Operator: Good morning. My name is Latangie and I will. Thank you.
I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Gerry Sweeney, President and CEO of Brandywine Realty Trust. Please go ahead, sir.
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Latangie, thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter 2012 earnings call. On today's call with me are George Johnstone, our Senior Vice President of Operations; Gabe Mainardi, our Vice President and Chief Accounting Office; Howard Sipzner, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tom Wirth, our Executive Vice President of Portfolio Management and Investments.
Prior.
So, with that said, will be available to answer any other questions.
First, an overall observation. General economic uncertainty we see every day is moderating the pace of the office market recovery. One day the news is good, the next day not so much. However, the general (trend line) remains positive and based on what we see at least in our markets, the office market recovery is certainly continuing. Vacancy rates continue to decline in most of our markets.
First quarter leasing activity in most of our market was lower than in the fourth quarter of 2011, but generally as expected. Leasing remains our number one priority and market data supports continued confidence in our business plan. Several of our markets continue to have a tenant driven pricing dynamic, but in other markets we see encouraging signs of rental rate growth. Across the Board in all of our markets, we're still benefiting from a flight up the quality curve as our product is at the top end of available inventory.
Our leasing approach remains tactical; that is in some markets we are increasing rates, lengthening lease terms and creating downward pressure on capital concessions. This approach is working well in Austin, Philadelphia CBD, and the Crescent markets in the Pennsylvania suburbs. In other markets, we're accelerating absorption through aggressively gaining market share. Results of long lease confidence, we did increase our 2012 speculative revenue target by 2% and year-to-date we have achieved 80% of this new annual target.
Looking at the quarter, we had good leasing benchmarks and solid operating metrics. Most notably, our pipeline of transactions which we define as prospects have been issued proposals remains constant at 3.4 million square feet. The number and square footage or prospects touring or enquiring about our properties during the quarter average 37 companies and 400,000 square feet per week. For the quarter, these numbers were 26% greater than in the fourth quarter of 2011.
So, while general market activity leasing levels were generally down we had a very good quarter of tenant enquiries and inspections have anything from our standpoint continued emergence of tenant demand and the previously mentioned flight to quality product and landlords.
Our goal of having positive same-store growth for 2012 remains on track, mark-to-market leasing spreads were consistent with our 2012 business plan, albeit lower for the quarter particularly on a cash basis than our targeted run rate for the year. For the balance of the year, we expect better forward leasing spreads based upon the composition of our projected leasing activity. Concession package remain fairly steady where we are seeing higher capital costs, we are attempting to mitigate that through extended lease terms. Our TI costs for the quarter were in line with our business plan assumptions, but continue to be an area of heightened focus. George will address capital in more detail, but our CAD ratio this quarter was a solid 79%. We (all saw a) positive absorption for the portfolio this quarter.
George again will touch on these operating metrics and pipeline activity in more detail, but from an operating standpoint we are pleased with the quarter and more importantly with the continued improvement in overall tone and velocity of our tenant traffic.
By looking at our balance sheet, we remain extremely liquid with no near term debt maturities. Additionally, with the exception of $100 million that remains floating, we are completely insulated from any floating rate interest risk.
Continued NOI improvement augmented by our investment strategy will continue our EBITDA deleveraging program. We closed the quarter with $334 million of cash and securities on hand as a result of early asset sales and the funding of our previously announced $600 million term loan facilities. These cash balances provide the funds to return the $151.2 million balance of our 5.75% unsecured note that was due April 1.
Liability management efforts continue during the quarter, and we purchased $4 million of our unsecured notes. While we incurred a slight loss on that extinguishment, it does represent our approach in effectively manage our forward liabilities, and from a debt maturity standpoint, the Company is in extraordinarily good shape and our next unsecured not is not due until November of 2014.
For the quarter, we improved our net debt to gross assets to 43.7%. We have no outstanding balance on our $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility, and we also made good progress along our EBITDA improvement path on a 7.2 times ratio of net debt to annualized EBITDA. And Howard, in his presentation will review all those metrics in more detail.
Cash is certainly fungible and our sources of cash have been slightly larger borrowings under our term loans and the proceeds from asset sales, our all-state joint venture and now the preferred offering. We view our cash on a net debt basis, and our bank term loan structures provide an opportunity to reduce debt with minimal breakage cost. But while the economic climate remains uncertain, it's important to maximize flexibility and liquidity. As such we plan to remain very liquid with ample financial capacity, while our portfolio transitions to higher occupancy levels, consistent NOI growth, and EBITDA improvement.
Our cash balances are available for continued liability management, acquisitions and direct debt pay downs. We have a very stable and flexible debt platform where we have the option to accelerate debt prepayments or alternatively use cash from sales to redeploy in the better growth assets.
In pursuit of this liquidity objective subsequent to the quarter end we took advantage of strong capital markets, through a $100 million opportunistic preferred equity issuance of 6.9% coupon preferred shares. A portion of these proceeds will fund the redemption of all of our outstanding 7.5% for Series C cumulative redeemable preferred shares. The issuance of this preferred stock at a 6.9% coupon is excellent permanent capital for our company.
The coupon's extremely attractive, market demand was very strong, enabled us to upsize our offering after the launch and consequently redeem our 7.5% preferred. This issuance and related redemption cost was not in our original plan and has a near-term cost. That cost as indicated in our guidance need to be expensed from both the redemption, as well as the anticipated dividends on the net preferred issuance and will be about $0.03 per share during 2012.
Looking at investments, the low interest rate environment increased visibility on leasing activity and the relative yield against real estate sectors have created a much more active bidding pool for our asset class and there is ample available capital looking for acquisition. To take advantage of that opportunity, we are increasing our sales target for 2012 from $80 million to $175 million. Our previous guidance contemplated an $80 target, occurring ratably during the year, at cap rates ranging between 7.5% and 9%. Given what we've seen thus far, we anticipate better progress than that. For example, we saw our fully leased 268,000 square foot South Lake building for $91.1 million or $340 per square foot.
We also completed the disposition of a 33,000 square foot office building in Moorestown, New Jersey. We currently have over $200 million in assets either on the market for sale or in reverse inquiry discussions. These assets are located in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and California. Of this amount, approximately $80 million is either in buyer due diligence or buyer underwriting and bid review. To the extent that these pending $80 million of transactions close, will be a timing acceleration versus our original business plan and as a result dilutive to 2012 FFO.
To put a finer point on it our $94 million of sales to-date have caused us about $0.03 per share in current year FFO versus our previous guidance, and if the property is under contract and underwriting, close on their projected timeline that will cost us roughly about another $0.01 per share versus our prior slower assumed pace. So overall, our earlier and higher sales volumes are about $0.04 dilutive to FFO in 2012.
During the quarter, we did complete a small acquisition. We acquired 150,000 square foot vacant office building located in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania next to our Plymouth Meeting Executive campus. Our price was $9.1 million or $59 per square foot. We immediately commenced redevelopment with an overall budget including our acquisition cost approximating $28 million. We expect to deliver the finished building by the end of the year, stabilized by year-end 2013 and already 58% pre-leased. We expect to achieve an 11% (free and clear) return on an overall investment base about $180 per square foot. This value add acquisition was a perfect complement both from an offensive and defensive leasing standpoint to our existing 800,000 square foot inventory in Plymouth Meeting.
In general, our investment approach is governed by continual balance sheet improvement and achieving a better forward growth profile. Our 2012 guidance does not contemplate any additional acquisitions, while we continue to actively evaluate range of opportunities both in our Allstate joint venture and for direct acquisitions. We would anticipate that any contemplated acquisitions will be financed through asset sales or existing cash balances.
One final point, we have a land inventory of approximately $109 million, or roughly 2.2% of our asset base. Most of that land is in total for office development given the realities in some market spacing future office development last year we commenced a plan to examine all parcels for alternative and higher value uses. That process is beginning to pay-off and we recently received approvals on our Plymouth Meeting land for about 400 multifamily units. We have several additional parcels proceeding through the same process and once it is achieving new entitlements our plan would be to either sell that land or identify quality residential companies and/or institutional investors to develop the project whereby Brandywine would be an investment partner.
To wrap up with some commentary on our guidance, as we did note in our press release, we issued a revised FFO range for 2012 of $1.30 to $1.35 per share. The reduction in the bottom end of the range of $0.05 is comprised of $0.03 due to the preferred offering, the $0.04 I mentioned due to the accelerated and larger sale target, offset by $0.02 of operational improvements driven by strong leasing and expense savings.
At this point, George will now provide an overview of our first quarter operating activity, and then George will turn it over to Howard for a review of our financial activity.
George D. Johnstone - SVP, Operations and Asset Management: Thank you, Gerry. We continue to see good levels of leasing activity during the first quarter, which has allowed us to raise certain elements of the business plan, and overall flight to quality continues as tenants seek quality landlords, buildings and locations, which has benefited our portfolio. Submarkets that continue to demonstrate recovery and improving metrics are Philadelphia CBD, the Crescent, Pennsylvania submarkets of Radnor, Conshohocken, Plymouth Meeting, and Newtown Square, along with Austin and Richmond, where rent growth and tighter capital control are becoming more the norm. Other markets, while showing some signs of improvement, remain in a buying occupancy mode.
In terms of the first quarter specifically, during the quarter, we commenced 982,000 square feet of leases, including 442,000 square feet of new leases, 421,000 square feet of renewal leases, and 119,000 square feet of tenant expansions. This leasing activity resulted in positive absorption of 77,000 square feet and an occupancy percentage of 86.7%.
Occupancy exceeded our business plan projection by 20 basis points after factoring in the 10 basis point decline from the sale of the South Lake building in Northern Virginia. More importantly, we are holding our year-end occupancy target of 89.4%.
Retention for the quarter was 59.7%. Early termination rates exercised by a handful of tenants accounted for 1,000 basis points of lost retention. For the year tenant retention is still expected to be 57% based on 1.1 million square feet of renewals already executed, current lease negotiations and known tenant move-outs.
Leasing capital for the quarter was $2.85 per square foot per lease year. Our average lease term for the quarter was 5.7 years. Regions operating under the average capital spent for the quarter were the Pennsylvania suburbs, New Jersey Delaware, Richmond and California. Philadelphia CBD and Metro D.C. continue to outpace the Company average on average lease term. Lengthening lease term and controlling capital continues to be an area of focus.
Rental rate declines for the quarter were 4.3% on a GAAP basis and 14.2% on a cash basis. Philadelphia CBD, the Pennsylvania suburbs and Metro D.C., posted positive GAAP rental rate growth for quarter. Cash declines were driven by five deals rolling off leases done at the height of the market. Excluding these five deals cash declines were 6%.
We do expect rental rate trends to improve from those posted in the first quarter as our business plans still contemplate the range from negative 1% to positive 2% on a GAAP basis and negative 4% to negative 7% on cash basis.
Traffic for the quarter was up 26% sequentially and up 5% over last year's average quarterly traffic. The pipeline remains strong unchanged at 3.4 million square feet, 2.5 million square feet of new deals, 900,000 square feet of renewal deals. 611,000 square feet of deals are in lease negotiations with the balance all entertaining proposals. We've increased our speculative revenue target by $1 million or 2%, $35.9 million or 80% has been achieved, leaving $9 million still to be done over the balance of the year. At this time last year, we had $11 million remaining on our spent revenue target.
Austin, Philadelphia, CBD, Pennsylvania suburbs, New Jersey, Delaware are all North of 80% achieved. Of the remaining $9 million to be achieved 35% is in active negotiations, 25% are entertaining proposals and 40% still needs to be sourced. These leasing assumptions and trends will translate into same-store NOI growth of 0.5% to 2.5% on GAAP basis and flat to 2% on a cash basis, both excluding early termination and other income.
Leasing remains the primary focus of the regional teams, but continued examination of our contracted services, energy procurement and conservation efforts, and aggressively appealing real estate taxes will aid in reducing operating costs and improving margin.
I will now turn it over to Howard for the financial review.
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: Thank you George and thank you Jerry. The first quarter 2012 income statement featured FFO available to common shares and units of $47.1 million. This compares favorably to $47.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 and $48.2 million in the first quarter 2011 given the interim sales and disposition activity.
Our funds from operations or FFO per diluted share came in at $0.32, which matched analyst consensus for the quarter. Our payout ratio on the $0.15 dividend we paid in January 2012 was a very strong 46.9% and our first quarter FFO figure was high quality with termination revenue, other income, management fees, interest income, JV activity and bond buyback costs totaling $6.3 million gross or $5 million net each in line with our 2012 expectations.
A few observations on the components of our first quarter performance; cash rent of $108 million was down $6 million sequentially versus the fourth quarter of 2011 due to fourth quarter and first quarter 2012 sales activity. Straight-line rent however of $6.8 million was up $1.4 million sequentially due to increased leasing activity and the associated straight-lining components.
Recovery income of $19.3 million was down $1.2 million sequentially versus $20.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 due to the mild winter and again the impact of the sales. Our recovery ratio of 35.5% on expenses was in line with our expectations. Property operating expenses of $40.2 million were down $4.1 million sequentially versus $44.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 due to the aforementioned sales activity and again the mild weather this past winter. Real estate taxes were up $0.3 million or $300,000 sequentially due to a variety of minor factors.
Our interest expense in the first quarter of 2012 came in at $34.1 million and represented an increase of $2.2 million sequentially versus $31.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2011.
As we had double outstandings proportions of our debt on the quarter pending repayment and we also absorbed the cost of locking interest rates for the current and future periods. Our G&A at $6.1 million was in line with our expectations and with the prior quarter.
In the first quarter of 2012 we had net bad debt expense of just under $800,000 included in our operating expenses and for the most part it is proportional to the increase in our overall straight-line rent activity. Compared to a year ago, the first-quarter same-store NOI increased 2.6% on a GAAP basis and decreased 0.3% on a cash basis, both excluding termination fees and other income items and in line with our expectations for the quarter.
Our cash available for distribution or CAD increased sequentially to $27.8 million from $22 million and measured $0.19 per share versus $0.15 in the prior quarter. Our 78.9% first quarter 2012 CAD payout ratio is our best level of the last five quarters. EBITDA coverage ratios are off their highest levels and came in at 2.4 times interest, 2.2 times debt service, and 2.1 times fixed charges, due primarily to doubling of debt balances in the quarter and reduced exposure to floating rates.
Margins remained very strong with improving occupancy levels and came in at 60.7% for NOI and 62.9% for EBITDA. As Gary noted, we are revising our 2012 FFO guidance to now be in a range of $1.30 to $1.35 per diluted share for the full year. Excluding the roughly $0.08 of historic tax credit income we’ll recognize in the third quarter of 2012 and the $0.015 of cost for the preferred share redemption we will recognize in this second quarter. Our recurring quarterly run rate for the second quarter to the fourth quarter should be in the range of $0.295 to $0.31 per diluted share.
In terms of other income items for the full year we are projecting no change in our $20 million to $25 million gross figure or $14 million to $19 million net figure after expenses for basket of other items such as termination revenues, other income, management revenues, less associated expenses of net, interest income, JV income, including the now financing obligation cost featured on our income statement for the non-consolidated property in our joint venture.
We don't expect any change in 2012 G&A and it will be in the total range of $24 million to $25 million. There's no change in our expectation for interest expense for the full year and we're maintaining it in the $133 million to $140 million range. The wideness is reflected of the possibility that we may end up doing some debt pay downs as the year progresses and we'll be substituting cost of those debt pay downs for the underlying interest expense.
We're now projecting 175 million of total 2012 sales activity and with a higher pace and earlier activity that had a detrimental impact to our FFO, along with sales completed of about $0.04 per share. We're including the Series E preferred shares at 6.9% dividend costs going forward, offset by the repayment on May 3rd, of the $50 million Series C shares. That together with the cost of redeeming the Series C shares will be about $0.03 dilutive in 2012. As mentioned earlier, we'll recognize the $0.08 per share gross historic tax credit impact in the third quarter. This revenue component is essentially non-cash and will be excluded from our CAD calculation that reflects the second occurrence of 20% of the net proceeds realized through the historic tax credit financing in 2010 and will be recognized in the third quarter of each year from 2011 through 2015. Without anticipating any further issuance under a continuous equity offering program and no additional note buyback activity is reflected in our guidance. As a result, we see 147 million shares as our count for fully diluted shares and units outstanding for FFO calculation in 2012.
Reflecting approximately $53 million of additional revenue maintaining capital expenditures for the last nine months of 2012, we see cash available for distribution per diluted share staying in the range of $0.60 to $0.70 per share as previously outlined. The 2012 guidance revision is impressive from our perspective, as we incurred $0.07 of dilution versus the prior disclosure, and only reduced our guidance $0.05, reflecting $0.02 of better and more certain operating performance.
Our capital plan in 2012 is remarkable and simple. Our $284 million cash balance, not to mention $50 million of securities on hand, will cover all our needs and we do not expect to do any financings or use our credit facility this year at all.
Our uses from April 1, 2012 forward totaled $446 million and are as follows. $160 million for debt repayments, $151 million of that has already been funded on April 2nd for our 2012 notes and leaves just $9 million for mortgage amortization over the course of the year.
We have a variety of investment activity scheduled for the balance of 2012. It includes the $53 million of revenue maintaining capital expenditures, $103 million for revenue creating capital expenditures, lease up of vacant space and new project lease up, including such properties as Three Logan Square and 3020 Market Street, plus another $55 million for a combination of smaller various capital projects, including our Commerce Square joint venture contributions.
We will pay $75 million of aggregate dividends on the common and preferred, $22 million on the common and $2 million on the preferred were already paid earlier in April, leaving 2012 remaining dividend payments of $51 million inclusive of the new Series E preferred. To fund this $446 million we are projecting the following from April 1st onwards. A $100 million of cash flow before financing investments in dividends but after interest payments, which are lumpy and tend to occur in April and May on the cycle of semiannual payments. $81 million of additional sales proceeds from the sales Jerry outlined. $47 million from net preferred stock activity, reflecting the funds we raised in the Series E offering, the cost of that offering less the $50 million we will disburse to redeem the Series C shares. We will you $218 million of our cash balance, leaving us with a projected year-end 2012 balance of about $116 million, inclusive of the $50 million of securities that will mature prior to year-end. So, our capital plan is very transparent and very clean from our perspective.
Accounts receivables at 3/31/2012 had reserves of about $16.1 million, $3.4 million on $17.4 million of operating receivables or just under 20%, and $12.7 million on $123.5 million of straight-line rent receivables, as we call them, or 10.3%. We are 100% compliant on all of our credit facility and indenture covenants with 84% of our gross real estate book value unencumbered at 3/31/2012. With the refinancing of our credit facility, we are now working under the new credit facility compliance metrics, and those are all captured in our supplemental package.
With that, I'll turn it back to Gerry for some additional comments.
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Thank you very much, Howard, and thank you as well, George. To conclude our prepared remarks, first quarter results were strong and consistent with our announced 2012 business plan. As evidenced by our collective commentary, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our 2012 objectives, including the increase in our spec revenue target. We remain convinced that our best growth strategy remains simply to continue outperforming our markets by leasing space. Our high quality product continues to provide a competitive advantage and we expect that advantage will accelerate as fundamentals continue to improve.
Our balance sheet strategy remains very much on track, and as discussed, we have become more aggressive on our disposition target for the year, given increased visibility on suburban office valuations.
So, thank you again for participating in the call. One final note, we want to mention that we will be hosting an Analyst and Investor Day on Tuesday, June 26, that tour will include presentations by our senior team, as well as a tour of our Philadelphia CBD assets. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome many of you to Philadelphia to present both the strength of our market position and the quality of our asset base and regional management teams. Invitations will be mailed out next week and we hope you can join us. We look forward to seeing you in June.
With that, (Latenge) we'll be delighted to open up the floor for questions. We ask that in the interest of time, you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Jamie Feldman, Bank of America Merrill Lynch
James Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can you talk a little bit more about the current leasing pipeline I guess in terms of what you have left to do for the rest of the year? Then also with the election coming people are concerned about the fiscal cliff, what's your sense of it in terms of business decision-making for the rest of the year?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Sure. George?
George D. Johnstone - SVP, Operations and Asset Management: Jamie I think, as I mentioned earlier we've got $9 million of spec revenue left to achieve. That's going to require us to do just a little bit north of 1.5 square feet. The pipeline is strong its 3.4 million square feet in total, 2.5 million square feet of that are new prospects and 900,000 of renewal prospects. We feel confident that with the pipeline that we have, the conversion rates that we've demonstrated, last year our conversion was 40%, it was 31% for the first quarter, but we've got several markets that continue to kind of outperform that 40% Company average. Just in terms of one of the things we really do to track is, is the traffic that comes through our pipeline, but that tends to be a harbinger of forward leasing activity and I think even with the overall market levels being down a bit Q1 versus Q4, we were very pleased with the increase in traffic through our portfolio. Now, it's pretty much throughout our inventory, across all the markets. So, I think with the pipeline remaining constant, the number of deals that we have in negotiations, the percentage of deals that we have proposals issued for, I think we're continuing to remain very confident on our ability to achieve all these targets.
James Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess just bigger picture on sentiment among tenants and among decision-makers; do you sense people are getting more cautious here with the election and the economic data getting more mixed or no change?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: It’s not a big change since the last conference call. Look, certainly, the market that we're in that is the most sensitized to the federal government and its budgetary matters, as both in Northern Virginia and in Maryland. I think the decline in leasing activity in Q1 in that market is reflective of the fact that the number of tenants are on the sidelines or pausing before they make a lot of poor lease commitments so they get a better flavor for what the political climate will be going forward. Certainly, with some of the appeal processes recently issued by the federal government in terms of awarding contracts, that has a bit of a delay in the actual award of those contracts and creates more protracted timeline. When we look beyond that I don't think we are really seeing the impact of the election in our other markets. I mean, the pipeline – feedback from our leasing agents, the managing directors does not seem to indicate that people are really focusing on that political climate as a key driver in their space decision.
Operator: Josh Attie, Citigroup.
Josh Attie - Citigroup: Can you talk a little bit more about what the acquisition pipeline looks like and maybe even development. When you did the preferred offerings you chose to increase the cash balance instead of paying down debt or – and I guess that kind of implies that you're seeing more growth opportunities. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Certainly, I'll make a real quick overview and then Tom can you give you kind of around the horn what we are seeing on the investment side. Look I think the reason when we raised this capital that we didn't pay down the debt immediately was just to preserve complete optionality and we have as you know from our bank term loan structure a pretty flexible platform to pay down that debt as we see fit with some acceleration of cost, but minimal breakage expenses. So, I think, when we analyze where we are we've retained the optionality to apply cash to future debt pay downs or as you know this past quarter to I think some pretty good tactical liability management, and we are seeing more things on the investment side, which Tom can certainly touch on.
Thomas E. Wirth - EVP, Portfolio Management and Investments: Sure. On the investment side, I think, if you look at the markets – I think that Philadelphia, Richmond tend to be slower not seeing much activity at this point. Continuing to see some activity in Austin that we monitor, that market continues to be well received when product is out there and we continue to look at the CBD and Southwest for opportunities and in Metro DC I think it's a (tale) of two storylines. We have the outside the beltway, which other than our trade, there's been very few outside the beltway trades, they've been taking longer to get done. So, we're monitoring that very closely just to see if cap rates are going to go higher out there or whether we see that nothing trades. Inside the beltway, we're still seeing a lot of good activity, and that activity in the trophy-class, there's plenty of capital out there finding that product, as well as – but some product that isn't trading at the expectations people are expecting, especially with – I think as you mentioned on the political side, we've seen rent sort of come down a little bit, we've seen it in our portfolio, we're seeing it in the district also with some negative absorption, that people are pulling product, and in some cases refinancing. So, there is some haves and have-nots. With our looking in the district and in inside the beltway markets, we are targeting that with our Allstate joint venture. So, we're certainly looking for opportunities in our targeted markets which are all inside the beltway. We're seeing some good opportunities. We're taking a look at them. Most of the things we're looking out are going to be conservative, we're not looking for a lot of leasing exposure or near-term leasing risk, and we continue to be pleased by what kind of lending you're seeing on assets inside the beltway by various institutions.
Josh Attie - Citigroup: How should we think about the redeployment of the asset sale proceeds? You increased the asset sale guidance. Should we think of those proceeds as going towards sitting in cash until you can find acquisition opportunities, or would some of those proceeds go to pay down the term loan?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: I think as I mentioned in the beginning, I think we'll just keep our flexibility. We have the option of paying down certainly $100 million floating rate term loan as we choose, how it continues to track the liability market by any frictional trades we can make to look at our forward liabilities, and Tom and his team are continuing to beat the bush on investments. So, I think, those three avenues, I think, are good ones for the Company, and as situations arise that we think justified the deployment of capital will move down that path.
Operator: Jordan Sadler, KeyBanc Capital.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital: I was just looking to get clarification on the asset sales. You said previously the expectation was for cap rates in the 7.5% to 9% on the $80 million you had in guidance ratable over the year. What's the blended cap rate now?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: We're looking at a range in the mid 7s to 8%.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital: Mid 7s to 8%.
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: On a blended basis, will be some lower, some high when we look at the pipeline.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital: Then separately just looking at the revenue generating CapEx and the small capital projects which include Three Logan 3020 and presumably the Plymouth Meeting asset, you guys just touched on. You talked about Plymouth Meeting, but can you walk through, where you expected overall returns embedded in guidance on the $160 million you expect to deploy from April on? Does that recall in that sort of 10% to 12% unlevered range or what?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: It's Howard. A lot of it goes to leasing of vacant space, so putting it in the context of the Three Logan, that's an asset we originally underwrote on a substantially vacant basis to yield in a 9% to 10% range for this spend or part of it that will take place in 2012 is towards meeting that goal. 3020 could be an asset that yields ultimately in excess of 10%. The development project in Plymouth Meeting an 11% return, the money that we spend in the Thomas Properties Group, Commerce Square joint venture, little bit over a 9%, with some fees on top of that. So, generally very attractive returns as you look around the landscape at where those are going.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital: My last question Gerry just looking at the cash on your balance sheet today, looks $230 million, $240 million, I think it's the number that I know was higher at quarter end, I know that you're keeping your options open, but I guess it basically seems that your option is open outside of debt repayment, which has certainty, it would mean that you've got investment opportunities that you're looking at. Can you maybe just characterize that for us? It seems like you've got potential size there and maybe just frame that up in terms of what you're seeing as the most attractive potential opportunities?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Sure, I'll take a stab at it for you. First of all, the math that Howard walked through in his commentary shows the application of a good portion of that cash during the course of the year. So, you need to be mindful of that as we look at some of the things you just inquired about in terms of Three Logan, 3020, Plymouth Meeting, We think they were good high quality capital investments to make that as those projects stabilize will develop a good rate of return. So, as we look at our net cash position, it's probably not as big as you're looking at for the end of the first quarter. So, you need to be mindful of that. We are beginning to see some more opportunities. They need to be mind, need to be worked, a lot of our transactions were focused on are off market. Look, we certainly like the structure of what we’re able to achieve with Commerce Square. We’re able to invest in a preferred position and create a good rate of return and accelerate absorption and value in an asset that we invest in. Some of the…
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital: Do you expect that to be recapitalized this year?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Well the debt is -- the first piece of debt is due in 2013 at Commerce Square. So, certainly I think the partnership as the year progresses will have a number of discussion about what the best method to do that is. But that certainly looms on the near term horizon as the capital discussion that the partnership needs to have.
Operator: John Guinee, Stifel Nicolaus.
John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Gerry, you guys did an awfully impressive asset sale at Dallas station which is a miserable leasing market as we all know. Can you drill down and talk about in addition to the price per pound, the cap rate, the lease expiration schedule any early expirations they might have had and then also sort of how you looked at it on a hotel basis and what you price point was and you became a seller versus a holder?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Sure, I’d be happy be John and they are good questions. I won’t necessarily agree with your total characterization, but I understand your theme. As we looked at the time we’re in transaction, that lease that we did was going out through 2019, but had termination rates that were kicking in kind of starting in the middle part of 2016 and 2017. We did that transaction not quite at the height of the financial crisis, but pretty close to it. So there was a real urgency to get that building occupied and the structure in which we did that lease provided not just for those early termination options to give Time Warner the flexibility they required, but also provided for a fairly flat rental rate structure. So from our standpoint we have pretty much optimized the value in that asset through bringing that property to stabilization and getting the cash flow coming in once the tenants started paying cash rent. Given those termination options, given the – we thought could be a declining value investment market, at least temporarily based upon some of your observations, we thought we reach the optimal value point of that. The trade incurs about a 6.8% cap rate, $340 a square foot which we thought on both metrics were probably good value recoveries for us. It enabled us to recover profitability -- a profit on that project and our team could then devote all their resources to leasing our apparently vacant space in that market.
Operator: Richard Anderson, BMO Capital Markets.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: On that Herndon deal, I guess I'm curious. Why wasn't it in guidance for your disposition target when you reported fourth quarter results, it only happened a month later?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Richard, it's a great question. I think the only thing we can tell you on that is that, literally up to 11 hour, the certainty of that execution was in question and we also in the intervening months have gotten much more confident of the depth of the sales market for the suburban asset class. So, we actually in lieu of pre-funding our $80 million original sales target within $91 million trade at Time Warner, we actually made a decision based upon the pipeline of sales velocity we saw to actually keep the $80 million and become additive to the target. So, it was an awkward timing situation for us and then with the passage of time, we just gained a lot more confidence in what we're seeing on the buy side of the market.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Would you qualify that as a reverse inquiry trade or is that not qualified?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: No, that was not a reverse inquiry trade. That was part of a marketing program we had underway, just didn't have any visibility on it to be able to execute it.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Second follow-up is on retention targeting still 57% for the year. Is that kind of a disappointment to you? I mean, you guys have historically seen retention targets rise over the course of the year. How do you feel about retention kind of staying for this quarter?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Rich, I think disappointing but I think a little bit of a continuum of recent trends where some of our larger corporate clients are still kind of going through this downsizing, rightsizing. You look at a tenant, still hasn't fully vacated yet, but a big impact on our retention is site tour down in the Toll Road Carter, given us back 110,000 square feet. Now, we've been successful in re-letting that space. But from a retention statistic, it has a negative impact. We've got 22 tenants north of 10,000 square feet still kind of in our will vacate column for the duration of the year. Our hope would be that we can ultimately convince some of the tenants less than 10,000 square feet to ultimately change their mind and continue to kind of work the tenant expansions, which has a positive impact on the retention calculation.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: If I could just quickly say, the $0.02 operating improvement – I know I'm on my third question, so I apologize, but a real quick – no change to your same-store range though for 2012, you're just saying top end of that range now basically?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: Yeah, I mean, that would be correct. It's a function of the additional million dollars we added to the leasing plan, the somewhat better expense profile in the first quarter and then just a lot of little stuff, but not big enough yet to move us outside the range we outlined earlier.
Operator: Dave Rodgers, RBC Capital Markets.
David Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets: Just talking about some of the dispositions that you had chatted about earlier in the call in the Q&A. What would cause you to kind of to maybe hit the high end of that range or could we see you increase the range again this year in terms of total disposition activity if pricing is right and would you need to see alternative investment opportunities, or you'd be happy holding more cash maybe going into the end of the year?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Look, I mean, there are two things that could drive the – towards the upper end of that guidance as we do acquisitions and we do better than we are anticipating right now on the lease executions and NOI generation during the year certainly to the extent that the sales target exceeds the 175 without having a corollary redeployment of that that would create some downward pressure for sure.
David Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets: Can you quantify the impact of the mild weather maybe this quarter and then versus when you think last year first quarter to second quarter, the type of the impact that you saw this year was it anything meaningful in FFO?
George D. Johnstone - SVP, Operations and Asset Management: Clearly our operating expenses were lower than we had originally projected due to the lack of snow. Also keep in mind that the snow expense for us has roughly a 60% reimbursement associated with it, so about 40% of the expense that was not incurred fell at the bottom line.
David Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets: Then I guess your ability or willingness to take on more value add, I think I heard you talk about in the context of DC and I don’t know if you addressed it more broadly. But just the aggressiveness with what you might be willing to take on more value add if in fact the leasing activity does continue to pick up as you feel it might throughout the course of the year?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Well that’s purely a market-by-market analysis. I mean, as the 3020 Market acquisition was purely a value add. Its action is sub marked with a less than 5% vacancy factoring and we’re 100% leased. Plymouth Meeting, that was a unique opportunity to acquire a very well construct and design building right within the heart of our Plymouth Meeting Executive Campus. We felt though given the leasing velocity the need for tenant expansions we were saying that was a glove fit to our portfolio. When you look, you look beyond that. I think it has to be an evaluation point on what our portfolio looks like in that marketplace. For example in Southern New Jersey, or Northern Virginia where we still are facing our own internal headwinds, and have paid a very different pricing metric we would evaluate to take on any additional risk in that market. So, we like opportunities where our leasing teams and regional management teams can really create value for us through a effective buy, but I think we are very mindful of balancing that capital return with the return we will be getting from our existing assets in those markets that are probably facing the same leasing headwinds to substantial acquisitions.
Operator: Michael Knott, Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: I'd just like to make an addendum to John Guinee's question, your commentary that that was a non-traded REIT buyer I believe. Can you guys comment on pre-rent trends in the market, it seems like the direct capital leasing costs are fairly steady, but just curious how that part of it is trending?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: Yeah, look, I think it clearly is on every tenant's wish list. Basically to cover moving costs, wiring cabling and sometimes furniture or things along those lines that they need to come out of pocket for – it ranges anywhere from one to two months per lease year depending on the market and the overall capital investment that we are making on physical improvements. We've started to see a little bit of a trend even on renewals where the introduction of free rent has now be become part of the equation, but not necessary on an every deal basis.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Can you just remind us what are sort of the standard free rent periods for new and renewals?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: One or two months per lease year typically on a new deal.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Then on the redevelopment asset that you bought there in the (Philly) suburbs sort of the stabilized cap rate or value per pound would be upon stabilization, if you're going to be all-in at 180 a foot and 11 yield what was the hypothetically if you were going to flip that stabilized asset in the future what's sort of the ballpark figure there, just curious out of the 180 and when compared to a stabilized value and sort of full replacement costs?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Depending upon the level of finishing the building like that, in kind of the 70% to 80% replacement cost calculation. So from that standpoint it was also a very good transaction for us. Look the property location in the Plymouth meeting market which we as we called as far as Crescent suburban class is one of the higher investment submarkets in the buildup of your region. So, we certainly think that delivering that asset is an 11% free and clear return, fully loaded creates a lot of value for the company.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Last question, even though your stock has had a nice run this year it still trades about 15% below our NAV estimate. So just curious as the and to increase dispositions and not explicitly target additional acquisitions is part of you plan to get out of that box so to speak that you've been in for quite a while I would say?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: We're doing everything we can to move our stock up to at least net asset value and we think a lot of leasing activity of the last couple of years in particular last six quarters has really done a lot to move our NAV up, particularly when you take a look at the ability to fill up the empty space. So, we're very mindful of both current and intermediate term projected NAV. As a consequence, if you recall, on our last earnings discussion we talked about that with stock pricing at the levels that we're at, we certainly would not be using our ATM program, or any other equity issuances, as that would be aiding in our deleveraging plan, but certainly creating a detrimental effect on our net asset value. So we're hopeful that the continued acceleration of leasing through our portfolio will help our stock price get caught up to our current NAV and once we continue to demonstrate that we can outperform our markets and the general bias on leasing velocity in suburban office space becomes more positive, that that NAV will continue to rise in conjunction with our improved NOI.
Operator: Steve Sakwa, ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Just one quick question. The $50 million of securities on the balance sheet, could you tell us what those are?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: Steve, it's Howard. We looked at our cash balances and realized we had more cash than we would reasonably need in 2012, and we've taken the opportunity to purchase a number securities maturing in that instance, November 2013 others in October, some in January, just to improve the yield on the cash balances above what's available in the money market accounts.
Operator: Young Ku, Wells Fargo Securities.
Young Ku - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: In terms of your 2013 lease expirations you know it's still kind of early in 2012 but are there any major move outs that you guys are anticipating?
George D. Johnstone - SVP, Operations and Asset Management: We have a few that we are tracking. I guess for the largest probably with Intel in our Austin operation who were currently talking to about retaining some of the space and have an identified pipeline for taking the remainder and/or potentially all of the space. It is a little bit early we have been talking to several of the 13 expirations and they are probably the most notable on the potential move out with.
Young Ku - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: How big was that Intel space?
George D. Johnstone - SVP, Operations and Asset Management: About 164,000 square feet. The interesting thing about the Intel space is we did a three year renewal with them at midway the height of the crises and the rest of rate that they are paying is well below existing market. So, given the pipeline of leasing activity our local team has in place that's actually one of those opportunities we are looking forward to.
Young Ku - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just one other question about your investment opportunities. In terms of the types of products that you guys are looking for on the stabilized side, what kind of cap rate are the assets – are they trading at right now?
Thomas E. Wirth - EVP, Portfolio Management and Investments: The assets we are looking at they are kind of in the – if we are looking in the district and kind of those target markets we are looking out we are seeing them in the 7% to 8% range, and inside the district, below that. There would have to be a story to tell on those type of cap rates in terms of IRR, because we are pretty much IRR driven. So, the cap rate doesn't necessarily tell the whole story, but that’s kind of where the cap rates we’re seeing are now in that market. That’s one. If you look at Austin, which is the other market where leases trades, so you can get an idea, that’s pretty much in I think 7% cap rate range.
Operator: Ross Nussbaum, UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: One quick question. The 110 million of land that you guys have sitting on the book, how much of that do you really think you’re going to monetize over the next year or two?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: I think we have a number of parcels under planning and approval processes for alternative uses. So, I think our target would be to do about – this is a rough word of magnitude, subject to political climate and local zoning ordinances – of about a third of that in the next couple of years.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Roughly speaking, relative to book value, if you're going to rezoning for multi-family, do you think at the end of the day that it’s worth more than book?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: We do.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: How much more?
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Well, we’re not going to give you a number on that, Ross, but we actually think – the reason we are going down this path is we think it’s a higher best value for the land. I think as we move through the process and demonstrate some results, I think my observation will be proven out.
Operator: Richard Anderson, BMO Capital Markets.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Can you just give us, Howard, kind of a rough – I emailed you this, so with regard to this email, the preferred dividends for the second quarter and what they would be a more run rate basis? I assume that there is a lag time, so the second quarter might be a little funky.
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: The second quarter actually has a little bit of a double dividend in itself as we pay about – and all of that's captured in the guidance, we pay I think about $0.09 stub in closing out the preferred C shares, paid on the liquidation – on the redemption date. Then again subject to declaration which we obviously fully expect, the Series E shares will get their first dividend in mid-July on the regular cycle.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So, the number should be – the second quarter should be the same in terms of preferred dividends and then you start a new in the third quarter. Is that right?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: I think the second quarter Series E dividend will be slightly elevated because it's settled on April 11, but I don't have the exact math in front of me. There is a little bit of a stub period one way or the other given its settlement date from an issuance standpoint, but nothing material.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Do you have a full year preferred dividend number?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: That would be 6.9% of $25.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Well, no. I mean, okay...
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: One of us could calculate.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I got it, that's easy. You said the charge – I thought you said that the charge was about $0.015, is that right in the second quarter?
Howard M. Sipzner - EVP and CFO: Yes, the write-off of the costs which have been booked to the equity section for the Series C, which are now expensed upon redemption are about $2.1 million.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Gerard H. Sweeney - President and CEO: Excellent. Thank you again very much for participating in the call. We look forward to seeing you at our June event. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
<|endofexample|>
Website Design & Development
Maximizing your online presence
Your website is the front door to your business and the face to your customers. As the saying goes, first impressions count. Mosaic Interactive will not only help you make a good first impression, but an everlasting one.
Your marketing goals are our marketing goals and we want to ensure your site is driving the maximum results for you and your business.Whether you're Internet savvy or just learning the basics, you can spot a well-designed site from one that would benefit from a face lift. Our designers have their eyes and ears tuned to the design buzz, and are constantly increasing their knowledge and learning new techniques. With over a decade of web design and development experience, Mosaic Interactive creates compelling, impactful websites. And we listen before jumping right into the website. We want to know everything about your company — what makes it tick and ultimately, what you think draws more customers to your door. Your marketing goals are our marketing goals and we want to ensure your site is driving the maximum results for you and your business.
Mosaic Interactive has designed and developed award-winning websites for large corporations, as well as the education, industrial, health care, and non-profit industries. We are well-tuned to the nuances that propel a site from good to exceptional. Our team understands the importance of site structure, user-friendly navigation, and great design that encourages users to visit repeatedly.
Whether you're starting from a blank slate or looking to update your current website, Mosaic Interactive will work with you every step of the way, on creating an exceptional site. It will be one that will launch your business forward, creating amazing connections with your customers, while at the same time, giving you the maximum return on your investment. You have the products and services already — we'll help drive the results.
Content Management System (CMS)
Putting you in the driver's seat
An integral part of designing and developing your website is putting you in control of your message. All of our websites are built using a content management system (CMS) to facilitate control over text, images, products and account updates. If you can navigate a word processing system, using a CMS is no different. Tech jargon worries fade, as the system is very user-friendly. We make it simple so you can concentrate on connecting with customers and driving more business.
Mosaic Interactive has successfully migrated existing websites into a CMS for improved client management. Our web development team has extensive experience in Joomla!, Drupal and Worpress, and is well-versed in other open source content management systems. We offer CMS training sessions with our development team, providing you with the skills necessary to get you on the right path. A more user-friendly content management system means less hassle for you. Less hassle means more time for you to focus on business growth. You already have the success story, and we'll help you shout it from the rooftops and get the maximum exposure.
E-Commerce
Take hold of your online shopping presence
As a business owner you sell your products in your store; so why not sell your products online as well? An online marketplace can grow your customer base, while at the same time expand your reach and generate new revenue for your business. You can leverage your online presence by furthering your growth in the marketplace, and even expanding to a global market.
Our team has successfully integrated e-commerce solutions with enterprise resource planning systems (ERP), content management systems (CMS) and accounting systems. Our expertise in e-commerce enables us to build an online store on your new or existing website and connect it to your financial institution, all while hosting it on one of our reliable servers.
Enough looking — get started today. Call us at 610-694-8818 to get started.
<|endofexample|>
Create a custom room in your home and express your creativity by decorating with stencils.
If you have a lot of excess scrap paper like I do, it’s time to put that waste to better use. Read t...
Quick pickles--which don't require turning your kitchen into a sauna--are a fast, fun way to preserv...
A cast iron Dutch oven can become a versatile and hardworking addition to your camp mess kit. Origin...
“Pot beans,” as frijoles de olla translates in English, are incredibly versatile. A pot of stewy beans on hand — whether frozen or just cooked — can turn into homemade refried beans, form the foundation of a non-Texan chili, be mashed into a base for bean dip or used to fill burritos. I like a big bowl of these hot from the pot, often served with cornbread or warmed tortillas and long-cooked pot greens on the side. Try some chopped onion or cilantro and shredded cheese to garnish the beans.
Ingredients:
1 pound (about 2 1⁄2 cups) dry beans of any type: red, navy, pinto, black, adzuki, speckled, what have you 2 tbsp bacon drippings 1 medium onion, chopped 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped 1 bay leaf, broken in half Salt, to taste
Instructions:
Sort the beans by spilling them onto a baking sheet and removing any debris and broken beans. Transfer the beans to a colander and rinse them under cold running water. Pour the beans into a deep, heavy, 4- to 6-quart pot, such as a cast-iron Dutch oven, with a lid. Add 2 1⁄2 quarts cold water (use filtered water if yours is hard), then remove any beans that float. Add the bacon drippings, onion, garlic and bay leaf. Bring the beans to a rolling boil over high heat, and then reduce the heat to low so the beans are at a gentle simmer. Cover the beans, tipping the lid a bit, and cook until they are thoroughly tender, about 2 hours. Add boiling water to the pot as needed to keep the broth covering the beans at its starting level.
When the beans are completely tender, season with 1 to 1 1⁄2 teaspoons salt and cook 15 minutes longer. Eat as is, with salsa and additional chopped onion, or continue to the next step for refried beans.
Makes 8 to 10 servings as a side, 4 to 6 servings as a main course.
How to make refried beans: Drain the beans in a colander placed over a bowl to catch the broth. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat an additional quarter cup of bacon drippings or vegetable oil, then add the drained beans, a couple of spoonfuls at a time. Mash each addition of beans with a wooden spoon or, my preference, a potato masher.
When all beans have been mashed, stir in broth to give the beans the consistency of mashed potatoes — creamy, but with some larger bits. Taste and re-salt if necessary.
Read More: Read a full excerpt about how cooking beans helped one food writer discover her own self-reliance in Finding Self-Reliance in a Pot of Dried Beans.
Robin Mather has written about food for more than 30 years in newspapers and magazines ranging from the Chicago Tribune to Cooking Light. This recipe is an excerpt from her book, The Feast Nearby, where she tells the story of a three-day blizzard that tested her resourcefulness and taught her self-reliance breeds confidence. Robin is now a senior associate editor
<|endofexample|>
Not really sure how to word this, so I hope I can get my thoughts across clearly...
Is it how they kept their house? (dirty, messy, comfortable, spotless, whatever) Or is it how they related to you with regard to how they kept their house?
We had daily and weekly chores as kids. It was routine, happened religiously. My moms house was always perfectly clean. But it didn't help me learn how to manage a house.
Around 8 years ago, I worked retail part time for some Christmas money and my eyes were opened to how purposefully damaging and manipulative marketing was. I stopped mindless buying/shopping, and I started a deep decluttering process. I always had much less stuff than everyone I knew, and I felt like I couldn't even figure out how to manage that appropriately (despite me being a very organized, neat person by nature), it always made me feel worse. Keeping house was like living on a seesaw - I really was only taught how to keep a perfectly clean house, but my life didn't allow for that (five kids in 10 years, varying degrees of ppd and anxiety, a procrastinating - albeit trying to be helpful - husband who came from a disgusting house). Keeping things at a lived in, comfortable level has always been my goal. But reality is, I'd go from utter disaster to raging lunatic freaking out get it clean, then I couldn't maintain and it would slip back to disaster, and start all over again.
Now, my youngest is four, I have no clutter, and I've had 12 years to find out what works for me and what doesn't. I have a much better handle on things (or did, until my car accident and have been bedridden for 7 weeks, but that's a different story!).
I'm wondering what other people think the best way to have kids involved in the housekeeping process is, and how your experience growing up affects how you involve your children...
I believe it is my house and I am responsible for the level of cleanliness I find appropriate. But I also think the kids live here and there is a level of personal accountability. I don't believe in chart systems or tying allowance to chores that are basically cleaning up after yourself. Their bedrooms are theirs to decide how to maintain, although my limit is garbage and dishes. (Although, sometimes, it can get too much for me and I will ask if I can clean it for them, or if they want help cleaning. Honestly, I have slipped to freaking out and telling them they had to clean their room, but that was out of being overwhelmed and feeling disrespected, not that I think thats the best way to handle things.) I feel like the best way is for them to be involoved with the upkeep of the house in a positive way. The olders know how to run the washer/dryer, clean a bathroom, all of them can fold and put away their clothes, the three big ones can do dishes, trash, sweeping and mopping. The littles are learning, too. Lots of times I ask everyone to give a few minutes to work all together to do a general pick up when I'm feeling overwhelmed by things being messy.
My goal is they are involved enough in the maintenance of the house to learn the skills necessary to maintain their things and their living space comfortably, and that they apply those skills and their own preferences, which I'm sure will change as mine have over time, to create a healthy, comfortable home. I don't want something so basic as keeping a house to be something they struggle with as I did. And I hope me figuring things out all these years doesn't impact them negatively...
I'd love to hear any thoughts, ideas or stories anyone feels like sharing!
Edited by MonkeyPrincess - 8/8/11 at 8:54am
Follow Mothering
<|endofexample|>
Here we go from today (20w5d):
Baby A:
3d, her face is on the left, Baby B's butt is on the top right
Profile
It's a girl! (We did see a better shot on screen than this, but it is still pretty clear even from this shot)
Baby B, he was being more cooperative for good photos:
3d, his face
3d, whole body
Profile
It's a boy! (we have two shots of this, he was really showing off, I like this one because part of the cord and placenta are visible too)
are you having a natural birth?
Follow Mothering
<|endofexample|>
Anyone keep a separate journal about their pregnancy? I've been eyeing Sacred Pregnancy for this... I've always kept a journal, but I thought it might be nice to have one dedicated to the pregnancy for posterity (and if there's a loss, to feel like I have something to hold onto for this pregnancy).
October 2013 Due Date Club
Pregnancy Journaling
- 341 Posts. Joined 12/2008
- Select All Posts By This User
:-) I always keep a journal throughout my pregnancies. Is just so lovely to look back on the memories of the special times, I add photos along the way, even unflattering ones taken by my son the morning i was in labour with his brother. But they're so precious.
I just buy an unruled journal and write every few days :-)
- 400 Posts. Joined 10/2012
- Select All Posts By This User
- 229 Posts. Joined 7/2012
- Location: Los Angeles, CA
- Select All Posts By This User
I started a journal with my first pregnancy (a loss) and have kept it up since then. It is just a regular paper journal, no prompted questions or anything, which tend to irritate me though I'm sure some find it useful. Sometimes it's a pain to take the time to write, but I'm always grateful when I am able to read back, so I keep it up.
- 4 Posts. Joined 2/2013
- Location: Utah
- Select All Posts By This User
I'm reading Creating a Joyful Birth Experience it has journaling exercises to get in touch with your body and the baby. My midwife told me its required reading for all her clients. I like it so far, i feel like journaling will be what saves me and my DH this pregnancy, all the hormones running through my body make it really hard for me to express myself to myself and to anyone at all!
Follow Mothering
<|endofexample|>
Please click on photo for full-size version. Here's Teddy doing his own version of the long jump. This photo was taken in the "Green Room" outside the National Theatre in London - the giant sofa, table, and chair are all covered with artificial …
England
Preparing for the London Olympics
Visiting Oxford with kids
Oxford, England is obviously a place I really love and think is great to visit with kids as I've written no fewer than three other Monday Dreaming posts about it. But the fact is that we were there for a too-brief two days and I've been dreaming of a …
After 9 years of family travel, I still haven’t figured out jet lag
It's taken me nearly a year, but next week I'll be writing my last post about our trip to England (still to cover: What to do in Oxford with kids). As I was looking through my pictures in preparation to write that post, I came across this …
Mondays are for dreaming: Visiting Windsor with kids …
Eating out with kids in London: The Chandos
I …
Looking for something specific?
<|endofexample|>
The 2012 Fast Lane Daily Labor Day Special is here! Derek D heads down from NYC to the Jersey Shore (or the beach as he calls it), where he lives to show you some of the hot spots that aren't, well you know...fist pumping establishments. He does it all in a brand new 2013 Corvette Grand Sport!
So enjoy your day off if you live in America, and the rest of the world just enjoy! Thanks for hanging with us during our break and we'll be back soon!
Labor Day Special shot and edited by:
Mike Cutler
Photographer/Filmmaker/Editor
So enjoy your day off if you live in America, and the rest of the world just enjoy! Thanks for hanging with us during our break and we'll be back soon!
Labor Day Special shot and edited by:
Mike Cutler
Photographer/Filmmaker/Editor
Added: 07/09/2012 03:17 Duration: 12
<|endofexample|>
Cars > CliffClavin’s Garage > Blog > 1967 Triumph TR4A (Tractor) > Great Weekend for a drive
Blog Categories
CliffClavin’s Blog Posts 1 – 3 of 3
- Great Weekend for a drive
- Sun Jan 28, 2007 | comment
- Weekend Work
- Sun Jan 21, 2007 | comment
- Plans for the TR4a
- Tue Jan 16, 2007 | comment
Great Weekend for a drive
Jan 28, 2007 | Views: 283
Filed under: 1967 Triumph TR4A (Tractor)
Share this story
I did take the TR for it longest drive since I have owned this weekend. Drove it maybe 120 miles round trip to Gainesville, GA to check out a buddys new car project. Tractor ran like a dream and I can't wait until spring when I can drive it more often.
Permanent Link to this Blog Post:
Download Drive Magazine Now!
Special Offers & Deals
Cars > CliffClavin’s Garage > Blog > 1967 Triumph TR4A (Tractor) > Great Weekend for a drive
Log in to post comments.
Read comments on this blog post
<|endofexample|>
Cars > Challenges > “96 camaro” Vs “Zunobtanium”
93xr7merc
M–25
Krakow, Wisconsin
United States
300
M–48
Savannah, Georgia
United States
1996 Chevrolet Camaro z-28
“96:
3.73 gearing!
Special Offers & Deals
Cars > Challenges > “96 camaro” Vs “Zunobtanium”
Log in to post comments.
Read comments on this challenge (1 of 1)
Log in to view challenge comments.
<|endofexample|>
motorcycles:
<|endofexample|>
The over all design and use of your web page was by far the easiest. I am very pleased with your site. I look forward to future purchases.- Jeremy New york
Loved the fact that you can save your dirt bike, year, model and everything that you search for is already the correct year and make. Makes buying dirt bike parts a whole lot easier and quicker... Good job keep up the good work.- Jameson
Great site and great job I always come to Motosport for everything I need! Thanks everybody at Motosport.com- Valued MotoSport Customer
I love motosport.com, I buy everything from you guys and you continue to wow me with your service and customer support. Thanks!!!- Valued MotoSport Customer
To Whom it may concern- I specially like the competitive prices offered on your product line. Satisfied Customer- customer service and dirt bike sales team members are very knowledgeable and helpful when I need to call in for any reason. Thanks so have NEVER ordered anything and had such KILLER prices free shipping and FAST shipping even on a holiday week got the stuff on the West Coast in 3 days!- Valued MotoSport Customer
<|endofexample|>
$
Start to the left of a tree at a very smooth face with a few crimps below a small overhang about 10 feet up. Climb up the face and grab the shallow right facing flake (crux). Continue up the flake system and clip the 2nd bolt. From here, head up and then left to clip the 3rd bolt. The clipping jug is solid, yet it looks like it should just fall out. From here, make a big reach to a large slopper and then head up the anchors. This is pretty nice climb, despite it's short stature. The opening moves are pretty difficult for the grade.
Walk upstream from The Snake Buttress proper. After passing the What a Jam corner and passing the large block about 15 ft back from the cliff, you'll come to a very clean and smooth white face. This route starts just to the left of a large tree. It's the 2nd bolted route to the left of the Scream Seam corner.
3 bolts, shuts.
<|endofexample|>
Nature Center to Hold Early Bird Walk
July 1, 2008
The John T. Huston-Dr. John D. Brumbaugh Nature Center of Mount Union College will be holding an Early Bird Walk on Sunday, July 6 at 8 a.m.
Join Chuck McClaugherty, professor of biology and director of the Nature Center, on a walk to discover what birds can be spotted on an early morning walk at the Nature Center.
No registration is required, but be sure to dress for the weather. The Nature Center is located six miles south of Mount Union College on Daniel Street, just off of Route 183. For more information, contact the Nature Center at (330) 823-7487.
<|endofexample|>
MANSFIELD — Lane A. Warner, 73, died Friday, Sept. 23, 2011, in Samaritan Regional Health System, Ashland.
Born Jan. 13, 1938, in Lucas to Merle and Ruth (Stotts) Warner, he was graduated from high school in Florida, and returned to Mansfield to study at Ohio Beauty College. He served with the U.S. Army, and worked as a beautician with West Park Hairdressers before opening his own shop.
Survived by his wife, Ruth E. (Workman) Warner; daughters, Sheri (Darin) Beal and Lisa (Scott) Bell; five grandchildren; sister, Autha Lawlor; brother, James Warner; extended family; and caregivers of Brethren Care in Ashland.
Friends may call Tuesday from 5 to 8 p.m. in the Finefrock Chapel of the Marion Avenue Snyder Funeral Home, Mansfield. A worship service will be Wednesday at 11 a.m. in First Christian Church, 200 W. Third St., Mansfield. The Rev. Christopher Whitehead will officiate. Burial will follow in Mansfield Cemetery.
Condolences at.
Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
RoHS Compliant Environmental Laws restrict the use of certain hazardous substances. “RoHS: Compliant” addresses the laws transposed from the European Union directive 2002/95/EC known as the RoHS Directive.
The RoHS Compliance of any product so designated is based upon evidence from the producer (manufacturer) that the part number is in compliance with the RoHS Directive. Mouser Electronics has taken all reasonable steps to confirm producers' statements and other evidence regarding the absence of the restricted substances to support the manufacturers' claim of compliance.
This information is valid when RoHS Compliance is indicated on your packing list from Mouser Electronics, Inc.
Chuck Amsden Quality Director Mouser Electronics email: chuck.amsden@mouser.com
<|endofexample|>
Last modified: 10/04/2012
Introduction
Movado Group, Inc. ("We" or the “Company”) respect.
This policy does not apply to information we collect through any other means, or to information collected on any other Company, affiliate or any third-party site or by any third-party application that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
We are a participant in the U.S.-EU safe harbour program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and the EU. For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce website at.
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. By using or accessing our Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy) – webquestions@movadogroup.com
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including:
- Information you provide to us.
- Information we collect as you navigate through the site or use any mobile applications, adjust your user preferences accordingly in your account profile. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information. the Company’s assets, in which case personal information held by the Company about its customers will be among the assets transferred to the buyer. or any of its affiliates and/or subsidiaries, – webquestions@movadogroup.
You may also send us an e-mail at – webquestions@movadogroupquestions@movadogroup.com or write us at: Movado Group, Inc., 650 From Road, Ste. 375, Paramus, NJ 07652-3556 Attn: Legal Dept - Privacy Policy
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted and in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and through a notice on our home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
webquestions@movadogroup.com
MOVADO GROUP, INC. SAFE HARBOR PRIVACY POLICY
Movado Group, Inc. (MGI) respects individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers, employees, business partners and others. Not only does MGI Policy applies to all personal information received by MGI in the United States from the EEA and from Switzerland, in any format, including electronic, paper or verbal.
DEFINITIONS
For purposes of this movado.com and/or movadogroupinc Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles. A notice will be posted on MGI’s web page () for 60 days whenever this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy is changed in a material way.
EFFECTIVE DATE: April 15, 2010
Last modified: 10/04/2012
Your Movado Group, Movado Group, Movado Group, Inc. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Movado Group, Inc.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of this website so long as the link does not portray Movado Group, Inc., its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. You may not use any Movado Group, Movado Group, Inc. or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Movado Group, Inc. or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Marks indicated on our website are registered trademarks of Movado Group, Inc. or its affiliates, in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks not owned by Movado Group, Inc. or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Movado Group, not sell products for children. If you are under 18, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Movado Group, Inc. and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Disclaimers
Your use of the website is at your risk. Movado Group, Inc. makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy and Movado Group, Inc. specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the website. Neither Movado Group,.
Movado Group, United States Movado Group, Inc.
Movado Group, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any site linked to or from the website. Your linking to any other site is entirely at your own risk. While Movado Group, Inc. may provide links on this website to other sites, the inclusion of such links is for your convenience only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the owner/sponsor of the site or the content of the site. Movado Group, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express and implied, as to the accuracy, validity, legality or otherwise of any materials or information contained on such sites.
Revisions
Movado Group, Inc. may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. Since you are bound by these Terms and Conditions, you should therefore periodically visit this website to review the then current Terms and Conditions.
Severability
If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
<|endofexample|>
Gardens, 13 Photos
$1,460 - $2,120
19680 East Country Club Drive, Aventura, FL, 33180 Map
Your newly renovated apartment home at Promenade at Aventura, includes GE appliances, upgraded coun...
For immediate assistance, call: (877)264-4409
Showing 51 - 60 of 78
See More Detail
$1,120
9404 N. W. 49Th Place, Sunrise, FL, 33351 Map
Welcome to Lakeside Villas Apartments come join us and surround yourself with the warm friendly atmo...
For immediate assistance, call: (888)451-2062
See All 10 15 Photos

Your Miami Gardens apartment search can be easy, and it can be personal too. Move.com can help you find the right apartment out of the many apartments for rent in Miami Gardens. Search by a number of factors from basic housing specs, to features of both the unit and the community. And do it all in just a few clicks. You can also make your search a personal experience and help us find the best Miami Gardens apartments for your lifestyle. Of course, there is never a shortage of the information you need to know about apartments for rent in Miami Gardens Miami Gardens.
<|endofexample|>
den
Any
Any
Any
No Preference
0 Selected
Save My Search
Search Neighborhood Apartments
Showing 1 - 10 of 107
All information is presumed reliable when collected but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified.
Contact the apartment’s rental office for the most current information.
Advertisement
You'll find that Hampden apartments and rentals in Baltimore are easy to find when you search on Move.com. At Move we make available for you the top apartment listings in Maryland, all in the exact location you want. In short, Move.com has redefined Hampden apartment rental listings to make finding a place to rent that matches your lifestyle and budget as easy as possible.
Should you be interested in Hampden apartments, Move.com has the best resources to assist you in finding what you are looking for. Our website is much more than a simple repository of basic information. On our website you'll also find extensive Baltimore apartment details such as apartment features, pricing, floor plans, pet policies, and much more. In addition, on Move.com you can access Hampden Hampden apartments on the market. In essence, this customization helps you find the Baltimore apartment you want in the shortest amount of time possible.
At Move.com you will find Hampden apartments that meet your lifestyle requirements. On our website you can search for an apartment in a particular part of Baltimore.
<|endofexample|>
.
Pigeon Hill
Any
Any
Any
No Preference
0 Selected
Save My Search
Search Neighborhood 26 14 Photos
$1,865 - $3,750
2003 South Meyers Rd, Oakbrook Terrace, IL, 60181 Map
We invite you to experience Simply Elegant Apartment Living at its Best!!!
For immediate assistance, call: (888)470-0206
See All 20 Photos
$1,350 - $2,105
1015 Preserve Avenue, Naperville, IL, 60564 Map
AMLI at River Run is located in the popular western Chicago suburb of Naperville, convenient to I-55...
For immediate assistance, call: (877)365-2389 33 Photos

Pigeon Hill apartments and rentals in Aurora are easy to find on Move.com. Unlike other websites and apartment listings, we can show you the best Illinois apartments in the exact location you want. Move.com has redefined Pigeon Hill rental listings and searches so that you can easily find a place to rent that matches your lifestyle and budget.
If you are interested in Pigeon Hill apartments, Move.com has the best tools to find what you are looking for. Our website is more than just a repository of basic information; it has extensive Aurora apartment details such as apartment features, pricing, floor plans, pet policies, and much more. Furthermore, on Move.com you can see Pigeon Hill Pigeon Hill apartments you care about. This customization allows you to find the apartment you want in the shortest amount of time possible.
Find Pigeon Hill apartments that suit your needs and lifestyle by searching on Move.com. From finding an apartment in a particular part of Aurora.
<|endofexample|>
Irin Evers takes Feeding Frenzy with THE JUNIOR DETECTIVES AND THE CITIES OF GOLD. Congratulations, Irin! You're the man!
Way to bring home the gold with the goods, Irin!
Irin, I hope there will be a feeding frenzy for all your screenplays now. Congratulations.
This is fantastic! :)
Hey, wait a minute! There was an earlier thread on this. I think we're losing track of all these wins that Irin's racking up.
But still...congrats again! :)
Congrats, Irin, way to go!
An impressive run of late, Irin. Congratulations!
Oh, Irin that's wonderful. Way to show us how its done.
Congrats Irin!!!
Building up a long list of success. WTG!
Fantastic, Irin! I love it when true talent is recognized... and that talent belongs to such a great guy.
Thanks all. Very nice of you.
KUDOS SIR IRIN
KUDOS SIR IRIN
Great job, Irin.
Okay, so, I saw the "news" that Irin won the Feeding Frenzy contest. It was posted at the top of the "News" on moviebytes on July 16th and so I started a thread to congratulate Irin. I forgot that we had gone through this a couple of weeks ago. I just thought Irin was winning EVERYTHING! But, I'm just explaining, not apologizing, cause you can't congratulate this guy too much. We all appreciate the recognition of our fellow writers. Now, some people on this BB seem to know Irin and they say he's a great guy, very deserving. I don't know him personally so I think he's a dog and that he plagiarized JUNIOR DETECTIVES from an unproduced script by the writing team of Eric Roth and Terry Rossio. I mean, think about it, he's beating ME in these contests! That alone should make his writing suspect. And what about that name Irin? Have you ever met a guy named Irin? I think it must be Serbian for "story pirate." So, maybe we should warn all the contests to watch out for this guy named Irin Evers and throw out any submissions in his name, especially scripts in the family, action, horror, historical and romance genres. Is anyone with me on this? Actually, I don't think Irin stole his script from Eric Roth and Terry Rossio. I think Eric Roth and Terry Rossion are using the pseudonym Irin Evers because they aren't eligible to enter contests since they have earned more than $10,000 writing for film and/or TV.
OMG.
You caught me. I'm really Shane Black. I just wanted to see if I could get some recognition without my name attached - like Eric Clapton in Derek and the Dominos!
I do appreciate the threads though.
And my "Irin" was made up by my parents who named me after my grandfather "Isaac" - "Isaac" wasn't so hip in 70's (unless you were a bartender on the Love Boat) so my parents made up an "I" name. Seriously.
And Calliope ain't doin' half bad!.
Irin Evers is one of the most honest writers I have the pleasure of knowing. There's no way he would continue to enter his work in contests he's not eligible for, not to mention if he became ineligible after entering, he has the integrity to be upfront and pull his work from that contest. He also doesn't have a jealous bone in his body and is truly happy when his peers succeed. It's always been his way with not only me both to my face and in emails, but to other writers I know as well. Including writers on this board.
Irin deserves our congrats for his accomplishments, not put-downs. His humor was misinterpreted and he deserves an apology.
I was just teasing. I think Terry was too. Maybe not, Terry?
I don't think I'd be spending all this money and time on contests just to screw you guys. But if you want me out of the contest circuit, help me sell a script! That'll get me out for good. I swear!
Kidding. (Am I?) Maybe I shouldn't write comedy?
Janet, you're nothing but a big cry baby. If you feel you can't compete against the likes of Irin, perhaps screenwriting isn't for you. This is a tough competitive business and there's no room for unskilled whiners. Can you spell amateur?
I thought Terry's message was a great example of guys kidding/complimenting each other and a great example of subtext in dialogue. Very funny and well done. Now, let's try to sell a script for Irin. :-)
it's the irin love fest thread. i'll throw my two cents in that he is charming and cute to boot!
he enters and wins so much stuff i can't keep track of it. is there a group for this addiction?
oh wait, that must be the moviebytes forum.
congrats my dear
again.
Gadzooks, folks, I was throwing Irin a compliment! Eric Roth and Terry Rossio are two of the most famous, highest paid screenwriters alive. Why in the world would they fiddle around with contests when they can pull a cool million just for adding their names to a project? I was suggesting that Irin's writing compares with that of two of the best. So settle down and pay attention!
Meanwhile, seriously, now, folks, let's get Irin banned from competitions. There must be something we can do. Let's hire a detective to look into every little detail of his life until we come up with something disqualifying. Maybe he has a second cousin once removed whose stepfather once worked as the assistant to a PA for someone who was once a reader for the Nicholl Fellowships. Maybe he once mowed Quentin Tarantino's lawn. Maybe he didn't pay for his popcorn at an AMC movie theater. There MUST be SOMETHING! Put your thinking caps on, folks, or none of us will ever again get to add "Winner" to our resume and the BB will erode to one never-ending thread entitled "CONGRATULATIONS, AGAIN, IRIN."
Children, children, now lets calm down, it was just a little teasing between the boys. You know how boys can be.
So everyone take a deep breath, there it's all better.
Now Irin and Terry go to your seperate corners, stop with the spitballs. Shame on you's two.
Eric stop pulling Janet's braids, she doesn't like that and you know it, remember the last time you put that spider on her shoulder, so be nice.
Now everyone get back to your desks and get to work.
evie
MB Preschool
I would just like to add that I have nothing to add.
I didn't either but I couldn't help!
Janet,
Dont be so bummed about Page. A lot of people made QF and nothing happend. I think we should all pitch in and move Irin to an island somewhere out west. Maby once he gets in the sun for a while it will kill some creative brain cells. With his Gucci top siders and warm leather seats to keep his time occupied, oh dont forget the boat, and lots of girls, lots of girls, his mind will wander off and everyone can get back to normal. How about it I.... Sound good to you....
How about a contest fee surcharge? Every contest could add a $1 surcharge to its fee to be paid to Irin to not enter. That would put some serious cash in a good man's pocket and level the playing field for the rest of us.
Let's throw him a party and kick his a....that way we can break his hands so he can't write....he'll probably write with his mouth...damn
boys, boys did it ever occur to you that Irin knows somebody that knows somebody that knows somebody that knows somebootie, opps.
Jean, you're the flower child, jump in here, ya know 'the everything is beautiful in it's own way', kinda thing. That sunshine, lolipops and rainbows everything..., ya know or is it Bobby McGhee, Janice Joplin kinda thing?
okay I'm done.
evie
Lady Day, Anita O'Day, Sassy, Hawk, Coltrane, Miles, Chet Baker, Dexter Gordon, Ben Webster, Houston Person, Roy Hargrove...now you're talking.
jean, by any chance were you at Woodstock? Ravi Shankar, Jimi Hendrixs, ya know that hippie stuff.
evie
Hardly my scene, Evie. :(
Don't let her kid you MB high, little Jean was at our campground at woodstock. She passed on any extra curricular activities, as she wrote the day away. With flowers in her hair, the smell of patchouli comming from her 67 volkswagen van and thoughts and sounds of music filled the air. She danced in the rain and not a care in the world, left her mellow mind at ease to take in all her surrounding's.
Pachouli is the money incense. :)
E,
You might need a new mouse!
ya think
evie
this is getting real tired.
Register here to receive MovieBytes' FREE email newsletter featuring contest deadline reminders, news, articles, and much more. Choose a password to access the MovieBytes bulletin board and other great features.
<|endofexample|>
Movie Categories
Action Movies Adventure Movies After Hours Movies B-Western Movies Biography Movies Black Culture Movies Captioned Movies Cartoons Movies Classic Movies Classic TV Movies Comedy Movies Commercials Movies Documentary Movies Drama Movies Family Movies Film Festival Movies Film Noir Movies Foreign Movies Health Movies Horror Movies Indie Movies Literature Movies Martial Arts Movies Musical Movies Mystery Movies Religion Movies Romance Movies Sci-Fi Movies Science Movies Serials Movies Silent Movies Thriller Movies Trailers Movies War Movies Westerns Movies WWII Movies
<|endofexample|>
Instantly.…
- Lethal Weapon
L.A. cop Martin Riggs (Mel Gibson), whose wife has recently died, is a loose cannon with a seeming death wish. This makes him indispensable in collaring dangerous criminals, but a liability to any potential partners.…
-…
- Charlie's Angels
They're beautiful, they're brilliant, and they can kick your butt -- the most glamorous private eyes in the world are back in action in this big-screen adaptation of the popular '70s television series.…
<|endofexample|>
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Sean Maher (born April 16, 1975 in Pleasantville, New York) is an American actor, best known for his role as Simon Tam in the science fiction television series Firefly and follow up movie Serenity. Description above from the Wikipedia article Sean Maher, licensed under CC-BY-SA,full list of contributors on Wikipedia.
<|endofexample|>
Grown Ups 2
Hotel Transylvania
The Wedding Singer
Here Comes the Boom
That's My Boy
Jack and Jill
Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star
Zookeeper
Just Go With It
Grown Ups
Funny People
The Shortcut
Movies.com, the ultimate source for everything movies, is your destination for new movie trailers, reviews, photos, times, tickets + more! Stay in the know with the latest movie news and cast interviews at Movies.com.
<|endofexample|>
Brig. Babette is recruited as part of a scheme to help British military intelligence foil a German plot to invade England. The idea is for Babette to use her good looks to win the confidence of German officers and learn...more
All Babette s'en va-t-en Guerre cast + crew photos
Movies.com, the ultimate source for everything movies, is your destination for new movie trailers, reviews, photos, times, tickets + more! Stay in the know with the latest movie news and cast interviews at Movies.com.
<|endofexample|>
Skip navigation - Skip to Search
choose your movie
More Movies? Go to Advanced Search
Address
150 Langley Drive
Brannon Crossing Centre
Nicholasville, KY 40356
(888) 943-4567
Directions
Located in the new Brannon Crossing Shopping Center off Nicholasville Road, 1.3 miles South of Man O' War Blvd..
9:45
(12:45), (3:45)
(12:40)
(1:20), (4:25), 7:30, 10:35
(12:50), (1:50), (3:55), (4:55), 7:00, 8:00, 10:05
(12:30), (12:45), (3:30), (3:45), 6:30, 6:45, 9:30, 9:45
(1:15), (4:15), 7:15, 10:15
6:45
(2:55), (5:10), 7:25, 9:50
(12:15), (1:30), (1:45), (2:00), (3:15), (4:30), (4:45), (5:00), 6:15, 7:30, 7:45, 8:00, 9:15, 10:30, 10:40
(1:00), (2:15), (4:00), (5:15), 7:00, 8:15, 10:00
<|endofexample|>
I haven't be able to paly with the powermate (I scrash that idea, cus I'll be using the steering wheel controls to control FP) so I don't know how many prog keystrokes can simulate (4? 5?) cus in sett1/key shorcuts3 you can set playlist up and down and the same with dirlist (I have my KB set to the default to E,G and W,Q) but I kind of guess that you already know that
Thanatos.
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
Useful Links & Resources
- The Partnership for Philanthropic Planning is a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization serving people and organizations that work together to make charitable giving most meaningful.
-
- The Planned Giving Group of New England is an association of charitable gift planning professionals representing the New England states of Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont.
- The American Council on Gift Annuities actively promotes responsible philanthropy through actuarially sound gift annuity rate recommendations, quality training opportunities, and the advocacy of appropriate consumer protection.
- The primary mission of Planned Giving Design Center, LLC is to develop products and services for the charitable gift and estate planning industry that assist others in their efforts to increase philanthropy.
<|endofexample|>
Watch Episodes
Black Nouveau - #2111
December 9, 2012
[Original Airdate: November 28, 2012] Black Nouveau highlights the metal art of Pharaoh Giles; celebrates former Channel 4 Anchor/Reporter Bill Taylor's induction into the NATAS Silver Circle; examines "Acceptance Journeys," a campaign designed to lower the HIV rate; and, discusses the importance of being tested for HIV. Joanne Williams hosts.
<|endofexample|>
Imagine the audacity of wanting to dispose of your own money as you see fit? The idea is hateful to Bill Scher of the Huffington Post, who demanded in “Super Wealthy Deathly Afraid Estate Tax Would Reduce Deficit [1]” on March 9 that the wealthy “pay their fair share.”
Scher railed against the Bush tax cuts, and asserted that a 35-45 percent inheritance penalty (the estate tax or death tax [2]) isn’t punitive enough to stem the deficit crisis.
“But those massive tax breaks to the superwealthy don’t quite have the same juice they used to. Especially, the estate tax – levied on the inheritances of the wealthiest heirs in
But all that wealth is not lost to redistribution forever. “But in 2011, it returns! Inheritance income above the $2 million threshold would be subject to a 55% tax. And after fanning the flames of deficit hysteria to squelch progressive reforms, corporate lobbyists are terrified that the estate tax would actually help reduce the deficit.”
Citing a Bloomberg report saying, “‘a revived estate tax at pre-2001 levels would collect more than $34 billion next year and about $410 billion through 2019.’ The wealthiest heirs having to pay their fair share and help cut the deficit. The horror!”
As the National Taxpayers Union [3] and Daniel J. Mitchell of the Cato Institute [4] note, truth is the “estate tax” hampers job-creation, promotes the concentration of wealth, hits minorities particularly hard (reminiscent of “sin” taxes), and contributed just 1.14 percent to federal revenue in 2008.
And as previous reported by the Business and Media Institute [5], the
But Scher could grasp neither the practical reality nor the immorality of confiscatory taxes on legal, fairly earned wealth. “What’s stunning.”
But those greedy rich aren’t satisfied.
“A $10 million exemption and a 35% rate above that is not very sweet at all,” Scher continues, alluding to previous proposals from Senators Jon Kyl (R-AZ) and Blanche Lincoln (D-AK) to lower the rate. “It’s a bitter windfall to the Paris Hilton set. But thanks to the combination of their greed, and their exploitation of deficit hysteria, the superwealthy may actually have to pay their fair share on their inheritances after all.”
In a world where the top-10 [6] percent of income-earners in
Like this article? Then sign up for our newsletter, The Balance Sheet [7]
<|endofexample|>
Not a member yet?REGISTER!
Valkyrie is the most elaborate and expensive anti-smoking public-service announcement ever to be made – and it’s all thanks to the health consciousness of Der Fuhrer.
I'm guessing that this film's ending was actually forced on Bruckheimer by director Joel Schumacher and that we'll see a whole slew of "alternate" endings on the DVD. Here's a preview.
This film moves about as fast as Stewart talks.
This particular rating belongs strictly to its own class of film, which is the "hi, I made this movie in my backyard with my digital camera for no money and please review it, Mr. Cranky, please."
"Save my dog!"
In order to make this film more than an hour long, there are two small subplots involving a pig farmer and the woman he wants to marry, and a young boy and a priest. To the film's credit, the second subplot does not involve a game of "Find Jesus in My Pants."
For me, the entertainment value of country music ranks right up there with accidentally sticking my hand in a hornet's nest and having a knitting needle plunged through one of my testicles. Simultaneously.
"Give me an A! Give mean N! Give me a G, S, T! What does that spell? ANGST! ANGST! Yay!"
Heavy-handed sermons regarding the idea that no one on Wall Street produces anything of value, that ideas are as worthless as dirt and that an honest day's work trumps pretty much any other career choice. In essence, it's like your grandfather screaming at you during Thanksgiving dinner, only instead of the incontinence and suspenders we get smug self-righteousness from a director who…pretty much has never worked an honest day in his life.
I don't like clay.
It goes something like, "Wow, here come the aliens. You never expressed your love, Dad!" It's that awkward.
I wonder how many of these idiot commanders who walked around the combat zone like Robert Duvall in "Apocalypse Now" ended up with their brains splattered across the battlefield like lukewarm marmalade.
Here's this film in a nutshell: "Heathers" meets "Kids".
I have the same reaction to watching Michelle Pfeiffer's movies as I do to eating veal.
Director Rob Reiner and writer Nora Ephron are to blame for starting the entire genre of "Meg dates Schlub" films.
I think it's relevant now to stop and consider that young men masturbate to pictures of Jessica Rabbit.
This is the kind of film that drives most people completely insane.
With a nagging wife, three screaming kids, and no prospect for ever being free from burden again, it's no wonder that Michel can't function without superficial approval.
I sat through this entire movie watching a wizened Michael Douglas and thinking to myself, "Holy shit. That scrawny old man is bumping his scraggly gray pubes against the groin of Catherine Zeta-Jones."
When Oliver Stone is scared to be Oliver Stone, then it's too early for him to examine any kind of cultural event.
© 2001 - 2013. ShadowCulture's Mr. Cranky is in no way affiliated with The Cranky Critic, nor is ShadowCulture's Mr. Cranky in any way affiliated with any goods or services bearing The Cranky Critic mark.
<|endofexample|>
3/3/13
Topic: How not to get blindsided by your child’s teen years
Issues: What’s so different about today’s culture? Parenting practices to avoid; parenting practices that really work; accepting that perfection is impossible; why conflict is the precursor to change.
3/10/13..
<|endofexample|>
Andre HAUSMANN was born 1 June 1811 in Neunhoffen, Alsace, France. His parents were Frederick HAUSMANN and Marie Anne HAGELSTEIN. On 22 Feb 1841, he married Barbe WOLFF in Neunhoffen. Barbe WOLFF was born 30 November 1806 in Kutzenhausen, Alsace, France. Her parents were Joseph WOLFF and Theresa FRANK. Andre died on 11 December 1870 in Neunhoffen.
Their children were:
Christine HAUSMANN born 21 April 1841 in Neunhoffen. She died 23 October 1841 in Neunhoffen.
Barbe HAUSMANN born 10 September 1843 in Neunhoffen. She died 6 January 1846 in Neunhoffen.
George HAUSMANN born 11 June 1845 in Neunhoffen. He married Victoria ZERGER on 7 February 1786 in Tiffin, Seneca County, Ohio. He died on 11 January 1933 in Toledo, Lucas County, Ohio.
If you would like to collaborate on this line, please email me at genwishlist@gmail.com.
<|endofexample|>
Orphanage, The (El orfanato) Showtimes and Tickets
Read Movie Reviews about Orphanage, The (El orfanato) Write a Movie Review for Orphanage, The (El orfanato)
Dvd Release Date: 2008-04-29
Genre: Drama, Horror
Rating: R
Duration: 1hr 45min
Synopsis... and Crew
- Starring
Belen Rueda
Geraldine Chaplin
Fernando Cayo
Montserrat Carulla
Mabel Rivera
- Directed by Juan Antonio Bayona
- Produced by Guillermo del Toro, Mar Targarona, Alvaro Augustin, JoaquÃn Padro
- Written by Sergio G SÃ¡nchez
<|endofexample|>
- Designers >
- Raf Simons >
- All
Raf Simons. Since 2012, Mr Simons has been creative director of Christian Dior as well.
- Highly acclaimed menswear designer
- Perfect for both classic and cutting-edge
- Don't miss the dip-dye pieces this season
Raf Simons
- All
- Accessories
- Clothing
- Shoes
- Product view
- Outfit view
<|endofexample|>
- Editors' Notes
- Size & Fit
Size & Fit
- Fits true to size. Take your normal size
- Relaxed cut
- Model's height is 6'1"/ 185cm, chest 39"/ 99cm; he's wearing a Medium
View the product measurements
- Details & Care
Details & Care
- 100% cotton
- Machine wash
- Available in other colours
- Free Delivery & Returns
shipping to the United States
shipping to the United States
<|endofexample|>
Yves Saint Laurent
Malibu Panelled Leather SneakersWas $440 Now $220 50% off
- Editors' Notes
Editors' NotesInject a casual outfit with character this spring with Yves Saint Laurent's all-white sneakers. An ideal warm-weather footwear choice, this low-top panelled-leather pair will ensure all-day comfort. Wear them with an open-neck Oxford shirt and cargo shorts to explore on a weekend city break. Shown here with an A.P.C. jacket, Burberry Prorsum shirt, Alexander McQueen trousers, Pantherella socks and Anderson's belt.
- Size & Fit
Size & Fit
- European sizing
- Fits true to size. Take your normal size
- Only available in full sizes, go up to the nearest whole size if you take a half size
View the product measurements
- Details & Care
Details & Care
- White leather low-top sneakers
- Woven panels, grey stitching, perforated round toe, rubber sole
- Upper: leather/fabric; inner: leather; sole: rubber
- Come in a designer dust bag
- Made in Spain
- Free Delivery & Returns
<|endofexample|>
Bottega Veneta
V-Neck Polo ShirtWas $340 Now $102 70% off
- Editors' Notes
Editors' NotesA quirky V-neck detail gives this Bottega Veneta cream cotton polo shirt a modern twist. Fresh and informal, it will bring effortless style to your off-duty wardrobe. The neutral tone will compliment a biscuit and chestnut palette. Shown here with a Gucci jacket, Dolce & Gabbana trousers and Billy Reid shoes.
- Size & Fit
Size & Fit
- Italian sizing
- Fits true to size. Take your normal size
- Regular cut
- Model's height is 6'1"/ 185cm, chest 38"/ 96cm; he's wearing an IT 48
View the product measurements
- Details & Care
Details & Care
- Cream V-neck polo shirt
- Ribbed collar and cuffs
- 100% cotton
- Machine washable
- Made in Italy
- Free Delivery & Returns
<|endofexample|>
Maison Martin Margiela
Lace-Up Suede SneakersWas $475 Now $237.50 50% off
- Editors' Notes
Editors' NotesIn keeping with the founding designer's ultra-low profile, Maison Martin Margiela's black suede sneakers are the epitome of understated style. Simple and sleek, this pair features the signature numerical patch on the tongue and white stitching at the heel. Wear them to show your appreciation for discreet luxury. Shown here with an Acne sweater, McQ Alexander McQueen jeans
- Black suede sneakers
- Designer patch at tongue, signature designer stitching at back, round toe, cream laces, elasticated tongue, raised inner sole, rubber sole
- Lace-up front
- Outer: leather; lining: leather and fabric; sole: rubber
- Made in Italy
- Come with individual dust bags
- Available in other colours
- Free Delivery & Returns
<|endofexample|>
SEC. 29-5-83. Restrictions on travel and occupancy of grounds.
Public travel in and occupancy of the grounds under the authority of the office of general services described in section 29-5-81 shall be restricted to the roads, walks and places prepared for that purpose by paving or otherwise. It is forbidden to occupy the roads, walks or places in such grounds in such manner as to obstruct or hinder their proper use.
SOURCES: Codes, 1942, Secs. 8952-18, 8952-19; Laws, 1972, ch. 326, Secs. 19, 20; 1984, ch. 488, Sec. 22, eff from and after July 1, 1984.
<|endofexample|>
Ellen Challeff, Division updated Jan 8, 2013 05:45 PM
A student-produced video from Division.
by AVN on Mar 8, 2013 10:40 AM
The latest episode of High School Life is hosted by River Dell's Tori Schettino and Jack Dunlop. It features videos from River Dell, Wayne Hills, Shabazz, Glen Cove, Harborfields, IHA and Fair Lawn.
<|endofexample|>
Top 100 Long Island baseball players
Danny Aguilo, Elmont, P, Jr.: Tied a state record with 21 strikeouts in a no-hitter last year as a sophomore. Had a 4-2 record with 66 strikeouts in 40 innings.
Chris Anderson, West Islip, P, Sr.: Part of excellent 1-2 pitching punch at West Islip. Three-year starter who was 4-1 with three saves last year. Had 41 strikeouts in 35 innings.
Anthony Annunziata, Eastport/South Manor, 2B, Sr.: A senior second baseman with great range, who also hit .430 with 23 RBI.
Mat Annunziata, Eastport-South Manor, 3B, Soph.: The All-State selection, who batted .440 with 6 home runs and 30 RBI. Very athletic and hits with power to all fields. He is a D-I blue chip recruit.
Chris Appell, Clarke, P, Sr.: He batted .410 with 15 doubles and 21 RBI. He was also 4-0 on the mound with a 2.74 ERA and 31 K’s in 23 innings.
Matt Ballone, West Babylon, 2B, Sr.: Four-year varsity starter, who hit .435 with 5 home runs and 15 stolen bases. He had three walk off hits last year and helped West Babylon win first league title in 12 years.
Brian Bilello, Lynbrook, C, Sr.: All-Conference who batted .419 with 3 home runs and 29 RBI. Headed to Concordia College.
Joe Booker, Port Jefferson, CF, Jr.: He slammed six home runs and drove in 25 runs as a sophomore.
Nick Bottari, Shoreham-WR, 1B, Soph.: One of Long Island’s blue chip prospects, batted .500 as a freshman with 32 hits, 25 RBI, .812 slugging percentage.
Patrick Bryant, Center Moriches, P, Soph.: Athletic, hard-throwing right with mid 80’s fastball, who can play any infield position.
Ralph Caccavale, Plainedge, SS, Sr.: Moves from second base to shortstop where he made three errors in 104 chances. Batted .365 with 17 RBI and 15 stolen bases.
James Carr, Manhasset, C, Sr.: He hit .410 with 22 hits, 10 stolen bases and 18 RBI for the Indians.
Brian Castles, Sachem East, SS, Sr.: All-County selection, who batted .434 with a 523 on base percentage.
Joe Chiaramonte, MacArthur, P, Sr.: He had a 5-2 record with a 1.41 ERA and 55 strikeouts in 44.2 innings pitched.
Will Cheshire, MacArthur, CF, Sr.: All-County selection that batted .397 with 9 doubles and 3 triples.
John Colby, Hauppauge, CF, Sr.: Quickness helps him cover a lot of ground and he batted .351 with 10 extra base hits. Among the very best OF’s on Long Island this year.
Christian Colletti, South Side, P, Sr.: Struck out 55 in 44 innings with a 2.55 ERA. Transferred from Holy Trinity and flourished.
Mike Columbi, Center Moriches, P, Soph.: Excellent all-around athlete that struck out 32 in 39 innings as a freshman.
Terrence Connelly, Chaminade, SS, Sr. : First player in 14 years and 4th player in 86-year history of Chaminade baseball to play varsity as a sophomore. Batted .371 and made only three errors in 127 chances last season. He’ll attend UNC-Wilmington.
Ryan Craig, Smithtown East, P, Sr.: Hard-throwing righty who will attend Belmont Abbey.
Matt Crohan, Riverhead, P, Sr.: The 6-2, 195-pound hard-throwing lefthander, with a fastball clocked between 85-88 mph. Had a 2-1 record and a 1.50 ERA as a sophomore.
Justin Cusano, Smithtown East, P, Sr.: Another of LI’s outstanding pitchers, who was 5-1 last year. Mixes three pitches and is very smart. Has committed to Adelphi.
Anthony Dedona, Bethpage, C, Sr.: Finished junior season with home runs in three straight games. Had .393 average, 6 homers and 26 RBI.
Joe Devito, St. John the Baptist, SS, Sr.: He batted .385 as a junior and he’s a slick fielder.
Nick DiSanza, West Babylon, CF, Sr.: The four-year starter has tremendous speed, a 6.58 60-yard dash, and can play multiple positions. Will attend Odessa JC in Texas.
Mark Donadio, Mt. Sinai, C, Jr.: All-State selection who batted .388 with 31 hits and 32 RBI and 20 runs scored.
Mike Donadio, Mt. Sinai, SS, Jr.: All-County selection with a .373 average, 24 RBI, 22 runs scored.
John Dondero, East Islip, CF, Sr.: Speedy centerfielder, who batted .370 with 22 RBI last year. Will attend Queens College.
Nick Duarte, Port Washington, C, Jr.: One of Nassau’s outstanding backstops, who batted .316 last season as a sophomore.
Gregg Egan, St. John the Baptist, P, Sr.: One of top pitchers in CHSAA. Opened season with 1-0 shut out of Chaminade.
James English, Smithtown West, P, Sr.: The Suffolk League III Pitcher of the Year as a junior. Overpowering fastball.
Jake Faraci, Plainview JFK, P, Sr.: Four-year varsity starter who had a 1.17 ERA as a junior.
Brandon Fischer, Northport, P, Sr.: The righty was 5-1 with an ERA of 2.05. He’ll be the staff ace.
Chris Gaffney, St. John the Baptist, C, Jr.: Considered by many to be a top defensive prospect. Quick release, blocks and receives well.
Charles Galiano, Commack, C, Sr.: The All-Suffolk backstop batted .368 with 5 home runs, 12 doubles and 22 RBI. He has excellent blocking and receiving skills.
Andruw Gazzola, Longwood, SS, Soph.: All-League I as a freshman, hits to all fields, batted .355 with 14 RBI. Soft hands in the infield with plus arm.
Jordan Goldman, West Babylon, SS, Sr.: Rangy middle infielder with strong arm, who batted .345 last season for Suffolk League IV champions.
Billy Goncalves, Eastport/South Manor, P, Sr.: The 6-5, 255-pounder slammed 4 home runs and hit .355 for the Sharks. He is also imposing on the mound. He’ll attend Dowling College.
Dave Groeneveld, St. Anthony’s, 1B, Sr.: Batted .370 with two home runs as a junior. He has power to all fields.
Joe Guercio, Kings Park, P, Jr.: The 6-3, 185-pound righthander finished with a 7-1 record and one save while compiling a 1.58 ERA. Struck out 47 in 53 innings.
Robbie Healey, East Meadow, SS, Sr.: All-County selection, who batted .465. Excellent range and strong arm at shortstop.
Matt Hinchy, Miller Place, SS, Sr.: He was hitting over .500 when his season ended due to injury. Big time athlete.
Sam Ilario, West Islip, OF, Soph.: A dynamite hitter, with a .423 average and 20 RBI as a freshman.
Mike Jeannetti, Island Trees, P, Sr.: He’s a three-year starter who batted .341 with 3 home runs and 18 RBI. Had a 7-3 record with 66 innings pitched, a school record, 80 strikeouts and 1.79 ERA.
Cody Johnson, North Shore, P, Sr.: Recorded a 10-4 record with 114 strikeouts in 92 innings and a 1.17 ERA. Struck out 17 in a one-hit win over Manhasset. He is headed to Fordham University.
Alex Katz, Herricks, P, Sr.: The hard-throwing lefty struck out 49 batters in 23.2 innings. He struck out 15 in six innings a one-hit performance over MacArthur. He is headed to St. John’s University.
Nick Kaywood, MacArthur, 3B, Sr.: Led the Generals with 28 RBI and a .354 batting average.
Bryce Keller, Port Washington, P, Jr.: Had a 1.89 ERA and 47 strikeouts in 37 innings and three complete games as a junior.
Doug Kraeger, Kellenberg, 1B, Sr.: Power hitter at 6-3, 210 pounds, who batted .293 with 13 RBI as a junior. Will attend the University of Richmond.
Alex Kucich, Friends Academy, C, Sr.: Team captain who batted .380 as a junior for Quakers.
Jake Kurz, St. Anthony’s, P, Sr.: Hard-throwing righty with command of three pitches, the staff ace.
Brian Lau, Oceanside, C, Jr.: Batted .295 as a sophomore and lauded for his defensive skills.
David Leiderman, Bellmore JFK, 2B, Sr.: He batted .470 with 21 RBI and three game-winning hits. He is headed to Hofstra University.
Vin Maietta, St. Mary’s, SS, Sr.: Sure handed middle infielder with strong arm. Range is biggest asset.
Tyler Manez, Plainedge, P, Sr.: A Newsday All-Long Island second team selection, struck out 81 in 41 innings and had a 6-1 record. He will play at Elon University in North Carolina.
Anthony Martelli, Valley Stream North, SS, Jr.: Leader of a young team, had three wins as a sophomore, and a .335 batting average.
Lenny Martinez, Division, 2B, Sr.: Hit .309 with 18 RBI as Division earned the LI Class A title.
P.J. Martino, Patchogue-Medford, P, Soph: Crafty pitcher with four pitches, who will emerge as No. 2 starter for Raiders.
Louis Matarazzo, South Side, 3B, Jr.: Big time hitter with .475 average, 6 home runs and 31 RBI a year ago.
Dalton McCarthy, Eastport/South Manor, 1B, Sr.: The return of 6-7, 225-pound senior first baseman, who missed all of last season, is a boost to a lineup.
Ryan McCormack, Massapequa, P, Sr.: Power pitcher at 6-3 who can overpower teams. Will play at St. John’s and has much upside.
Brian McKean, Connetquot, P, Jr.: Versatility a plus. Excellent righty with mid 80’s fastball and a plus curveball. Batted .346 as sophomore.
Billy McLean, Wheatley, C, Soph.: Versatile player who hit .400 as a freshman.
Cody McPartland, Miller Place, P, Soph.: He was 6-2 with a 1.36 ERA as a freshman. Big and strong pitcher, with mid 80’s fastball.
Louis Mele, Island Trees, 3B, Jr.: Another standout for the Bulldogs who can swing it to a .400 average and play the hot corner.
Steve Miller, Plainedge, 1B, Sr.: All-County selection batted .527 and set a school record for hits with 39. The big-time hitter had 4 home runs and 37 RBI and will attend York College (PA).
Rob Moore, Longwood, SS, Sr.: Regarded as a natural hitter with a .377 average and 21 runs scored as a junior. Headed to pay for St. Peter’s next year.
Frank Moscatiello, Rocky Point, So., P: Righty with command of three pitches, including heavy fastball and dominant curveball.
Dan Muller, Garden City, OF, Sr.: He hit .392 with 12 RBI and 14 stolen bases.
Mike Napolitano, Hauppauge, C, Sr.: Back from shoulder surgery and hitting with power to all fields. Quick release, one of LI’s better arms.
Seth Noreman, Plainview JFK, DH, Sr.: Had Tommy John surgery but he will hit for the Hawks. Had four home runs and a .310 average as a junior.
Mike O’Reilly, Shoreham-Wading River, P, Sr.: The first team Newsday All-Long Island selection compiled a 9-0 pitching record, 1.93 ERA and struck out 93 in 57 innings. He’s headed to Flagler College in Florida.
Dave Palmer, East Islip, P, Soph.: The 6-4 righty is in his third year of varsity ball, with a mid 80’s fastball and excellent curveball.
Jack Parenty, Holy Trinity, 2B, Sr.: CHSAA Player of the Year who batted .423 with 23 stolen bases. Four-year starter headed to Stony Brook University.
Matt Phillips, Floral Park, IF, Sr.: Three-year starter and All-Conference selection who hit .414 and only struck out three times.
Tyler Piccolo, Rocky Point, SS, Jr.: He batted .410 with two home runs and 18 RBI and 15 stolen bases.
Lukas Pracher, Manhasset, SS, Jr.: All-County selection, smooth infielder with soft hands, who started as a freshman.
T.J. Riccio, Comsewogue, C, Sr.: Excellent all-around catcher will attend New Haven.
Billy Reidel, Glenn, C, Jr.: All-League selection who batted .340 with 25 RBI.
Mike Rizzitello, Connetquot, C, Sr.: Hit .358 with 21 runs scored and 18 RBI as a junior. Will attend Dowling College.
Kevin Roach, MacArthur, P, Sr.: Will be counted on to compliment Joe Chiaramonte in starting rotation that can win county title.
Alex Robinson, Holy Trinity, Sr., P: Big lefty with a 90-plus fastball, who threw a no-hitter against St. Anthony’s while striking out 17. He was 6-1 with 70 strikeouts in 40 innings and an ERA of 1.40. He will play at University of Maryland.
Billy Rombauts, East Islip, OF, Jr.: He hit .340 with 17 RBI and will be a key to the Redmen running to the Suffolk League III title.
Anthony Rosati, Holy Trinity, P, Sr.: Powerful righthander transferred from St. John the Baptist and sat out his junior year. Working with former major leaguer Neal Heaton, has command of a 90-plus fastball, changeup and a curveball. He will play at St. John’s University.
C.J. Schildt, Hauppauge, P, Sr.: He’ll be the staff ace after a 6-3 junior campaign with two saves and a 2.75 ERA. He also batted .427 with 35 hits and 20 RBI.
Noah Shullman, Bellmore JFK, SS, Sr.: One of county leaders with .575 average and seven home runs.
Joey Schultheis, Bethpage, P, Sr.: Hit .439 with 22 RBI and two home runs as a junior.
Justin Schwartz, West Babylon, P, Sr.: In Eagles starting rotation since he was a freshman, Was 5-1 last year, including shut out over Hills West.
Joe Siringo, Oyster Bay, P, Sr.: The hard-throwing righty pitched in back-to-back Long Island Class B championships. The Newsday All-Long Island second teamer struck out 153 batters in 74 innings and has a 15-1 overall record over two years. He is headed to Sacred Heart.
Ken Skon, Lindenhurst, 1B, Sr.: He batted .508 with 24 RBI, 23 runs scored as a junior. The big hitter can hit for power to all fields.
Dan Smith, Miller Place, 1B, Sr.: Led Long Island with 9 home runs and batted .476 as a junior.
Harry Smith, Carey, CF, Sr.: He had four home runs and 21 RBI and a .361 average as a junior.
Stephen Stafford, Plainview JFK, P, Sr.: Had a 4-1 record with a 2.13 ERA and opponents only hit .167 against him.
Luke Stampfl, Hills West, P, Jr.: He had an unreal sophomore year batting .506. He added a 1.70 ERA on the hill – major prospect.
Christian Stancavage, West Islip, P, Sr.: Had a 4-3 record, and all three losses were by one run. The three-year starter had a 2.15 ERA.
Dylan Steigerwald, St. John the Baptist, SS, Jr.: Smooth middle infielder, with excellent range and strong arm. A defensive delight.
Anthony Tesoriero, East Rockaway, 3B, Sr.: He struck out 35 in 35 innings and added a .340 batting average with 10 RBI and 19 runs scored.
Tyler Theiss, Deer Park, C, Soph.: Batted .476 with 15 doubles and 23 RBI for Falcons. Cannon for an arm behind the dish.
Dominic Torres, Uniondale, C, Sr.: All-County selection who batted .450 with 27 RBI as a junior.
Chris Tracz, Plainview JFK, C, Soph.: A lefthanded hitting catcher with tremendous power. Rifle arm and excellent receiving skills. A D-I prospect.
Frank Trimarco, Calhoun, P, Sr.: All-County selection who had a 6-1 pitching record as a junior.
Ricardo Tross, Elmont, 2B, Sr.: He had a 5-2 record last season with a 2.97 ERA and 61 strikeouts in 31 innings.
Chris Trotta, Seaford, 3B, Sr.: Three-year starter, who had 20 RBI, 27 hits, 15 runs scored and a .422 average.
Vin Valela, Lindenhurst, 2B, Sr.: Sweet lefty swing, who batted .423 with an on base percentage of .555.
Danny Vargas, Deer Park, C, Soph.: Pure hitter with power to all fields. Moved to Deer Park via Brooklyn. Watch out for this great athlete with all five tools.
Tom Viverito, Calhoun, OF, Sr.: Sweet swinging outfielder, that hit .400 and added a 5-0 pitching record.
Matt Vogel, Patchogue-Medford, P, Jr.: Pre-season All America selection and Newsday first team All-Long Island. Righty with 90-plus fastball and full repertoire, who had a 9-1 record and 0. 34 ERA as a sophomore. Struck out 103 batters in 61 innings. Early verbal commit to Division I powerhouse South Carolina.
Max Watt, Babylon, P, Sr.: Righty Max Watt, who was 5-3 with 4 saves and a 1.98 ERA and had 69 strikeouts in 57 innings.
Craig Weber, Mineola, OF, Jr.: He had 24 hits, a .421 average and 15 RBI. Two-time All-Conference selection.
Alex Weingarten, Lynbrook, P, Sr.: All-Conference selection who was 5-2 with a 1.20 ERA. He went a stretch of 28 innings without giving up an earned run, including a 14 strikeout game against Lawrence. He finished the season with 66 strikeouts in 52 innings.
Greg Weissert, Bay Shore, P, Jr.: Marauders top pitcher with command of four pitches and mid 80’s fastball. Versatile athlete.
Greg Welch, Wantagh, OF, Sr.: He batted .422 and struck out an average of 1.5 batters per inning for the Warriors.
Brad Witkowski, Lindenhurst, SS, Jr.: Had a 5-1 record as a sophomore with a 1.28 ERA and a 0.96 whip. The staff ace for sure.
Steve Woods, Hills East, P, Jr.: He batted .362 as a sophomore but his contributions came on the mound with 23 strikeouts in 18 innings.
Think a baseball player from your school is deserving? Email Gregg Sarra at gsarra@cablevision.com. Don't forget to 'catch' a list of the Top 25 catchers on Long Island, coming this Easter weekend.
<|endofexample|>
Quirk: Farewell to a legendary coach
It’s the type of story they make Hollywood movies about, although if you pitched this to Disney they might tell you it’s a bit of a stretch.
No way coach Vin Ascolese coaches long enough to stand on the sideline with his grandson Vinny. No way after fifty years of coaching does Ascolese still have it, and there’s certainly no way North Bergen beats double-digit favorite Montclair in the state championship in Ascolese’s last game.
But as the saying goes, that’s why they play the games.
In what can only be called the most fitting of endings to a remarkable career that has spanned five decades, Ascolese’s North Bergen Bruins upset Montclair 14-13 in the North 2 Group 4 finals. It was the best finish ever at MetLife Stadium and certainly one of the best in state finals history.
“Number one,” Ascolese said of where this game ranks all-time in his book. “I really can’t believe it, it’s a miracle. We did it. We did it.”
The Bruins jumped out to an 8-0 lead after Eric McMullen’s 9-yard touchdown run but would find themselves trailing 13-8 at the half after two Khalif Herbin touchdowns for the Mounties. The score would stay that way until the very last drive of the game.
With :02 on the clock and the Bruins driving, quarterback Sergio Rodriguez rushed his team to the line for a spike and the chance at one final play. With 22 yards separating North Bergen from its fairytale ending, Rodriguez locked in on wide out Debray Tavares and lofted a ball high above triple coverage.
“I knew he would catch it and I knew we would win this game,” said the always-confident Vinny, who in fairness said this team would win states before the season even started. “I wanted this so badly for my grandfather and I’m just so happy to get it for him, what a game, what a year.”
Tavares ascended high into the night sky and when the four players separated, No. 3 in white had the ball and the massive celebration was on. Players and coaches cried and embraced one another, not entirely sure they had actually seen what just took place.
“This beats anything that I ever did in 50 years,” said coach Ascolese. “It means everything to me. I can’t even believe it.”
“I have no idea,” young Vinny said when asked how his team pulled it off. “I’m in shock. I mean, I knew we could do it, but I don’t think anyone thought it would go down like this. It’s awesome.”
Vinny’s grandfather took over the Bruins program in 1972 after 11 seasons as a coach at Hoboken High School and before Vinny was even born. Years later, the two discussed the prospect of someday becoming coach and player when Vinny was still in grade school and coach Ascolese wasn’t so sure it would ever happen.
“I never doubted that he would play for North Bergen, I just didn’t know if I would still be around,” Vin explained. “I won it with my sons and now I won it with him, it’s pretty special stuff.”
All three of Ascolese’s sons -- Mike, Vinny and Greg -- won state championships in 1978, 1984 and 1990, respectively. Now the Ascolese’s have a title in the new millennium, trophy number six for the mantle.
Ascolese finishes with a career record of 359-124-7, a career win percentage of just over 73 percent. This perhaps was the most trying of all seasons for the Ascolese family, both because of the team’s tough 1-2 start, as well as the failing health of the clan's patriarch.
Vin has been fighting cancer and at times was almost too weak to even make it to Bruins practices, something that wasn’t overlooked by young Vinny and his mates.
“He’s the toughest man I’ve ever known,” Vinny said of his granddad. “Week in and week out he gave us every ounce of energy he had at age 73. To have that passion like he’s still a young man, it’s been an inspiration to all of us.”
After a ceremony in James J. Braddock Park early last month, Bruins Stadium was renamed ‘Vin Ascolese Field’ but the occasion was marred by the Bruins dropping its final regular season game to Peddie in disappointing fashion.
Ascolese would deliver a speech post-game in which he talked about each day being a game of Russian Roulette and that he didn’t have a lot of time, that he wanted to win now.
His team responded by ripping off the three straight wins it would need to hoist the crown and the entire Ascolese family embraced and celebrated at the 50-yard line, just like in Hollywood.
Contact John Quirk at jquirk@cablevision.com. Follow him on Twitter: @QuirkMedia
<|endofexample|>
2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008.
Dr. Harry Heiman, health policy director at the Satcher Health Leadership Institute, says that “people who have food insecurity tend to overeat more often when they have access [to food], and tend to end more high-calorie foods.’’
MSM in the News 2011
<|endofexample|>
Midsummer Music
Have a fantastic experience with one of our Manchester Folk Groups
Here's a few of our folk groups across the UK. To find the folk groups in Manchester select your county from the drop down box. This will show all of our Miner’s Lifeguard - -.
A sample of what has been written about folk groups. A Quotation:-
Twelve Highlanders and a bagpipe make a rebellion. ~ Proverb. ;
<|endofexample|>
The overall message is one students at Jackson State University have heard before, the do's and don'ts of getting behind the wheel.
"Don't drink and drive. Designate a driver. Avoid distracted driving and buckle your seat belt every time you get in the car," said Department of Public Safety spokesman John Kalahar.
It's that last point which state safety leaders say is becoming more and more concerning, especially for minorities.
In 2010, 641 people were killed in car crashes in Mississippi, 242 of them were African- Americans, making up 38 percent of all traffic deaths last year. Of those, African-American deaths, 65 percent were drivers who didn't wear their seat belt.
"Mississippi is a very rural state and the largest no seat belt use is in rural areas, we're trying to get that word out," said Mississippi Highway Patrol Director Colonel Donnell Berry.
According to the Department of Public Safety, average seat belt usage in Mississippi is about 82 percent, with women at a higher rate than men. When it comes to race, the state's black population, men and women, is below the average.
"Information has not flown and transcended into these particular communities," said National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration contractor Luther Perry.
Perry says the lack of driver education in minority areas has a big impact on why folks may not be buckling up. Perry is even working with Mississippi's historically black colleges and universities to try and fill the gap.
"We've asked them to develop and implement a traffic safety program on campus to where it resonates," said Perry.
By teaming up with state agencies and universities, Perry hopes seat belt usage will increase among at risk communities, but knows it starts with a plan of action.
"We have to do a better job in terms of making sure all the information gets to that particular culture and group of folks," said Perry.
Additional outreach events are also being planned across the state to help drive home the message of buckling up.
<|endofexample|>
BrianOFTP Graduate 2010
Brian Allnutt comes from Kentucky by way of Detroit, where he lived for several years doing urban farming and gardening. He studied literature, philosophy and history in college, but has years of experience working in the landscaping and horticulture fields. He came to the SOF to cement his... 
Browse all Staff and Students
© 2013 Michigan State University Board of Trustees. East Lansing, MI 48824 MSU is an affirmative-action, equal-opportunity employer.
<|endofexample|>
For Immediate Release - December 8, 2000
Anastasia Burton
(406) 444-5523
(HELENA)---Governor Marc Racicot today called upon Montana's citizens and businesses to begin conserving electricity immediately in anticipation of a deep cold spell expected to arrive in the Pacific Northwest by Sunday.
Governor Racicot issued the call in response to a warning issued today by regional energy experts. A warning is issued when regional forecasts indicate that the demand for electricity can only be met after implementing extraordinary actions.
"A number of factors are combining in the next few days that require all Montanans to begin conserving power immediately," said Governor Racicot. "Voluntary conservation today may mean we will avoid disruptions when the cold weather settles in on Monday."
Governor Racicot continued, "Cold weather and a tight energy supply make it especially important that people in Montana and throughout the Northwest reduce their energy use as they go about their day. Even the smallest acts of conservation will add up to help us through this situation."
"I urge every family and every business to take some simple steps that will help avert disruptions," Racicot added. Examples include:Turning off lights in empty rooms
Governor Racicot said that a number of factors have led to this situation including:
<|endofexample|>
Lawn & Garden
- Lawn & Riding Mowers
- Zero-Turn Mowers
- Push Lawn Mowers
- Self-Propelled Lawn Mowers
- Electric & Battery Mowers
- Trimmers & Edgers
- Tillers and Cultivators
Browse By:
Part Finder
- Know your part number?
- Know your model number?
- Don't know your model number?
You can use the Part Finder to help find your model and the right part for your machine.
Matching Models
<|endofexample|>
Had to do something that is rare here and I did not like it. Shovel snow off my steps! Had about 3 inches and the whole area when wild. Do not see how yours guys in the great white north do it. Dan
I wish I had some to shovel. The drought continues.
Steve: What would you trade ( T parts only to kept it on topic) for a cardboard box full. Hurry with reply it is melting.
Dan.
Dan;
Where are you located or is a secret????
No location on your profile.
There's a big front page article in our local paper this morning about the lack of snow. Sorry, Dan, but you can have it. We've had plenty in the past and will get it in the future, but right now we have almost none.
Enjoy it while it lasts...
Keith
It's all my fault!
After being innundated with snow here in the Mid-Atlantic year in year out, blizzard in blizzard out, while I just happened to be out of town on business leaving clean-up to the missus since the boys are grown and have their own places to shovel first...
I had to mail order one of those Minneapolis 'specials' of a snow blower because they don't sell them here, the near strap yourself in, electric start, 26" cut, 6 speed forward, 2 reverse, power steering. I put it together the day it came in December 2011...have yet (or rather she has yet) to have to put gas in it
You guys can keep that kind of the snow!
Dan,
I would have expected to see a picture of the Snow with your Hand in it <grin>.
Be_Zero_Be
It is a secret, so when it is time for the auction my wife will not be bothered by early birds.
Middle Alabama. Close to B'ham. Dan
My Son went to college in Vermont. About 400 miles almost dead north from home. We went to visit one February. Mistake. Houses with ladders permanently mounted outside for roof snow removal. 8 foot flags on the fire hydrants and snow mobiles with license plates & inspection stickers. Some of you are used to this and some probably love it. Pass.
Chicago has had 1.3 inches this season a new record, we, an hour south, are at .1 inches. nothing in sight.
Be_Zero_Be: No way! Just got done with cleaning up the mess in garage where the stuff melted off wife's car when she came home from work last night. Did not see any on it when she backed in, but this morn there was a mess. Guess it was all under the #*!**^^# thing.
Al Gore should be happy. His policys are paying off. Soon we will be in the next ice age. Even here in California, I had to burn a whole month's firewood in one week. It was so cold we kept the wood stove going 24 hours a day. Now it's back to normal with 70 or higher days and 40 nights. I guess last week was "winter".
Norm
Send some of that heat up here to frigid MN. The high on Sunday/Monday is supposed to be -1 degree. I'd take 30 degrees and a foot of snow any day.
<|endofexample|>
Brooklyn-based music producer and remixer Alan Wilkis is accustomed to remixing other artists, including Yelle, Yeasayer, Phantogram and the Very Best. Now, 18 months after remixing RJD2′s “The Shining Path,” the producer returns the favor, revamping Wilkis’ track “Come and Go” featuring Brooklyn duo the Kickdrums.
“Musically, I wanted to explore the common space in between extreme opposites,” Wilkis tells Hive of the original track, which blends smooth, balladic rock with squelchy electronic music. “I wanted to create something that felt both in slow-motion and hyper-speed at the same time and something that felt hard-hitting — like a punch to the gut — while still feeling uplifting and positive.”
RJD2 lays down live instrumentation and warms up Wilkis’ electronic-based original. For Wilkis, it’s the perfect way to approach a remix. “I think he takes the idea of the song and transports it to a completely different context, which is exactly what a great remix should do,” Wilkis says. “The original song is so electronic and technology-oriented, whereas RJ’s remix is completely organic; he played each of those parts — the drums, keys, bass — live in his studio. I love it.” So do we, man. So do we.
PRINTS is out now on Wilcassettes.Alan Wilkis - Come and Go (RJD2 Remix)
<|endofexample|>
JIRA Transport
Summary
Description
Transport and functionalities to integrate with Atlassian JIRA -- The enterprise issue tracker.
- Lead:
- Xircles System User
- Key:
- JIRA
Issues: 30 Day Summary
Issues: 0 created and 0 resolved
JIRA-13 23/Feb/12 Implementation of addWorklogAndAutoAdjustRemainingEstimate operation
JIRA-12 20/Mar/08 IllegalArgumentException when invoking getIssuesFromFilter, getIssueById, getIssueCountForFilter etc
JIRA-3 19/Mar/08 Write test utilities that will handle either using result returned from Mock or a JIRA instance
<|endofexample|>
Wednesday, December 18, 2002
By Sabrina Glidden
Muncie
Sharon Alberts, a long-time fan of Kenny Rogers, waited 10 years for the chance to see the legendary performer face to face again.
On Friday night, Alberts not only attended his concert at Emens Auditorium, but she spent about 10 minutes with him backstage. It was the first time she had left her home - with the exception of her daughter's wedding - since the last time she saw Rogers.
Multiple Sclerosis prevents Alberts, 50, from moving her body below her neck. She typically moves others around her, however, with her steady cheerfulness and positive attitude.
Before the concert, Alberts was escorted backstage to meet the man whom she now refers to simply as "Kenny." They sat together, him holding her arm, for about 10 minutes.
"He thanked me for coming to see him, but I was in La-la land, and just enjoyed him being with me," Alberts said. "He was not formal, as I would have expected him to be. It was just like we've known each other all our lives."
Her inspiring disposition has drawn the folks at The Waters of Yorktown, the long-term health-care facility where she lives, to rally around her in support of her undying interest in Rogers. The staff worked several weeks to arrange transportation, nursing care, tickets and a backstage meeting with Rogers, a man Alberts says is "perfect."
In 1992, she met Rogers at a concert. That night, she wore a purple top and black pants. Looking at his purple jacket, she told him that they matched. He replied that he knew he had worn purple for a reason.
In the past few weeks, Alberts was unaware of the scurrying going on behind the scenes. To start arrangements, activities director Sally Anderson contacted Never Too Late, a non-profit organization, to see whether it could help with the expenses.
The director, Bob Haverstick, didn't hesitate to help. While on the telephone, he wrote the check to cover the tickets and nursing care.
"We try to make wishes come true for folks in long-term health care," Haverstick said. "It makes you feel almost as good as they do, to be helping out."
Comfort Care discounted its van service, which includes a lift, to transport Alberts to the concert.
Rogers had agreed to a backstage meeting with Alberts and her nurse, asking only that media not be present. He said he didn't want to promote himself in the meeting, only to meet with Alberts.
Administrator Diane Harrold accompanied Anderson when she told Alberts about her opportunity for another meeting with Rogers.
"Her face was exuberant!" Harrold said. "I stood at her bedside and wept as I witnessed her face lit ear to ear with that lovely smile."
On the day of the concert, Alberts's hair was styled, and she was primped in her new outfit, bought by her mother, Wanda Thacker.
"This is a highlight in her life," Thacker said.
<|endofexample|>
This weeks The Gallery theme chosen by Tara at Sticky Fingers is Playtime.
I think everyone, whatever their age, enjoys playtime. Since having Burton it has been great playing with toys again,making silly faces, blowing raspberries, rolling around on the floor and just generally being a kid again! Such great fun and happy moments with lots of laughter and learning.
Burton's favourite playtime though is at bath time. To start with he did not like the water at all and screamed!
However, since he was a few weeks old we have given him a bath almost every night as part of his bedtime routine. After a few more weeks we got him used to having water splashed on his face and lying in the water, to give him confidence and to not fear water.
Well it soon became clear that he loved bath time and water and some times it has been hard to get him out of the bath!! Sometimes I think Daddy and I have got more wet than he has from all the splashing and kicking....and the floor.....the window blinds.....and the baby changing unit!!
This has helped with us introducing him to swimming at the local pool he loves it! He splashes about, gets dunked and sits on edge of the pool and pushes himself into the water! We have been taking him since he was 6months old and other swimmers have marvelled at how confident he is in the water.
Now at bath time we have to fill it so full of toys and the baby product bottles, I am surprised Burton has any room to enjoy the bubbles! He sits up one minute, lies on his front splashing furiously the next and more recently has started trying to stand up!! The whole time laughing and smiling.
Here are a couple of recent bath time play time photos
He loves either the taps or shower being run so he can play with the flowing water!
Playtime is the best time:fact!
Aaaahhhh! So cute! Bathtime was a great idea for playtime prompt!!
Maggy
I am loving the smiles in the last couple of images - just wonderful
Ah, so cute and perfect for the prompt. Baby V was the same, not so sure at first but now I think bathtime is her favourite time of the day,as soon as we mention it she starts tugging at her clothes to get undressed! x
Lovely smiles!
My two are the same, it's often a effort to make them get out of the bath!
Oh that looks like so much fun :) We love bathtime :)
Gorgeous. I also had a water baby till he hit four! Now getting him into the bath equates a military operation. But once he's in its all hands on deck and I don't see him for ages. Beautiful pictures.
How cute!!! Great photos. He is having so much fun obviously.
Great pictures - bathtime is a great chance for some splashing fun. I'd love you to come and link up with the Play Academy too if you'd like to share your play idea. :)
aaww :D
bathtime is sooooooooo much fun. great photos :)
Lovely pictures, he is so cute. Bathtime has also been our favourite time and now we love going swimming ;)
What fun! All 4 of mine used to bath together and it was a very special time! I love that smile in the last photo, gorgeous!
Interesting that he likes the running water. All of my three absolutely adore the bath, but hate the water running. Weird.
hehe....he's having great fun!
My little one is exactly the same - loves splashing in the water. Our floor gets a good wash everytime!
I have an almost identical photograph to the one at the top. A brand new Noah screaming his lungs out during his fisrt bath. Like Burton, we can't get him out of the bath these days. His new trick is to see how high his wee will hit the tiles *sigh*
Awwwwww... he does look so happy! Mine also love splashing in water (a lot!) and the shower!
Wow, that's a lot of bath toys! And one very happy little boy, how adorable!
<|endofexample|>
Year-In-Review
May
Dr. James Greenlee, a professor of history at Sir Wilfred Grenfell College, was the recipient of this year's Principal's Teaching Award, presented annually to recognize and encourage excellence in teaching, teaching innovation and leadership. He was officially recognized for his contribution to the university during Grenfell's May convocation ceremony.
Newfoundland and Labrador's home-grown television personality Rick Mercer led a remarkable list of luminaries who were honoured by Memorial University during this year's spring convocation. In order of presentation, this spring's honorary graduands are comedian and writer Rick Mer.
At Sir Wilfred Grenfell College spring convocation ceremony on May 13th , award-winning Newfoundland actor, writer and television personality Rick Mercer received an honorary doctor of letters degree. Memorial University's west coast campus saw 163 students accept degrees in arts, science, fine arts, commerce, social work, education and business administration during the last ceremony.
Memorial University's Come East-Go Further television advertisement, a joint project between Memorial's Office of Student Recruitment and Division of University Relations, was recognized with yet another award. The commercial received bronze in the Electronic Media: PSAs and Commercial Spots category of the Circle of Excellence Awards Program presented by the Council for the Advancement and Support of Education (CASE). Previously, the advertisement has fetched provincial recognition with an Award of Merit from the Newfoundland and Labrador chapter of the International Association of Business Communicators (IABC) as well as international recognition with a bronze award from CASE District 1. resulted in Dr. Gunther being named a 3-M Teaching Fellow for 2005. The award recognizes excellence in teaching over an extended period of time, principally at the undergraduate level, and also acknowledges leadership and commitment to the improvement of university teaching within the candidate's own institution..
On May 9, 80 students started the new fast-track delivery bachelor of education (primary/elementary) degree program. The program is offered at Sir Wilfred Grenfell College in Corner Brook and the St. John's campus, with 40 students accepted at each site. Dr. Alice Collins, dean of Education, said the fast-track delivery was developed in response to a number of identified needs. Many students who apply to the B.Ed. (primary/elementary) program are already fairly well along in their academic programs, but under the regular program it can take up to three years more years to earn the education degree. The fast-track delivery enables students with at least 78 credits to complete the program in four consecutive semesters.
Dr. Gary Gorman, dean of the Faculty of Business Administration, was appointed chair of the Business Advisory Board for the provincial government. The appointment was announced by Premier Danny Williams at a news conference May 31. The newly established Business Advisory Board reports to the Department of Business and will meet throughout the year and provide advice and recommendations to government.
<|endofexample|>
Scheduled Maintenance - CANARIE Network Link
CANARIE have advised ACORN-NL that service affecting maintenance will be performed on Thursday, April 12th between 00:00 and 06:00 NDT.
The actual downtime is expected to last for two hours, however the entire window has been reserved in case of complications. This maintenance will affect ACORN-NL connectivity to CANARIE and during the downtime traffic should be re-routed automatically through each institution's commercial Internet provider.
If you experience any network-related issues during this period please contact the undersigned.
For further information please contact help@mun.ca - 864-4595.
<|endofexample|>
To enhance the technical advantages of communication equipment, Murata offers miniaturized, sophisticated components and modules for the demands of many applications.
Isolators, GaAs Switch IC, RF Diode Switches, Baluns (Chip Multilayer, Wire Wound/Film type), Couplers (Chip Multilayer, Film type), Chip Multilayer Components (hybrid dividers and diplexers), High Frequency Coaxial Connectors, Thin Film Circuit Substrate "RUSUB®", Single Layer Microchip Capacitors and Wi-Fi®/Bluetooth®/One-seg Modules are offered.
Introducing the product pick from the lineup of RF Components/Modules.
PDF files of product catalog and product technical information.
Lineup of RF component by application.
We introduce of Bluetooth® Smart module.
<|endofexample|>
Fairgoers enjoying the color and light of the 1893 World's Columbian Exhibition in Chicago had no idea that not far away Dr. Henry Howard Holmes had set up his own dark, private exhibition of death and torture on a scale comparable to that of the fair itself. Though sometimes mistakenly called America's first serial killer, he could very well be its most prodigious. He was convicted of only one murder, but Holmes confessed to 27 and the actual total could have been as high as 230.
Date: 1879? - 1894
Location: Chicago, IL; Irvington, IN; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Philadelphia, PA
Victims: Convicted of murdering Benjamin Pitezel, confessed to murdering 27 men, women and children, other estimates put the total as high as 230 murders.
Cause of Death: Pitezel was burned alive, others were asphyxiated, burned, tortured.
Accused: Herman Webster Mudgett, alias Dr. Henry Howard Holmes
Arrested: Boston, November 17, 1894
Synopsis:.
Holmes took a job at the drugstore of Dr. E. S. Holton on the corner of Wallace and 63rd Street in Englewood, IL, south of Chicago. Holton was dying of cancer and Holmes convinced Holton's wife to sell him the store, assuring her she could continue living upstairs after the doctor died. After Dr. Holton died Holmes murdered Mrs. Holton, disposed of her body, and told her friends and relative she had moved to California.
He operated the Castle as a hotel for visitors to the fair. In the privacy of his soundproof rooms, Holmes would torture and kill hotel guests. Some were locked in rooms fitted with gas lines controlled by Holmes; he would turn on the gas when they slept. Others were locked in a bank vault near his office where he could listen to their screams as they suffocated. The bodies were dropped down a greased chute to the basement which was outfitted with a dissecting table, a lime pit, and an enormous furnace. After removing the flesh and cleaning the bones, he would reassemble the skeletons and sell them to medical schools..
Trial: Philadelphia, October 28, 1895
Holmes chose to handle his own defense at the trial and The Philadelphia Inquirer described his performance as "vigorous and remarkable." But he had failed to establish his case and by the end of the first day he brought his two attorneys back into the case. The prosecution's presentation was thorough and methodical and in the end they prevailed.
Verdict: Guilty of first degree murder.
Outcome:
H. H. Holmes was sentenced to hang. After his conviction, the Hearst newspapers paid Holmes $7,500 to tell his story. In a series of articles he confessed to killing 27 people in Chicago. Chicago police investigated the Castle and using missing person lists and testimony of neighbors placed the estimated body count as high as 230.
On May 7, 1896 Holmes was hanged at Moyamensing Prison in Philadelphia. In accordance with his last wishes, Holmes's coffin was filled with cement before being nailed shut and buried in a grave ten feet deep with two feet of sand and concrete poured in before it was covered with dirt. He wanted to guarantee that no one would dissect his corpse as he had done to so many others.
Resources:
Websites:
H. H. Holmes: Master of Illusion
H. H. Holmes Timeline
Books:
Borowski, John, (adapter). The Strange Case Of Dr. H.H. Holmes
. West Hollywood, Calif: Waterfront Productions, 2005.
Larson, Erik. The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America
. New York: Vintage, 2004.
Schechter, Harold, Depraved: The Definitive True Story of H.H. Holmes, Whose Grotesque Crimes Shattered Turn-of-the-Century Chicago
. Pocket, 2004.
Gravesite (from Findagrave)
H. H. Holmes (Herman Mudgett) Gravesite
H. H. Holmes: Master of Illusion
H. H. Holmes Timeline
Books:
Borowski, John, (adapter). The Strange Case Of Dr. H.H. Holmes
Larson, Erik. The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America
Schechter, Harold, Depraved: The Definitive True Story of H.H. Holmes, Whose Grotesque Crimes Shattered Turn-of-the-Century Chicago
Gravesite (from Findagrave)
H. H. Holmes (Herman Mudgett) Gravesite
2 comments:
October 24, 2010 at 11:53 PM
An evil man controlled by the Devil. Hell will be his eternal home.
October 9, 2011 at 12:32 AM
A psychological defect whose crimes ended when he became ash. The only Hell is the one he created for his victims.
<|endofexample|>
)
Tecra/Protege stops booting at Xvesa and Xorg (SOLVED)
Moderators:
Flash
,
Ian
,
JohnMurga
View previous topic
::
View next topic
Page 3 of 12
[167 Posts]
Goto page:
1
,
2
,
3,
4
,
5
,
...,
10
,
11
,
12
Author
rerwin
Joined: 24 Aug 2005
Posts: 1316
Location: Maine, USA
Posted: Sat 17 Nov 2007, 11:31
Post subject: New version of fixed xorgwizard
Subject description: Makes user choose the appropriate video mode.
Dennis & Dave, please do not proagate the workaround that gets Dennis' laptop to work; it is not appropriate for general use because all video adapters would be treated the same.
I am attaching a new version of the wizard that should fix everyone's problem that has been reported. Instead of trying to substitute for the failing Xvesa results, it is consistent with the current design that lets the user choose a video mode if the wizard cannot determine it. (That's how my ThinkPads are handled, even though they do not hang like the Tecras/Porteges.) The "problem-adapters" file is no longer used, so the "remaster mess" is avoided.
In addition to checking for specific adapters, it looks for segment faults and failure to find the needed info from ddcprobe; that should take care of Mat's case. For Dennis, I included two tests for the 8820 because the "oem:" is always followed by a space; Dennis, please check your ddcprobe output and tell me which format is correct (with or without the space).
Please, would each of you try the new version, xorgwizard2, and give me feedback. Thanks.
(After copying/extracting xorgwizard2 to /usr/sbin, rename it to xorgwizard to have it run during bootup. Otherwise, when bootup hangs, ctrl-c out of the hang and enter xorgwizard2, then xwin.)
xorgwizard2.tar.gz
Description
File contains both a normal version, xorgwizard2, and a debug version for troubleshooting, xorgwizard2d.
Expect to see a long list of possible video modes to choose from..
Download
Filename
xorgwizard2.tar.gz
Filesize
32.5 KB
Downloaded
668 Time(s)
Last edited by rerwin on Mon 19 Nov 2007, 12:39; edited 5 times in total
Back to top
DaveR
Joined: 30 May 2007
Posts: 28
Posted: Sat 17 Nov 2007, 16:09
Post subject: Satellite 1805 S203
rewin, before I forget it my "oem:" is followed by 1 space - oem: Trident CYBER 8620
I'll give the new wizard a try in a little while
Dave
Back to top
DaveR
Joined: 30 May 2007
Posts: 28
Posted: Sat 17 Nov 2007, 17:04
Post subject: Satellite 1805 S203
Still no luck ;-(
edited the problem-adapters file to include my "oem: Trident CYBER 8620" line
boot from CD
command "puppy pfix=nox"
all OK to #_ prompt
plug-in pen drive then mount /dev/sda1 /mnt/flash
ls /mnt/flash
cp /mnt/flash/proble~2 /etc/X11/problem-adapters
cp /mnt/flash/xorgwi~2 /usr/sbin/xorgwizard2
ran xorgwizard2
"Puppy Video Wizard" window opens - choose Xorg - Enter
one line of pink text appears "Probing video hardware ..."
system hangs with empty black screen and no cursor - wait a minute
[ctrl]c will NOT break out
[ctrl][alt]del will NOT break out
cycle power to quit
Back to top
youb
Joined: 15 Nov 2007
Posts: 6
Location: France
Posted: Sat 17 Nov 2007, 17:29
Post subject:
Thanks for your time on that problem... no luck either..
The new script his behaving the same on my laptop as on Dave's .
Pink "probing", then hangs with black screen.
Ctrl+Alt+Del produces a little reaction from my HDD activity led...
Back to top
dalderton
Joined: 22 Apr 2007
Posts: 145
Posted: Sat 17 Nov 2007, 19:23
Post subject:
Richard I tried it on mine and it did the same hang as the original xorgwizard. Regards Dennis
Back to top
rerwin
Joined: 24 Aug 2005
Posts: 1316
Location: Maine, USA
Posted: Sat 17 Nov 2007, 23:23
Post subject: Let's work with the latest version -- xorgwizard2
I am sorry you are having trouble testing this fix. So let's all work with the latest version, which is simpler than the others, so less room for errors.
First, I'll explain the logic -- what it checks for -- and then how I test, step by step. Here is the code that should run for your cases (EDIT (11/19/07): corrected to match latest version):
Code:
#For some Tecra and Portege laptops (and any others generating a segment fault or edidfail in ddcprobe), avoid Xvesa/other hang by skipping detection and letting the user choose the appropriate video mode. #rerwin begin
if grep -q -F -x 'edidfail
oem: MagicGraph 256 AV 44K PRELIMINARY
oem: Trident CYBER 8820
oem: Trident CYBER 8620' /tmp/ddcprobe.txt;then
HORIZSYNC=""
VERTREFRESH=""
else #rerwin end
. . . [logic that hangs]
fi #rerwin
. . .
#if ddcprobe also failed, have to ask monitor type...
if [ "$HORIZSYNC" = "" -o "$VERTREFRESH" = "" ];then #"" if monitor not plug-n-play.
[Displays the long list of all possible safe video modes (A through Z).]
The "grep" statement includes all of the strings (between the ticks) it considers indicative of a problem adapter. Please be sure that your ddcprobe output contains one of those exact strings; I took them from your postings, so please tell me of any typos that crept in.
Given that the code is so simple, if it finds a match it will display the dialog. Therefore the hanging suggests that it is not finding a match.
Now, here are my test steps, avoiding any complications, on my Tecra8000 that has no HD:
Quote:
1. Extract xorgwizard2 from xorgwizard2.tar.gz to the top level of a USB flash drive, by Menu>Utilities>Xarchive archiver, on some other puppy system.
2. In the subject laptop, insert the flash drive, boot up from the Puppy 3.01 CD, and enter "puppy pfix=ram,nox" at the boot prompt.
3. Select a keyboard layout and <enter>.
4. Enter "mount /dev/sda1 /mnt/flash -t vfat" to mount the flash drive and use long filenames (-t vfat).
5. Enter "cp /mnt/flash/xorgwizard2 /usr/sbin/" to copy the script.
6. Enter "umount /mnt/flash" to unmount the flash drive and avoid any problems caused by its being already mounted.
7. Enter "xorgwizard2" to run the script.
8. Select "Xorg" in the resultant dialog.
9. Wait for the two pink "Probing" lines to come and go -- The wizard dialog beginning with "Automatic probing ... was unsuccessful" should be displayed.
10. Select the second (B) line if your screen resolution is 800x600; the third (C) line if 1024x768, then OK, and OK again.
11. At the resultant prompt, enter "xwin" to start the desktop.
If it still hangs, boot again the same way but at the after-bootup prompt (before step 4 above) enter "ddcprobe" and find the line we are trying to match, to be sure the text is exactly what the script is looking for. For youb's case I rely on ddcprobe including a "Segmentation fault" line in its output, since the "oem:" line is too vague -- it is a copyright notice and does not specify a particular adapter model; so be sure I got the upper/lower cases right, for an exact match. To verify there is only the one xorgwizard2 in the system, enter "which xorgwizard2", that should show either nothing or "/usr/sbin"; anything else suggests the wrong file is being run.
If you do get it to work you can rename the script (in /usr/sbin) to "xorgwizard" to have it run automatically at bootup.
I need to verify it works so I can hand it off to dougal for integration into his version and a puppy release. Thanks for sticking with me on this.
Richard
Last edited by rerwin on Mon 19 Nov 2007, 12:40; edited 3 times in total
Back to top
dalderton
Joined: 22 Apr 2007
Posts: 145
Posted: Sun 18 Nov 2007, 03:28
Post subject:
I will sit this one out for a bit as I dont have a flash drive.My option is to replace the original xorgwizard with your modified one and burn it as a remastered live or installable cd.This modified xorgwizard does not work when used in this way. Regards Dennis
Back to top
youb
Joined: 15 Nov 2007
Posts: 6
Location: France
Posted: Sun 18 Nov 2007, 10:53
Post subject:
Added pfix=ram,nox to loadlin's options
Boot linux, at prompt :
mkdir /mnt/hda3
mount /dev/hda3 /mnt/hda3 -t vfat (my C: win drive, where I put the downloaded file)
cp /mnt/hda3/xo/xorgwizard2 /usr/sbin
umount /mnt/hda3
xorgwizard2 -- same problem again.
I checked my ddcprobe output and "Segmentation fault" is written ok.
Isn't it normal since I am using the same xorgwizard2 as yesterday ?
Thanks, Mat
Back to top
rerwin
Joined: 24 Aug 2005
Posts: 1316
Location: Maine, USA
Posted: Sun 18 Nov 2007, 12:55
Post subject: I need your assistance; I do not have your laptops to test.
Dennis, please don't sit this out. I cannot resolve the dilemma without you. Your remaster technique should now work with the fix, since the file in /etc/X11 is no longer involved. (Go ahead and rename the script to xorgwizard for your remaster, so it will be invoked automatically.)
I want the fix to be as generally applicable as we can make it, which means getting it to detect your all of particular video adapters by matching something in the ddcprobe output.
Just one thing to make clear, I have built the fix on the Puppy 3.01 version of the wizard; so be sure you are all testing with 3.01.
If testing with 3.01 doesn't work, I will have to add debug code to the fix to try to find where the problem is.
My only other suspicion is that maybe the forum is squeezing some space-characters out of the oem: and segment-fault lines in your posts. So if you notice beginning- or trailing spaces or multiple adjacent spaces in the text we are trying to match, please tell me. (And, Dennis, does your ddcprobe "oem:" line have a space after the colon?)
One more time ... Thanks.
Richard
Back to top
youb
Joined: 15 Nov 2007
Posts: 6
Location: France
Posted: Sun 18 Nov 2007, 13:01
Post subject:
I'm using 3.01, and the "Segmentation fault" is the same in the output and the xorgwizard2 file (I will double check). No problem for further testing... Thanks, Mat
EDIT: I've been browsing through the forum... and I read a post about the minimum amount of RAM needed to run Puppy... I have 64mb, could it be the cause of my problem ? (I use loadlin, therefore if I'm not mistaken it loads everything in RAM and I don't use any swap.)
Back to top
rerwin
Joined: 24 Aug 2005
Posts: 1316
Location: Maine, USA
Posted: Sun 18 Nov 2007, 20:12
Post subject: Debug version now in the download file.
Mat, thanks for your response. I ran out of explanations; but I think you have found it! 64MB is a bit tight. (If you make the laptop work satisfactorily for you, you might consider adding RAM to speed it up.)
Assuming the laptop has a hard drive, you could boot from the CD and I think that situation creates a swap file wherever it can find space. But avoid having it go into an NTFS partition, as the performance is reportedly impacted. Or make a small (64M-128M) swap partition or file; there are several ways, but we can work on that if you need help.
My news for everyone else not getting the latest version of the fix to work is that I have replaced the download file with one that contains both the latest version and one containing debug messages. They will verify that the fix is actually running and show whether it finds a match or what it is trying to match. (The oem: line may be surrounded by periods (.), to reveal any extra spaces.)
The debug version, xorgwizard2d, will show other lines along with the pink "probing" lines. They will remain on the screen for 15 seconds, so press ctrl-c to keep them longer. If it still hangs, please tell me what messages are displayed. The last should be an oem: line of some sort. If you just wait, the long video-mode list should appear.
Richard
Back to top
dalderton
Joined: 22 Apr 2007
Posts: 145
Posted: Sun 18 Nov 2007, 20:25
Post subject:
Richard . I am using 3.0.1 and I have renamed the file xorgwizard and the xorgwizard box comes up but when I click on xorg then the hang happens as in the original. ddcprobe is
oem: Trident CYBER 8820
I notice on the xorgwizard2 file it is shown as Trident Cyber 8820 I dont know if this is significant. We soldier on Regards Dennis
EDIT I wrote this before your latest post Richard so let me know if the CYBER is significant.I can fix it on the last xorgwizard2 file and try it if you wish..Dennis
Back to top
dalderton
Joined: 22 Apr 2007
Posts: 145
Posted: Sun 18 Nov 2007, 21:59
Post subject:
Richard Its not what you write,its the way that you write it. I changed the oem line in the original xorgwizard2 to oem: Trident CYBER 8820 and remastered it on the original Puppy Unleashed bootable CD 3.0.1 and the burnt disk worked perfectly on my Toshiba TE 2000. On one oem line there was no gap from the colon plus the CYBER was Cyber and on the next line the gap was there but CYBER was again Cyber. Anyway it is now working flawlessly. It has been a pleasure to do business with you.
The only thing left is to get the Toshiba Modem to work on Puppy?????
Regards Dennis
Back to top
rerwin
Joined: 24 Aug 2005
Posts: 1316
Location: Maine, USA
Posted: Mon 19 Nov 2007, 01:03
Post subject: All resolved! Ready to be integrated.
Thanks, Dennis, for your clarification. Assuming Mat's problem is with low RAM, with enough he can probably run without the fix.
I have uploaded a cleaned-up version of both scripts, ready for more people to try with other laptops.
Dougal, I think this added logic is ready for your consideration to integrate with your development version of xorgwizard.
Thank you to all who have helped me get to this point with the fix.
Richard
Back to top
youb
Joined: 15 Nov 2007
Posts: 6
Location: France
Posted: Mon 19 Nov 2007, 08:57
Post subject:
Thank you for your help. I'm trying to find a way to run puppy with my 64mb and no cd-rom or disk drive... Seems feasible according to some posts on this forum. Regards,
Mat
Back to top
Display posts from previous:
All Posts
1 Day
7 Days
2 Weeks
1 Month
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
Sort by:
Post Time
Post Subject
Author
Ascending
Descending
Page 3 of 12
[167.0154s) ][ GZIP on ]
<|endofexample|>
Sally Smith: Welcome to an MUSC Health Podcast. Welcome to Age to Age. I'm Sally Smith. Let's talk. Today, we're fortunate to have Dr. Layton McCurdy, Dean Emeritus of MUSC, with us, one of my favorite people to talk to about ideas and thinking through problems. He has been kind enough to join us when we want to look at the problems and issues of aging and caregiving in this crisis that we're in now, that only seems to be mushrooming. We've talked a little bit about what the situation is. Now we want to look at the problems that are going to have to be solved. What do you see as some of these problems that we're going to have to solve to get through this crisis and come up with better solutions?
Dr. Layton McCurdy: Well, for one thing, I'm very happy about the magnitude of research that's underway now to identify causes and treatments for, certainly, Alzheimer’s, and perhaps some of the other forms of dementia that come along with age. My goal and my hope is that there will be some treatments, some specific treatments. We have treatments now that have some evidence that they work, that they slow down the process of Alzheimer's. There's very little scientific knowledge that we can slow down the sort of so-called normal aging, dementia, forgetfulness, and so forth. I think the research is going to be incredibly important, that certainly is one thing. The other thing is, in this country, to figure out ways to manage better. I don't know if you have a long-term care insurance policy, but I do. And sometimes I wonder, is it worth it? But, I still have it, both my wife and I.
And I think that's an important thing. What if we couldn't afford it, where would we be? And we have a care system that's pretty good for acute care, regardless of your status in life. But, for the management of chronic illness, or chronic conditions, which I think dementia is, we don't have a good system. You may have noticed recently in our newspapers, in Charleston, and in other parts of South Carolina, there are full-page ads. There was one yesterday about the management of chronic illness. And there's an organization that's pushing the presidential candidates to take a position. It's a national organization but they're focusing on South Carolina and New Hampshire, for obvious reasons. And so far, we haven't lured any of the presidential candidates into taking a stance on the care of chronic illness. The argument is that chronic illness uses eighty-five percent of the healthcare dollar. I can't verify that number, but it's a lot, I do know that.
Sally Smith: I know that there are two issues pending, pending laws, one for increased research into all sorts under the umbrella of dementia, which would, of course, include Alzheimer's and many other forms of dementia. Another one is tax breaks for caregivers. I think the unseen issue here is so often the caregiver. We were talking earlier about the baby boomers and the see-saw effect. They just got finished taking care of the children, and now here they are taking care of the grandparents. One question I have, because I've met with all sorts of emotions from people in that situation, and sometimes they're quite angry, they love their parents.
Mr. Layton McCurdy: Anger's a perfectly natural response to adversity, I think. You know, it's a healthy response. And sometimes not being angry is probably less healthy than being angry. Obviously you have to manage it. Caregivers, there are many places and programs. I do know that there are opportunities for respite for people who give care, to take a day or two off and have someone step into the home. It helps a lot, you know. I think it gives people something to look forward to. But, for the caregiver, the person who's seriously committed, it's a demanding, constant, twenty-four-a-day job, very constant job.
Sally Smith: The one thing that was interesting, too, is the article I read, when it talked about the man hours lost through caregiving, where people leave a job, have to hurry to a neighboring city to take care of someone. There are all sorts of ways, obviously, that this could play out. But, a lot of people finally just give up their job. They can’t juggle it all. They can’t do it all. And that’s man power that, then, is lost. In small thing, that’s not so important, but in a big thing, when you look at the huge numbers of people that are caregiving, and yet we’re tied to it through our traditions.
One question I have: how tough is the psychological hit of being brought up to do what you can, not growing up on the old farm home place like we all traditionally did hundreds of years ago, moving way off, siblings spread all across the world, the United States, whatever, and then somebody’s got to step up to the plate and take care of Mother or Daddy back home, how taxing is this for family dynamics?
Dr. Layton McCurdy: Well, I think it’s very taxing, because if you’ve talked to siblings in a family about this, nobody’s doing their fair share in the minds of each sibling. It has only been a generation, I saw it in my own mother’s family, and I’ve known that in other families that, in a large family, with five of six children, one of them gets tagged as the caregiver. And, usually, it’s a woman. They often don’t married because it’s expected that they’re going to be the caregiver for Mother when the time comes. I don’t see that much anymore. I don’t think people gear their lives in that direction anymore. We’re much more prone to independence and pursuing our own destiny. But, I think it creates family dynamics a lot. I hadn’t thought about it just in those terms, but you do see that, you know, who’s doing their share of the job.
Sally Smith: One thing I’ve noticed with families, sometimes it’s an expectation financially. They say, look, I’m taking care of everybody, you know, you all ought to realize I get a little bigger piece of the pie when we divide it up. And there are just so many issues like that where people see things differently, and it can cause upset.
Dr. Layton McCurdy: That’s fascinating. I hadn’t thought about it just in that way, but it’s a very good point.
Sally Smith: Well, one thing that I was so amazed at was the illnesses, the amount of illness in the caregiver group, where you think, here’s the ill person, or the old, frail person, and he’s the one we’re all worried about, when so many times the anxiety and the angst, and the frustration, as you say, of taking care of someone that is not thinking straight is an incredibly grueling 24-hour-a-day job. A lot of times they fall ill. One of the key solutions that’s important to remember is other people stepping in, maybe that sibling that lives far away, and giving them the respite you mentioned. I think Hospice will do that as well.
Dr. Layton McCurdy: Yeah.
Sally Smith: Because it is so pivotal not to lose the caregiver. It’s the caregiver that keeps you from having the really huge costs of assisted living nursing.
Dr. Layton McCurdy: There are very pricey and costly care systems and, hopefully, more and more people will plan for that in their lives, with insurance or with other means. I have an anecdote, a story, actually. One of my colleagues, from many, many years, marvelous man, at about age 70, had an accident. This man was actually a marathon runner and wrote two or three text books on the brain; he was brilliant. He had an accident and had cardiac arrest for a short time, and wound up very demented.
His wife was determined to keep him at home. It was such a blow, and such a sudden blow. And, within the first six months or so, they would, you know, go to the grocery store. He sort of wandered away from her one day in a grocery store and got hit by a car, and had a terrible accident, broke a bunch of bones and things. And so, there are all kinds of unanticipated side things that can happen with a person that requires constant observation.
Sally Smith: Wow. Let’s move on. Let’s close this session out, because we’re going to talk about our dream scenario of how all these problems are going to magically go away and we’re going to come up with the utopian society for the elderly. Thank you, so much, Layton McCurdy, for talking with us today, and thanks to all of our listeners for joining us. We welcome your suggestions and always invite your comments on our website. This is Sally Smith, Age to Age, saying good-bye and wishing homepage. All profits support research at the Center on Aging. Thanks.
If you have any questions about the services or programs offered at the Medical University of South Carolina or if you would like to schedule an appointment with one of our physicians, please call MUSC Health Connection: (843) 792-1414.
<|endofexample|>
1-Androsterone RDe™ is a lean mass-accelerating agent. The active compound (1.
4-AD RDe.
(R)apid (D)issolve (e)ffervescent or RDe™ is the new and improved delivery matrix that ensures the maximum quantity of active 1%.
With its superior bioavailability and absorption Matrix, RDe™ helps to deliver the active 1-Androsterone RDe™ (1-Androstene-3b-ol, 17-one) and 4-AD RDe™ .
james says:
Definitely noticed a difference in strength. Added about 6-9 pounds. Really made me hungry throughout the day and ate alott of food. Definitely recommend for hard gainers.
<|endofexample|>
This.
The guys at JPC Racing bolted the heads back on with a few extra parts and pieces needed for the installation. Cometic provided its MLS (multi-layer steel) head gaskets, and a set of replacement intake and exhaust gaskets. The heads were secured to the Boss 302 block with ARP 1/2-inch studs, which we procured from Summit Racing. Comp Cams came through with a set of its 1.6 roller rocker arms and new pushrods.
The swap was straightforward, and before we knew it, the car was back on the dyno. The new heads helped the engine breath easier, and Burcham dialed in the tune using a DiabloSport chip in the stock A9L computer. The result was a better 508 rwhp at 6,400 rpm and torque of 425 lb-ft. The better flowing heads helped feed the hungry 331ci, and also showed that better flowing heads also make a difference in a supercharged application.
<|endofexample|>
0 Items - $0.00
Shop Kettlebells
Best Kettlebell Selection Online AND Free Shipping!
So you're looking for kettlebells huh? Well, at Muscles and Curves we carry every major brand and style of kettle bell from plain metal, powder coated cast iron, vinyl coated, competiton level and the newest version of adjustable kettlebells ... and they ALL ship for free!
A good kettle bell set can provide a workout that hits every muscle group in your body in various ways. Kettlebell exercises range from mild to intense, stressing your body in ways that it may have never before experienced. This makes kettlebell training a great catalyst for a new routine and can provide numerous cardiovascular and muscular benefits including fat loss and increase in lean muscle mass.
Kettle bell workouts are also very effective at building core strength in the mid section and back. Most kettlebell workout routines involve fast exercises like swings, cleans, jerks and snatches, which when done in high repetitions can product unbelievable muscular endurance and strength.
Our kettlebell weights range from 5 lbs to 105 lbs and are available in pounds or kilograms as well as vinyl coated, powder coated and competition models. We also offer adjustable kettlebells which can be great for smaller gyms and traveling.
Please Contact Us For Special Shipping Prices if Ordering Multiple Kettlebells!
<|endofexample|>
Ivan Vasiliyevich Kliun
Born in Bolshiye Gorki hamlet, Vladimir province in 1873. Died in Moscow in 1943. Kliun was born to a peasant family. He served as a bookkeeper, and at the same time studied drawing. During 1902–1907, he attended classes at F.I. Rerberg’s studio in Moscow where he met I.I. Mashkov and K.S. Malevich. This encounter became a major factor in the creative biography of Ivan Kliun. Malevich had a great influence on the further development of the artist, brought him into the circle of the founders of the Russian avant-garde, set him on the path of Cubo-Futurism, and later Suprematism. At the “0.10” exhibition in Petrograd in 1915, Kliun displayed his cubist and abstract sculpture for the first time, and in 1916 began to create Suprematist compositions. Kliun was a member of the “Supremus” Society in 1916–1917. After the Suprematist period, he experienced an enthusiasm for French Purism. The artist then turned to Realism, which was not only a concession to the times, but also his inner need. He found himself in complete isolation at the end of his life.
(Kliunkov)
Manuscript department of State Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow
<|endofexample|>
The Oteiza Museum research centre is implementing a programme to collect data and documents from those people who had dealings with the sculptor, and who can provide verbal or documentary testimony about him. This programme has been called the Oteiza Memory project. The programme consists of three parts: firstly, a recorded interview in which the participant’s testimony about the sculptor from Orio is collected. This oral document is added to the Documentation Centre collection. The pieces by Jorge Oteiza that the participant may possess are then photographed, measured and described and the details of these are noted down Finally, the documentation that the participant has about the sculptor is collected; this documentation is digitised and catalogued in the Documentation Centre and returned to its owner in the best possible condition, with the corresponding digital copy. List of participants in the Oteiza Memory programme (chronological order)
- Luis Vallet’s (family)
- Rafael Munoa
- José Luis Pequeño
- Pedro Manterola
- Mari Paz Madina
- Xabier Santxotena
- Imanol Murua
- Ricardo Ugarte and Julia Otxoa
- Nestor Basterretxea
- José Luis Romaní
- Ignacio Uranga
- Carmelo Ortiz Elguea
- Andoni Esparza
- Pilar Muñoa
- Edorta Kortadi
- Simón Marchán Fiz
- María Teresa Muñoz
- Juan Luis Mendizábal
- Ana María Marín
- Tomás Esnaola
- María Teresa Goiburu
- Garbiñe Carreño
- Xabier Egaña
- Francisco Aranaz
- Jean-Louis Douenne
- José Luis Merino
- José Miguel Salazar
- Carlos Aurtenetxe
- Teresa Alberti
- Antonio Eslava and Isabel Cabanellas
- José Ramón Anda
- José Ramón Adrada and Bakarne Sagredo
- Iñaki Almandoz
- Juantxo Egaña
- Joseba Gárate
- Antxon Elicegui
- Jaime Rodríguez Salís
- Ramón Serras
- Ibon Plazaola
- Eduardo Capa and Julia Sanz
- Alberto Martín Artajo
- Eduardo San Martín
- Familia Maiztegi
- Roberto Plazaola
- Paco Ocaña
- Anton Mendizabal
- Mikel Mendizabal
- Jon Zubieta and Iñaki Beristain
- Javier Usabiaga
Anyone interested in taking part in the Oteiza Memory project can contact: Documentation Department Oteiza Museum c/Cuesta, 7 Alzuza 31486 Navarre Telephone 948 33 20 74 Fax: 948 33 20 66 documentacion@museooteiza.org
<|endofexample|>
Advertisement
closing date: 28 Oct 2012
Tina Turner has become a rock'n'roll icon and arguably the most successful female rock vocalist ever. She owes her stardom to a man , her love for a time, the gifted Ike Tuner, whose outfit Ike &Tina Tuner through out the 70's were touted "one of the hottest, most durable,and potentially most explosive of all R&B ensembles'.
This new 2CD collection is drawn from rare re-recordings.
CD1
1. What You See
2.Shake
3. Down In The Valley
4. Ya-Ya
5. The Loco-motion
6. Proud Mary
7. I Know
8. Shame ShameShame
9. Something´s Got A Hold On Me
10. Baby Get It On
11. Louie Louie
12. Only Women Bleed
13. Ain´tThat A Shame
14. Feel It (Aka Dont´tFight It, Feel It)
15. Get Back
16. TweedleDee
17. Stagger Lee
18. It´s GonnaWork Out
19. Drift Away
CD2
1. Knock On Wood
2. Ode To Billy Joe
3. Lean On Me
4. Sit & Hold Your Hand
5. Funky Bull
6. Louie Louie
7. Money
8. Tuff Hooked Up
9. When I Lost My Baby
10. Only Women Bleed
11. Driftin'
12. That's The City
13. Ain'tNobody'sBusiness
14. Woke Up This Morning
15. No More Lovin'
16.I t'sMy Own Fault
17. De Funk
18. White On White
19. Slidin'
To enter:
1) Follow us at
then tweet "I want to win IkeandTina Turner CDS! @musicnewsweb"
or
2) Like us on
and comment "I want to win IkeandTina Turner CDS"
or
3.)Send an email with IkeandTina Turner
<|endofexample|>
Nat King Cole - Autumn Leaves
get the latest Flash Player to see this video.
Música Relacionada
Jul 8, 2010
Feb 7, 2011
May 18, 3823
Apr 27, 2010
Jul 8, 2010
Jan 30, 2011
Mar 13, 2012
May 18, 2010
Jul 8, 2010
Jun 25, 2012
Aug 13, 2011
Jun 25, 2011
Nov 1, 2010
Apr 6, 2010
Jan 5, 2012
Descripc (x2) ----- "Autumn Leaves" is a much-recorded popular song. Originally a 1945 French song "Les feuilles mortes" (literally "Dead Leaves") with music by Joseph Kosma and lyrics by poet Jacques Prévert, English lyrics were written in 1947.
Etiquetas: Nat King Cole Autumn Leaves Nat King Cole
Reproducciones: 210 | Favoritado: 2
Puntuar esta canción
133 Puntuaciones
Este audio todavía no tiene ningún comentario.
Más Música de este Usuario
Nov 24, 2012
Nov 24, 2012
Oct 12, 2012
Oct 12, 2012
Oct 12, 2012
Jul 13, 2012
Jul 13, 2012
Jul 9, 2012
Jul 9, 2012
Jul 9, 2012
May 18, 659
May 18, 8166
May 24, 2012
Feb 8, 2012
Feb 8, 2012
<|endofexample|>
- Musician's Friend Best Selection, Price & Service. Guaranteed.
- 18 Month Financing For May
Special 18 Month Financing For The Whole Month Of May
Here at Musician's Friend, we know there are a lot of challenges to finding the right gear at the right price. That's why we do all we can to help make sure our customers have a variety of options at prices they can afford. It's with this in mind that we offer special financing options to help fund the gear you need to make the music you love.
Click the link below to find out how you can take advantage of our special financing offers. It's fast, easy and secure, and once approved, you can begin shopping at MusiciansFriend.com right away.
Apply for a Musician's Friend Credit Card Today
- All Deals & Discounts
Sometimes it can be hard to keep track of all the incredible deals and promotions we have going on, so we've put them all in one place so you can easily choose the deal that's best for you. This is your ultimate source for gear savings!
- Save 76% On Top Selling Accessories
We have huge savings on our most popular accessories. With savings up to 76% now is the time to stock up! Plus you’ll get free shipping with no minimum purchase on almost everything we carry.
Need Help? Ask our Experts or call 800-449-9128Asistencia en Español 866-226-2919
<|endofexample|>
Go back: Lyrics >Artist & Bands: N>The New Pornographers>Ballad Of A Comeback Kid Lyrics
The New Pornographers – Ballad Of A Comeback Kid Lyrics
High five, look up, look alive, as the scions of history guess another mystery wrong
Recite your lines, and I,ll quote scriptures
Everything was fine until membership lost its privileges
Everyone in town wanted to be around you, this went on for awhile until they finally found you
Ever so careful, on the strip we cruise, crippled in someone else,s shoes
Who knew? Mind you, I never had to stand in line, you did, in the ballad of a comeback kid
Watch your step as you step down from the podium, returned from the war to a hero,s welcome, what,s more you just had to win
[ Ballad Of A Comeback Kid lyrics from ]
Blazing new trails, waving goodbye to the audience, held captive, the crowd was inactive, it made such perfect sense
Ever so careful on the strip we cruise, crippled in someone else,s shoes
Who knew? Mind you, I never had to stand in line, you did
But you won,t, Kelly says she could have
Like a bat out of hell, time has come for you
<|endofexample|>
The Music Maker Association exists to promote live performance and recording of all styles of music from Folk to Blues, Bluegrass, Celtic, Country, Rock, Jazz, World Music and Song Writing. We promote independent Artists and Record Labels Online and In Print through Music Maker Magazine and the online guide. We sell CDs on-line and through a printed catalogue. We promote songwriting through the online Songwriter Showcase.
Subscription and Annual Membership options
<|endofexample|>
The No.1 website for musicians
Javascript is required to play this content.
Hands-on demo with the new John Petrucci signature model
Hands-on with the new John Petrucci signature model
© Future Publishing Limited, Beauford Court, 30 Monmouth Street, Bath BA1 2BW. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
<|endofexample|>
You have undoubtedly seen this Mustang before. The Discovery Channel's American Hot Rod series built this screaming yellow car last year as a centerpiece for one episode. Respected hot-rod builder Boyd Coddington conceived the name Crazy Horse for this hot-rod Mustang effort. Crazy Horse was known as an intuitive, fierce warrior who was determined to defend the Lakota people long ago on the Western prairie. The Crazy Horse '65 Mustang fastback is a noble warrior, hellbent to both survive and defend the legend of hot Ford performance.
During his travels, Scotty Gray, an automobile auctioneer in Texas, unearthed this six-cylinder fastback as a '60s-retro birthday gift for his wife, Nancy. Because Scotty is passionate about hot rods and has quite an extensive collection of his own, it was only natural for him to hook up with Boyd to work on this dusty, rusty, old fastback. Boyd's Hot Rods in Southern California knocked it completely down on television.
Scotty's love for Nancy provided the emotional and spiritual energy to build one hell of a high-performance Mustang classic. He chose a Mustang because Nancy's passion for it caught fire more than 40 years ago when it was introduced in 1964, and it's never wavered. Nancy loved Ford's sporty Mustang as well as the lifestyle centered around owning one. It was a way of life she longed for, and Scotty made her dreams come true. He knew there was plenty of spiritual energy in this old Mustang fastback. It was a survivor.
Boyd and his team started with renderings of what the car should look like. When building an unusual Mustang hot rod, everyone involved in the project needs to know the expectations. Renderings help everyone stay in the same groove, keeping the project on course, but keeping this project on course wasn't easy. On the surface, the car looked like an easy trip. Beneath the surface, there was a lot of rust and body damage Boyd and his team would have to work through-all of it time consuming. The entire front-end assembly from the firewall forward had to be replaced with a junkyard clip. The floor pan needed a lot of custom fabrication.
When all of the sheetmetal work was completed, Boyd's team went to work on making the car fun and safer to drive. Classic Mustangs were never great handlers to begin with, and the four-wheel drum brakes were decidedly unsafe under normal driving conditions. Boyd's people fabricated a front-suspension package that would make this car all but unbeatable in the twisties. They also installed a Boyd's four-link rear suspension. Carolina Racing & Performance provided the technology to do all of this, including rack-and-pinion steering for pinpoint accuracy. QA1 coilover shocks in all four corners made an incredible difference in handling performance. Now it drives like it's mounted on rails.
Instead of the time consuming task of building an engine, Boyd's opted for a 347ci crate small-block V-8 from Ford Racing Performance Parts. Right out of the box, the 347 yields about 400 hp and 390 lb-ft of torque. Boyd's topped the short-block with Ford's GT-40 aluminum heads and an Edelbrock Victor Jr. single-plane manifold with Barry Grant carburetion, and that's a Walter Prosper air cleaner, available from Boyd Coddington. Keep in mind, this is not a high-dollar V-8 engine. It's an affordable package consisting of a nodular-iron crank, hypereutectic 10.0:1 pistons, and super-tough forged I-beam rods. Nancy can spin this puppy to approximately 6,000 rpm and not need a catcher's mitt to collect parts that involuntarily fly off. The 347 is a solid performer that yields both torque and fierce reliability. When you mix the 347 with a 2,800-pound ride, the Crazy Horse Mustang becomes a formidable performance foe.
Managing a 400hp small-block coupled with good old-fashioned efficiency takes a Dr. Evil AOD transmission and a Currie 3.90-geared 9-inch axle. The AOD delivers the power in gears One through Three. And when it's time to cruise, Overdrive works exceedingly well with those 3.90:1 cogs. A 2,500-stall torque converter enables Nancy to get the 347 into the torque curve before it hooks up to the 9-inch.
If you like these wheels-and we do-you'll have to stand in line for a set because these guys are one-offs from Boyd: 17- and 18-inch five-spoke specials manufactured exclusively for this car project. In front are 17x8s wrapped in P225/45ZR17 Goodyears. In back are 18x9s with P235/55ZR18 Goodyears. This is a lot of meat to stuff inside Mustang wheelwells, but it keeps a classic Mustang glued to the pavement under the most demanding conditions.
Inside, there are a lot of nice appointments that make Crazy Horse unique. This slick brushed-aluminum instrument panel and glovebox door are available from JME Enterprises. Lokar provided some cool, shiny bits, including the parking brake, pedals, and automatic shifter. California Mustang provided the rest of the interior. The steering wheel, which matches the wheels, is a Boyd original. A Hot Rod Air climate-control system is subtle, yet functional for hot Texas summers.
Outside, the slippery fastback is dipped in Boyd's Yellow with pewter Le Mans stripes running the length of the ship. This color combination gives the Grays a platinum demeanor wherever they take this one-of-a-kind Mustang.
There are a lot of terrific Mustang restomods out there. However, rare efforts such as this one stand out in the restomod history books. In addition to Hot Rods by Boyd, the love Scotty has for Nancy built this car. And it's that love that keeps this yellow Boyd going strong.
<|endofexample|>
- 
- Wrestling
- STORE
- FANZONE
- Alumni Association
- B-Line
- Browser Theme
- Camps
- Concerts
- Customer Service
- Downloadable Schedules
- Hall of Fame
- Live Audio
- Mizzou Network
- Mizzou Mobile App
- Mizzou Mobile Text Alerts
- Newsletters
- Order Posters
- Photo Galleries
- Promotions
- Radio Affiliates
- SEC Network
- » GetSECNetwork.com
- Social Media
- Tailgating
-
<|endofexample|>
Send this story
Print this story
Adjust text size
Think locally, vote nationally
The upcoming presidential election is one of the most contentious in modern history, in part because so much is at stake. The country is spending billions of dollars per week in Iraq, the economy is in trouble and health care costs are skyrocketing, to name only a few concerns.
Less obvious are the ways in which the new occupant of the White House directly affects the city and people of Mountain View. But make no mistake: Whether the new president is Barack Obama or John McCain could substantially influence Mountain View's economy, environment and schools. Here are some examples of how:
• The next president likely will appoint a new head of the Environmental Protection Agency, which decides how aggressively cleanup occurs at sites such as the toxic TCE plume at Moffett Field.
"It's very likely that Obama's EPA would be much more protective for things like TCE cleanup," said Lenny Siegel of the Center for Public Environmental Oversight. "EPA staff have been told they can't do what they want for political reasons. As for McCain, what I hear from people in Arizona is that he hasn't paid much attention to these issues."
Siegel also said a Democratic president probably would be more accessible to the local congressional representatives trying to save Moffett's Hangar One. However, McCain's history with the Navy may make him partial to restoring the historic structure as well.
• People at City Hall are keeping a close watch on the economy, which has major impacts on city revenue sources.
"Anybody who can improve the national economy is going to be good for Mountain View," said city manager Kevin Duggan.
Duggan said the new president's views on federal housing programs and community development block grants, or CDBGs, also will be important to the city, which channels these funds to numerous programs and services. Typically, a Democrat is more amenable to handing out federal funds for community services.
• Local educators question how productive the federal No Child Left Behind legislation has been, and say the next president has a lot of work to do in fixing the country's educational system.
NCLB was signed into effect in 2001 in the hopes of improving public primary and secondary education by establishing accountability at the local levels through testing and benchmarks. Although it looks good on paper, the legislation sets unreasonable goals in a small timeframe. This can be counterproductive in a city like Mountain View, which has a large percentage of Latino and low-income students.
Educators say they agree with the concept of accountability, but want a system that will work. Although neither candidate addresses NCLB head-on, Obama's education plan calls for a multi-billion-dollar increase — with a focus on "high-needs schools" — while McCain's much flimsier plan calls for little increase in funding. We believe Obama will pay closer attention to this issue, which affects every Mountain View resident.
According to our calendars, this Thursday, Sept. 11, was "Patriot Day." It's a fitting day to consider the direction we're headed, since the attacks of seven years ago have permanently altered the course of our nation. When you go to the polls on Nov. 4, think closely on what you want out of your government. A lot is at stake, even locally.
Posted by mv, a resident of another community, on Sep 12, 2008 at 12:20 am
How much did Obama pay the Voice for this hit piece?
Posted by Don Frances, Mountain View Voice Editor, on Sep 12, 2008 at 10:37 amDon Frances is a member (registered user) of Mountain View Online
The editorial staff of the Voice is actually allowed to express its opinions in an editorial -- and does so for free.
Posted by mv, a resident of another community, on Sep 12, 2008 at 10:41 am
Fine but this editorial relies far too much on speculation not on cited evidence.
Posted by Don Frances, Mountain View Voice Editor, on Sep 12, 2008 at 10:48 amDon Frances is a member (registered user) of Mountain View Online
Posted by Ron, a resident of the Monta Loma neighborhood, on Sep 13, 2008 at 4:36 pm
Hitler was a community organizer.
Teddy Rooseveldt was a governor.
Posted by Al Bundy, a resident of the Cuesta Park neighborhood, on Sep 13, 2008 at 5:08 pm
And The Voice is about as rock bottom you can get as an.
<|endofexample|>
Send this story
Print this story
Adjust text size
Art and music 'essential' to our humanity
CSMA helps fuels creativity in a tech-minded valley
by Nick Veronin individual.
<|endofexample|>
Gian Francesco Malipiero was born in Venice on 18 March 1882. He studied as a composer, but spent valuable years transcribing early Italian music and wrote books on Antonio Vivaldi and others. He destroyed most of his own music prior to 1914 and was then prolific to his death (1 August 1973; Treviso).
<|endofexample|>
About D2
Background
When Washington Dulles International Airport opened in 1962, it was the first U.S. airport built for commercial jet aircraft. Airline travelers were in a distinct minority, and “those flying machines” at the Airport were seen as an exotic form of transportation to far away places. But increases in passenger jet travel made aviation a prominent fixture of the nation’s economy.
By the late 1980’s, Dulles International began setting the pace for growth in the region. Over the next decade, that growth accelerated. From 1995 to 1998, passengers using the Airport increased by 28 percent--from 12.5 to nearly 16 million. In 1999, Dulles was the fastest growing airport in the country with an annual growth rate of 25.7%, compared to the industry average growth rate of 2.9%. In 2000, the Airport surpassed the 20 million passenger mark. In 2003, even with the reduction in air travel following September 11, 2001, Dulles served 17 million passengers and in 2006, the number topped 23 million. Today Dulles continues to surpass its own records for passenger travel.
The airlines have taken note of the remarkable growth in the Washington region and the resulting increased demand for air service and expanded their presence at Dulles International. Today’s traveler can fly to 44 different foreign destinations and 80 U.S. cities from Dulles. To support this level of service, about 20,000 people are employed at the airport and thousands more have jobs closely associated with airport activities.
Construction History - Late 1980's-1990's
During Dulles Airport’s early years, the facilities met or exceeded demand. Aircraft parked away from the Main Terminal, and flights were met by “Mobile Lounges” which transported passengers above the ground. In the mid-1980’s a temporary Midfield Concourse was built to allow more aircraft to use gates with jet bridges. Mobile Lounge service began operations between the Main Terminal and this new Concourse. As passenger levels grew, so did the investment in airport infrastructure.
From 1987, when the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority was created, through 1999, the Airports Authority invested $1.5 billion in an expansion program which doubled the size of the Main Terminal, added two permanent Midfield Concourses, expanded Customs and Immigration facilities, modernized ticket counter and baggage claim space, improved the roadways, and added cargo facilities.
“D2” Phase of Dulles Construction Begins
Growth projections for both passengers and aircraft operations highlighted the need for even more airport facilities in the future. In 2000, the Airports Authority Board of Directors approved a second phase of capital investment which is called D2, the Dulles Development program.
Completed D2 projects include two new Daily Parking Garages, passenger walkways with moving sidewalks connecting the garages to the Main Terminal and connecting the Main Terminal to Concourse B, reconstruction of Runway 12-30, new permanent Z-gates at the Terminal, an expansion of Concourse B, a fourth runway, the AeroTrain system, multiple roadway improvements, the renovation of the original 1962 Eero Saarinen-designed terminal, including improved ticketing counters and new baggage claim devices and the construction of a new Airport Traffic Control Tower for the Federal Aviation Administration.
“D2” Into the Future
Future D2 projects call for expanding the Z-gates, expanding the International Arrivals Building in the Main Terminal, constructing a fifth runway, and building a new permanent Concourse beyond the present location of Concourse C and D. Dulles is in a constant state of evolution and improvement. The challenge for the Airports Authority is to continue to keep pace with growth in air service and meet the future traveling needs of the Washington region.
<|endofexample|>
Vivid Awareness: The Mind Instructions of Khenpo Gangshar
Item Description.
Product Details
- Author: Khenchen Thrangu
- Publication Date: 2011-01-11
- Publisher: Shambhala
- Product Group: Book
- Manufacturer: Shambhala
- Binding: Paperback, 256 pages
- Item Dimensions:
- Dimensions: 0L x 0W x 0H
- Weight: 77
- Package Dimensions:
- Dimensions: 890L x 591W x 79H
- Weight: 71
- List Price: $22.95
- ISBN: 1590308166
- ASIN: 1590308166
<|endofexample|>
UPnP Implementers Forum Releases AVS and takes Home Network to the Next Level
Short Description
The home network takes another step forward. The UPnP™ Forum announced the release of version 2 of the UPnP Audio Video specifications (UPnP AV v2), which enable the next progression of the AV-oriented home network. The UPnP AV specifications use the UPnP Device Architecture specifications – the core interoperability technology for all UPnP enabled devices – allowing different companies to build home network products that automatically locate and identify each other without any end-user configuration.
Website: | Filesize: 21kb
No of Page(s): 3
Read more
Pioneering the Ubiquitous Home Network New AMD Silicon Solutions for Phone Line Networking
Short Description
The introduction of AMD’s first home networking controller will change the way consumers interact with their personal computers. AMD’s new single-chip controller is fully compliant with the Home Phoneline Networking Alliance’s (HomePNA) initial specification for 1 Mbps data transfer over standard telephone wiring. Utilizing the widely endorsed HomePNA technology and leveraging significant expertise in enterprise networking allows AMD to produce a highly-integrated device capable of meeting the growing consumer demand for an inexpensive, easy-to-use technology allowing for the sharing of computing resources among many different PCs. The PCnet™-Home single-chip controller marries Ethernet with in-home telephone wiring to deliver on the promises of home networking.
Website: | Filesize: 213kb
No of Page(s): 7
Read more
Home Network Security
Short Description
Home computers that are connected to the Internet are under attack and need to be secured. That process is relatively well understood, even though we do not have perfect solutions today and probably never will. Meanwhile, however, the home computing environment is evolving into a home network of multiple devices, which will also need to be secured. We have little experience with these new home networks and much research needs to be done in this area. This paper gives a view of the requirements and some of the techniques available for securing home networks.
Website: download.intel.com | Filesize: 427kb
No of Page(s): 14
Read more
Red Hat Linux 6.X as an Internet Gateway for a Home Network
Short Description
This.
Website: | Filesize: 91kb
No of Page(s): 19
Read more
Home Network Models
Short Description
+ The MIPv6 Home is a subnet on a physical link
+ tied to a LINK due to Proxy ND stuff
+ NEMO: Home Network becomes an aggregation:
- The Home Network IS NOT NECESSARILY contained on a Home Link (eg extended Home Network)
+ NEMO: Home Link can be virtual:
- Virtual Home Network
- When MR does not need to return Home
Website: | Filesize: 22kb
No of Page(s): 7
Read more
Network Setup Guide NEW.pub
Short Description
This guide outlines the procedures for networking Schedule Star. Thoroughly review this guide with your network administrator before proceeding. Sharing Schedule Star across a local area network (LAN) gives multiple users simultaneous access to the same data. Since every user is working from a single copy of Schedule Star, networking avoids the confusion and risks of trying to synchronize multiple copies of the program using backup disks. A change made by one user appears almost instantly, keeping everyone up to date on scheduling changes. A view-only mode lets you share schedules while protecting your sensitive data. Your purchase agreement allows for unlimited networked copies with no additional “per seat” licensing fees.
Website: | Filesize: 295kb
No of Page(s): 6
Read more
Your Gateway Windows Network Installation Guide PC Card model WBM-120
Short Description
This chapter describes how to install a Gateway wireless Ethernet PC Card on your Windows XP computer and configure Windows XP for a wireless Ethernet network. Complete these tasks in sequence:
- “Step 1: Installing the hardware and software” on page 2.
- “Step 2: Configuring the wireless device” on page 5.
- “Step 3: Configuring the TCP/IP protocol” on page 12.
If you need to install and configure the wireless device for other versions of Windows, see “Windows 98SE, Windows Me, and Windows 2000″ on page 17.
Website: support.gateway.com | Filesize: 2309kb
No of Page(s): 48
Read more
← Previous Page — Next Page →
<|endofexample|>
Since Halloween is coming. Anybody got any?
Carved pumpkin
Images on October 17th, 2009 by Systemdown83 | Report This Post |Posted in
Add to favorites
10 Responses to Carved pumpkin
Since Halloween is coming. Anybody got any?
October 17, 2009 at 4:00 am
Faye Valentine from Cowboy Bebop?
October 17, 2009 at 4:15 am
That’s Re-L Mayer from Ergo Proxy.
October 17, 2009 at 4:17 am
ergo proxy pwns. especially at first.
October 17, 2009 at 7:07 am
This is dope, did you make it?
And yeah the first 12 episodes of Ergo Proxy are quite magnificent.
October 17, 2009 at 9:36 am
I wonder if there is a way to laser carve a pumpkin.
October 17, 2009 at 2:37 pm
reel skillz
October 18, 2009 at 9:44 am
Yep I carved this last halloween. It would have been better but I had only two hours to carve it. Made the other pumpkins look bad. I’m going to try another one like this year but from a different anime. We’ll see how it goes.
October 18, 2009 at 10:34 am
Only two hours? That’s impressive. Sounds good, and don’t forget to post pictures if you succeed.
October 18, 2009 at 10:39 am
Do one that says M[c]S so you can gain ass-licking VIP privileges.
October 18, 2009 at 2:30 pm
Don’t really see them over here. Mainly plastic ones with lights in ‘em
<|endofexample|>
There are poppies in the back, too ... and Linaria ... and Phlox ...
and Alyssum ... and Violas ...
and Larkspur ... and roses ...
I know I've been rather infrequent in my posts lately ... it's not that the garden isn't full of photo ops or blogworthy happenings ... it's that the Head Gardener and I spend most of our free time out there making it picture perfect (oh, that got a chuckle from the HG) and blogworthy. The weather has been a mixed bag ... too little rain and too many warm and humid days already. Just when I'm ready to give it all up and run away to Hawaii, a day like today comes along: the air is cool and dry, the sun is shining and the garden casts its spell upon me once again.
It's also casting its spell upon visitors and passersby. On Tuesday, the delightful Pat Leuchtmann of Commonweeder and her equally congenial husband Henry visited Wit's End. We strolled the gardens and talked plants, birds, chickens, seeds, roses and Seattle Fling. Pat's account of their visit can be found on her contribution to Three for Thursday. I'm so glad they made the trek out here and I'm already looking forward to seeing Pat again in Seattle in July. On Wednesday, I hosted the March meeting of my WOW pals. The Women of W(h)ine [the Head Gardener came up with the name] sipped wine and strolled through the gardens, chattering and exclaiming. None of them are gardeners but the WOW were nonetheless wowed! As for passersby, although I receive comments of approbation and appreciation from different folks, one in particular stands out for me and I wanted to share it with y'all. What we gardeners do makes a difference in more lives than we know.
13 comments:
Love, love the note. How nice of her to take the time to write it. No doubt, there are many, many other who are thinking about writing one someday and I hope I'm one of them.
Everything is picture perfect!
Awww, that's just the best Cindy. How lucky you are to get a note. Your beautiful exuberant garden deserves it and so do you.~~Dee
oh, love that note and the bright world of your garden. Peace, out!
So sweet of that person to leave that note for you. We should always remember that gardens touch people's hearts in many ways.
Cindy your talents are numerous--gardening, writing and wittiness too. I know this won't take as usual..............
Cindy, What a wonderful compliment and tribute to your beautiful garden and the hard work you've put into it! gail
How wonderful to get that affirmation. I'm so happy for you!
A long time ago, we put out hand-painted Sesame Street cutouts for holiday decorations and someone left a note in our mailbox how much they liked them. I know exactly how you feel!!
Love the note! I know just how she felt, having experienced the delight of that garden at first hand. Here at the End of the Road we have very few passersby!
Your garden looks a vision of loveliness with all of those pink poppies. How nice that someone took the time to leave her thoughts in writing for you, in appreciation of your garden's beauty.
Your yard is breathtaking! I would love to just sit a spell with coffee or maybe wine in the evening. BTW--my pink poppies (from your seeds) are starting to bloom. Thanks so much!!
a friend of mine says when you find worms in the compost you can stop reading the book (on how to compost, or otherwise garden). i'd say the same thing goes when you get a hand-written note from a passerby, like the one you shared with us. well done cindy!
-andrea
I was really touched by her note AND by all your lovely words. Gardening has brought many blessings to my life ... comments like hers and yours are amongst those blessings!
<|endofexample|>
We've sent an Email with instructions on how to reset your password.
Do you have a question or want to give us some feedback? Check out the FAQ section, contact us via the contact form, or post in our forums.
Gface Social Network
All rights reserved. Crytek, Crysis, Crysis Warhead, Crysis Wars, CryNet are registered trademarks of Crytek in the EU, the USA & other countries. GFACE and the GFACE logo are registered trademarks of GFACE GmbH in the EU, the USA & other countries. EA and the EA logo are trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
<|endofexample|>
BY GWEN KENNEALLY Last weekend I had the pleasure of catering long time Studio City resident Richard Doran’s 70th birthday party! His wife Elaine and I had been plotting for months to make this a truly special event! Since Richard is a … [Read more...]
Follow My Daily Find
<|endofexample|>
Featured Quizzes
Take Quiz
Take Quiz
Take Quiz
Kick Your Sugar Habit
berries chocolate diet dietfriendly foods exercise fruit habit massage sugar
SPONSORED:
You are about to walk out of the supermarket and there it is, that sweet jelly donut you've been craving all day. You know you shouldn't have it. What do you do?
Well, you have two options. You could accede to your desires and buy that donut and feel guilty later, or choose a healthier alternative. It is hard to believe there are healthy foods out there that are tasty as well. But there are plenty of ways to come off the sweet train without depriving yourself. In other words, it's possible to satisfy that sweet tooth without sabotaging your diet.
EAT LESS
Take smaller portions of those sweet foods. For example, instead of eating three chocolate chip cookies a day, eat two with a piece of banana. Instead of eating two slices of chocolate cake eat, settle for one. Accompany the chocolate cake with some fruit salad. Do this for the first week. This will train the body to eat less unhealthy sugar and more natural sugar. One day of the week, go all out and feast on all of the fruit you want when you feel the urge to snack on Milanos.
DRINK WATER
Water will reduce your appetite altogether. You will not have as many cravings and you will lose weight in the process. Water cleans out your body. Every time you eat something sweet, have a glass of water.
MIX IT UP
Now that you have gone a week without eating all of the cupcakes, it is time to mix it up. Have a piece of cake once a week. Look at it as a reward for eating less during the week. Continue to add fruit with it. Berries are good. Why don't you add some strawberries on top of that chocolate cake? Mix some fruit in with your pancake batter. Add some cherries in with your oatmeal. Have some grapes and cherries with the sweet snack of your choice. The name of the game is to add healthy fruits with those sinful snacks.
<|endofexample|>
Hey big spenders! Local businesses get a fair dinkum boost
LOCAL businesses received a boost of at least $16,500 thanks to the Grafton Fair Dinkum Country Music Festival which was held from last Tuesday to Sunday.
Event organiser Bob Vickers asked Roundup participants to provide copies of dockets from any local purchases during their stay.
About 60 caravan and motorhomes were parked at the Grafton Showground for most of the week and, Mr Vickers said, many took the opportunity to fix or upgrade their vans with large purchases including fridges, barbecues, servicing and batteries.
"It's good news for the town," said Mr Vickers, who was on the road yesterday to the next event on the traditional country calendar in Pittsworth, Queensland.
As for the festival itself, fans of traditional country music certainly couldn't complain, Mr Vickers said.
"Just about every one of them that said goodbye said it was fantastic and they'd be back next year and bring their friends with them."
Mr Vickers said the festival had grown from about 30 vans and 100 patrons last year to double on both counts this year. He said there were plenty more reminders about handing over shopper dockets this year than last year - which recorded only $1600 in dockets.
The festival was assisted this year with $2000 from Clarence Valley Council, a free PA system from Buckley's Music and other corporate sponsorship.
Fair Dinkum economics:
- Money spent (official) - $16,500
- Estimated additional spending - $2000
- Crowd - maximum 200
<|endofexample|>
Vivienne Westwood teams up with English National Ballet?
<|endofexample|>
Get Jennifer Lopez’s Topshop/designer look
We guess there was some truth in her “don’t be fooled by the rocks that I got, I’m still Jenny from the block” song lyrics from all those years ago, [...]Read more ›
We guess there was some truth in her “don’t be fooled by the rocks that I got, I’m still Jenny from the block” song lyrics from all those years ago, [...]Read more ›
Ah, a vision in white is exactly what Jennifer Lopez was, as she took to the red carpet for the Las Vegas premiere of her latest movie, ‘Parker’. Famed for [...]Read more ›
Jennifer Lopez rocked two of the biggest red carpet trends when she attended the Weinstein Company’s Golden Globes after-party at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in a stunning black Zuhair Murad [...]Read more ›
You know it’s serious when a fash-off involves leather. This week sees two uber-chic ladies go head-to-head in a killer leather ensemble, as Eva Longoria and Jennifer Lopez make it virtually [...]Read more ›
The Chanel shows during Paris Fashion Week always have an elite crowd in attendance, and today’s spring/summer 2013 show was no exception. Among the impeccably dressed A-list front rowers was [...]Read more ›
Jennifer Lopez and Kelly Brook; two ladies from opposite sides of the pond, but both famed for making heads turn with displays of their, erm, generous derrieres and a penchant for [...]Read more ›
Like a true world-class diva, Jennifer Lopez has kept us waiting for her InStyle US September issue, but we definitely think it’s been worth it. See pic above for proof! [...]Read more ›
Zuhair Murad dressing Jennifer Lopez for her upcoming tour is a match made in heaven.Read more ›
For this week’s Rate or Slate, the A-list style choices have left us, well, in a bit of a fashion pickle and only reinforced our indecisiveness! 18-year-old Dakota Fanning opted [...]Read more ›
Jennifer Lopez has once again proved that she doesn’t always have to be in the tightest, cleavage-revealing, Oscar-worthy dresses to look absolutely breathtaking.Read more ›
CFDA Awards nominations are in! They’re here! Diane Von Furstenberg announced the nominees and honourees of the CFDA Awards 2012… Johnny Depp will be receiving a Fashion Icon award in [...]Read more ›
Anna Wintour has only gone and got Jennifer Lopez to front the April issue of American Vogue (which incidentally happens to be the magazine’s annual shape issue) wearing a red [...]Read more ›
We have serious cheekbone envy right now! And leg envy. We’re pretty much jealous of every part of J-Lo’s body, which she proudly displays in these pictures shot by Mario [...]Read more ›
<|endofexample|>
Millions of people have lost weight using MyFitnessPal, the world's largest nutritional database & easiest calorie counter — get it now, completely FREE!
- Doctor recommended studies show that diet journals are essential for weight loss.
- Largest food database - over 2,000,000 entries
- Track all major nutrients - calories, fat, protein, carbs, sugar, fiber, cholesterol and more
- Sync with our free iPhone, Android and Blackberry apps - now with a barcode scanner!
- Completely free
)
<|endofexample|>
Binary Options Weekly Setup for August 20-24
Hi María here. Happy Monday. Today I am sharing this great analysis hope you enjoy it.
Do you know?
You have 11 instruments to choose from so start trading binary options now
This week, starting August 20th, with 16 new events including the Canadian Core Retail Sales and the Swiss Trade Balance. Pay attention to the U.S. New Home Sales Home Sales on Thursday.
Let’s review the events. All times are GMT.
1.U.K. Public Sector Net Borrowing: Published on Tuesday at 09:30 GMT. The market expects a score of -2.8B. If the outcome is 12.4B or more, PUT GBP/USD. If the result is -3.0B or less, CALL option on GBP/USD.
2.U.K. CBI Industrial Order Expectations: Tuesday, 11:00. Exp. -7. -5 or more, CALL GBP/USD. -8 or less, PUT GBP/USD.
3.Canadian Wholesale Sales: Tuesday, 01:30. Exp. 0.4%. 1.0% or higher, PUT USD/CAD. 0.2% or lower, CALL USD/CAD.
4.Japanese Trade Balance: Wednesday, 00:50. Exp. -0.46T. -0.29T or more, PUT USD/JPY. -0.48T or less, CALL USD/JPY.
5.Canadian Core Retail Sales: Wednesday, 13:30. Exp. 0.4%. 0.6% or higher, PUT USD/CAD. 0.3% or lower, CALL USD/CAD.
6.U.S. Existing Home Sales: Wednesday, 15:00. Exp. 4.52M. 4.55M or more, CALL USD/JPY. 4.29M or less, PUT USD/JPY.
7.Swiss Trade Balance: Thursday, 07:00. Exp. 2.10B. 2.28B or more, PUT USD/CHF. 2.03B or less, CALL USD/CHF.
8.German Flash Manufacturing PMI: Thursday, 08:30. Exp. 43.6. 43.9 or more, CALL EUR/USD. 42.8 or less, PUT EUR/USD.
9.U.K. BBA Mortgage Approvals: Thursday, 09:30. Exp. 28.2K. 28.9K or more, CALL GBP/USD. 26.0K or less, PUT GBP/USD.
10.U.K. CBI Realized Sales: Thursday, 11:00. Exp. 16. 18 or more, CALL GBP/USD. 10 or less, PUT GBP/USD.
11.U.S. Unemployment Claims: Thursday, 13:30. Exp. 365K. 370K or more, PUT USD/JPY. 363K or less, CALL USD/JPY.
12.U.S. Flash Manufacturing PMI: Thursday, 14:00. Exp. 51.3. 51.8 or more, CALL USD/JPY. 51.1 or less, PUT USD/JPY.
13.U.S. New Home Sales Home Sales: Thursday, 15:00. Exp. 362K. 369K or more, CALL USD/JPY. 343K or less, PUT USD/JPY.
14.U.K. Revised GDP: Friday, 09:30. Exp. -0.5%. -0.3% or higher, CALL GBP/USD. -0.8% or lower, PUT GBP/USD.
15.U.S. Core Durable Goods Orders: Friday, 13:30. Exp. 0.5%. 0.6% or higher, CALL USD/JPY. -1.6% or lower, PUT USD/JPY.
16.Belgium NBB Business Climate: Friday, 14:00. Exp. -10.8. -9.6 or more, CALL EUR/USD. -11.7 or less, PUT EUR/USD.
More information about Binary options CLICK HERE..
---Published at Forexcrunch.com
More information about Binary Options ENTER HERE
Have a great day!
María
Smart solutions for your professional trading
Views: 4
Comment
You need to be a member of My Forex Space - Online Forex Trading Community to add comments!
Join My Forex Space - Online Forex Trading Community
<|endofexample|>
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) --.
Main Station: 507-252-4747
6301 Bandel Road NW
Rochester, MN 55901
Newsroom: 507-281-4747
Tollfree: 1-877-FOX47TV
news@myfox47.com
<|endofexample|>
Two separate disputes have people across Fulton County wondering who would be in charge of picking up stray animals or investigating dog attacks beginning January 1.As Fox5 I-Team reporter Randy Travis reports, commissioners have agreed to temporarily keep a troubled vendor and continue providing animal services for all 14 cities in the county.
It's hard to imagine Fulton County would let stray animals run wild on the streets of Atlanta come January 1 even if the city didn't specifically ban bullhooks for elephants at traveling circuses.Commissioners still condemn the use of bullhooks by circuses like Ringling Brothers, but they realized if they kicked the city out of the shared animal services contract, the remaining cities and Fulton County would have to chip in more money. Instead, the city has agreed to let animal control officers monitor circus elephants around the clock when they come to town and issue $500 tickets if the controversial bullhooks are used.But the larger issue deals not with elephants, but dogs and cats, and whether a vendor the FOX 5 I-Team has investigated in the past should still be in charge."The issue with Barking Hound Village is not one of the delivery of services necessarily. The issue and the problem came about as a result of a TV investigation that found that there was a problem with an audit where money was raised that should not have been co-mingled but was in fact co-mingled," said Fulton County Commissioner Robb Pitts.Not just co-mingled, but the I-Team investigation and a county audit found tax money misspent by Barking Hound Village Foundation for things like expensive restaurants and trips to New York.Auditors identified more than $45,000, but when they tried to examine the complete books, Barking Hound refused to turn over the requested records.Former volunteers allege to county officials that some valuable dogs are sold out the back door, or given to friends while others improperly get free but expensive vet care.The county is investigating."I will say that based on what I've seen first-hand, there are some outstanding issues. There's some capital needs. There's some cleanliness needs, as well as some just management needs," said Commissioner Chairman John Eaves."If a fraction of what was alleged is accurate, we have a serious problem. So it's time to change vendors," said Commissioner Liz Hausmann.Two non-profits have stepped forward to bid on the contract, but too late to be considered for Wednesday's meeting, so commissioners agreed to extend the contract for Barking Hound Village Foundation on a month-to-month basis, giving staff time to recommend who should be the new boss."What I'm fearful of possibility that the county might take this over which is problematic when we have a wonderful, qualified vendor," said animal advocate Alison Hector.And a lot of people paying attention to dogs and cats in Fulton County once again.In a statement to the I-Team, Barking Hound president David York denied all the allegations of mismanagement. He says he's actually been spending thousands of dollars of his own money to keep the shelter running each month.Even though York says he's ready to end the contract, he has agreed to stay until as late as next summer.CLICK THE VIDEO ABOVE TO WATCH THE STORY!
Previous stories on Barking Hound Village Foundation:
Thanks for contacting FOX 5. To reach our newsroom by phone, please call (404) 898-0100.
1551 Briarcliff Rd., NEAtlanta, GA 30306Main Number: (404) 875-5555News Tips: (404) 898-0100
<|endofexample|>
A New Jersey girl undergoing chemotherapy treatments has found a way to help the homeless while also taking her mind off of her own challenges.
Ella Wilson and her mom, Terri, drive into Philadelphia every Thursday for treatment for neurofibromatosis, a genetic disorder that causes tumors to grow on the nerves.
One day, the first grader noticed a homeless woman holding a sign.
After asking her mom what the woman wanted, the two decided they'd bring food with them on their next stop into Philly.
Ella and her mom returned to the same intersection where they saw the woman, Morgan, and brought her food.
Now, every Thursday the two bring food and blankets with them on their way to Ella's treatments.
You can help Ella raise money for neurofibromatosis research on her Facebook page "Hope for Ella."
25 FOX DriveDedham, MA 02026
Phone (781) 467-2525
<|endofexample|>
After more than a week of searching, police have finally located what is believed to be the body of Patrick Mikes, Senior, a missing father from Troy. It was found Friday along with a bicycle.The investigation has led police from a Troy home to a cornfield in Montrose Township off Morris Road in Genesee County. They think the body was there since July 28. What is believed to be Mikes' bike was also discovered in the field just 15 feet away from where the body was found. Troy police are waiting on confirmation that it is indeed Patrick Mikes.Police were very close to the body Thursday night when they decided to wrap up for the evening."The search team that night was within about 30 feet of the body when we called for the termination of that search," said Captain Robert Redmond.Son Patrick Mikes, Junior is in jail. He has hired an attorney and is charged with murder.A car was noticed in Montrose Township on Saturday, July 28 in an area that we're told is traveled lightly. The body was found near where that vehicle was driving."I would say that it was within about two miles of where we had two people identify the car that matched the description of Patrick Mikes, Junior's car as being cruising up and down their street very slowly," Redmond said.17 police agencies searched 25 square miles. The field where the body was found is full of corn stalks almost five feet high.
WHBQ-TV | Fox 13 485 S. Highland St.Memphis, TN 38111Main Station: (901) 320-1313Newsroom: (901) 320-1340
<|endofexample|>
At least 15 people were hurt Tuesday night when a passenger van and SUV collided in Ocean County.
The crash happened around 7 p.m. at New Hampshire and Oberlin avenues in Lakewood Township.
The van was carrying contract workers of Enterprise Car Company who had just dropped off rental cars in Lakewood. They were returning to Newark when they were hit.
One person is in critical condition and was flown by helicopter to a nearby hospital. Several others suffered broken bones.
It's not yet clear what caused the accident. Police tell FOX 29 they don't suspect alcohol to be involved.
WHBQ-TV | Fox 13 485 S. Highland St.Memphis, TN 38111Main Station: (901) 320-1313Newsroom: (901) 320-1340
<|endofexample|>
Family and friends attended the funeral of a 14-year-old teen that was shot and killed in a Bronx Park last week.
Police say Kemar Brooks was found dead by his father in Haffen Park in Baychester with a gunshot wound to the head on July 27.
Brooks was an honor student and avid tennis player.
Authorities do not know what Brooks was doing when he was shot.
There have been no arrests made.
<|endofexample|>
. Most of Romney's income is from investments held in a blind trust, and campaign aides have stressed that he makes no decisions on how his money is invested. During the 20-year period, the Romneys paid an effective federal income tax rate of between 13.45 percent and 13.66 percent (n August, based on the January estimate of income, that he paid at least 13 percent in income taxes in each of the last 10 years." Romney told reporters in August that he's never paid less than 13 percent is below that of many Americans because most of it flows from capital gains, which are taxed at 15 percent whereas the top marginal income tax rate now is 35 percent. On average, middle-income families, those making from $50,000 to $75,000 a year, pay 12.8 percent."
<|endofexample|>
One person is dead and several others were injured after someone threw a molotov cocktail at a home on Detroit's east side Sunday morning.
"I was asleep. I heard banging at the door - it was my neighbor," said Marco Johnson, 30, who lives in the home. "She was saying 'Fire, Fire!'"
"Chaos, total chaos," said Detroit Police Commander Steve Dolunt. "It was my understand that when we got here it was total chaos."
Eight other people were in the home on Kenmoor around 6 a.m., when police say 2 men driving a dark-colored Chevy Malibu drove up and threw the firebomb threw the front window.
"I tried going out through the doorway, but there was too much smoke," Johnson said. "My family was in there... I had to go out through the back."
Johnson made it out through the back porch. Other family members also struggled to find a safe exit.
A family member says Robert Inman, 51, was killed in the firebombing. Three others were in critical condition.
Johnson says he has no idea why someone would target the family.
"I don't know what's wrong with people," Dolunt said. "The homeowner is in the hospital, as well. Fire arson and Homicide are going to look at it and try to figure out this mess."
Police and arson crews are investigating.
WTXF-TV330 Market StreetPhiladelphia, PA 19106-2796Phone: (215) 925-2929Fax: (215) 982-5494
<|endofexample|>
Having.
"One of our first goals is to win the division," coach Jimbo Fisher said. "Now we have to play the Florida game, get in the ACC championship game and see where that goes." defensive lineman Bjoern Werner said. "Now we got Florida next and then we can go to Charlotte (N.C.). It's awesome."
EJ Manuel completed 17 of 23 passes for 144 yards and two scores to supplement a running game that gained 237 yards.."
<|endofexample|>
SUNDAY, June 17 (HealthDay News) -- A few simple changes in how people grill outdoors, such as avoiding too much beef or processed meats and not charring foods, can aid in cancer prevention, according to an expert.
. safely:
Add color (but not red meat). By cutting back on red meat and grilling a wider variety of colorful fruits and vegetables, people will increase their intake of phytochemicals. These naturally occurring compounds found in plants offer protection against cancer, Bender said. She suggested grilling vegetables like asparagus, onions, mushrooms, zucchini, eggplant and corn on the cob, which can be grilled whole, in chunks or in a basket. When grilling fruits, she noted, brush them with olive oil so they won't stick. Bender added that fruits should be grilled a day or two before they are completely ripe so they retain their texture.
Mix it up. Opt for chicken or fish instead of hamburgers or hotdogs.
Marinate. Marinating meat reduces the formation of HCAs, Bender advised. Marinating meats in seasoned vinegar or lemon juice for even just 30 minutes can be beneficial, she noted.
Pre-cook (partially). Pre-cooking meat will reduce the amount of time it spends exposed to high heat on the grill and reduce the formation of HCAs. Bender cautioned that partially pre-cooked meats should be transferred from the kitchen to the grill right away.
Cook slowly. By grilling meats slowly at a lower heat, they are less likely to burn or char. Bender said this will reduce the amount of HCAs and PAHs that end up on people's plates.
Bender added that visible fat should be trimmed off meats to avoid high flames or flare-ups, and that any charred portions of meat should also be cut off.
More information
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has more about grilling safety.
KMSP-TV11358 Viking DriveEden Prairie, MN 55344
Phone: (952) 944-9999Fax: (952) 942-0455
<|endofexample|>
Waterford
General Waterford info
Waterford Genealogy, Accommodation, Maps etc
[]
The strange and disappointing problems of locating Irish genealogy, 06/06/2012 4:42 pm
Dates announced for the Carlsberg Comedy Carnival, 08/06/2010 7:16 pm
Dublin City Soul Festival returns for its 4th year, 12/05/2010 6:38 pm
Total registered: 37664
Users online: 0
Anonymous online: 0
Waterford Genealogy, Accommodation, Maps etc
[]
<|endofexample|>
Weekend Forecast: Friday demands that you establish firm boundaries with yourself and others. If not, you could wind up knee-deep (and resentful) in commitments you’re simply not interested in fulfilling. Don’t let yourself become a victim of emotional manipulation, especially with people who know where your soft spot lies. With your heart of gold, Leo, you’ll probably want to lend an assist, but make sure it’s not at your own expense. If you wind up suffering so someone else can prosper, you’re making way too big a sacrifice. Don’t go there! On Saturday, the moon moves into Leo for the remainder of the weekend, restoring your joie de vivre. Venture beyond your regular stomping grounds and quench your thirst for the new and unexplored. Do you have time to travel? Throw together an overnight bag and snag a last-minute deal to visit a dear friend in another city, or gather your BFFs for a road trip with no specific destination in mind. If you need to stay closer to home base, reserve Saturday night for socializing. Be it a pizza and movie night at your place, belting out tunes at your favorite karaoke bar or taking a group snowboarding lesson, you’ll be at your best surrounded by an optimistic and active crew. With the full moon in Leo on Sunday, you feel at the top of your game…and others will definitely take notice. You might even be publicly recognized for your talents in the coming two weeks, so make sure you’re “camera-ready” at all times. Sunday is also prime time to make a bold request, one that kind of makes your knees shake. One caveat: You’ll have to give people time to process your larger-than-life idea. Be patient. Good things come to those who wait.
>
<|endofexample|>
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-366670691377891263.post4934019132926863864..comments2011-11-18T17:01:46.168-05:00Comments on My McDonald Meal: Engery Boosting Meal with Jovial PastaMy McDonald Meal always such a positive role model, Melissa! ...Your always such a positive role model, Melissa! I'll have to be on the lookout for this pasta.<br /><br />P.S. It getting dark in the middle of the day is driving me crazy too!Candy'm not a fan of the early sundown either! Hu...I'm not a fan of the early sundown either! Hurry up spring (:<br /><br />I bought some cookies at the Coop that had that flour in them (I think that's what it was) but I had no idea it had that much fiber and protein! <br /><br /.Danielle
<|endofexample|>
Who Do You Think You Are?
May 21, 2012
For Mother's Day this year, I made my mom a "Mother Tree" in cross-stitch. It traces the maternal line of the family back to 1754, through each marriage and birth of a daughter. And, I could never have done it without the genealogy resources at the Library.
Ancestry Library Edition (free on the public computers at the Library) is a great way to get started. The information is well organized, easily accessed, and absolutely addicting. Once you see your great-grandmother's marriage certificate or your several times great-grandfather's will, you'll be hooked. I know I was. I learned amazing things: that my great-great-great-grandmother and my grandmother both married men named Alfred John (what are the odds?), that most of the family was here before the Revolutionary War with a few latecomers from England and (who knew?) Denmark.
HeritageQuest Online filled in some of the missing links and also provided more detail. It's a searchable database of family and local history books, plus census and Revolutionary War records. I particularly like the local history books. They offer a wealth of personal detail and fill in the life behind the name. Marriages and remarriages, work and club histories, public offices and property held--it's all there. The military records were a revelation, too. Several of my ancestors fought in the Revolutionary War, and one fought for both sides!
Mom loved the gift, by the way. But I feel like I got the better present--a historical novel filled with great characters. That I happen to be the latest chapter is the best part.
Kristin K.
North Oak Branch
Post new comment
<|endofexample|>
Themes
Designer - Digi Cyber Scraps
My name is Carolyn Ritter. I design under the name Digi Cyber Scraps. I live in NYC, so my design tagline is “Designing in the Big Apple”. I’m a SAHM of two and I love preserving the memories of my family. Since I’m also a computer addict, I’ve learned to combine my two passions into one!
I’ve been scrapping for over 10 years, but have concentrated on digital scrapbooking in the last 6-7 yrs. I enjoy the creative process of designing and look forward to providing products that will meet your digital scrapping needs!
Please feel free to stop by my blog () where you will find additional freebies, news and layouts that will feed your creative juices.
<|endofexample|>
…Continue
Added by Pinar on January 24, 2012 at 2:00
Macedonia-based artist Vasko Taškovski finds inspiration from horses to produce surreal fantasies. Using an array of vivid colors and varying landscapes, the painter transforms the ordinary creature into a robust yet agile stallion. Most fascinating about Taškovski's creations are the constructs and forms of the equestrian subjects.
In one of his elaborate paintings, the horse…Continue
Added by Pinar on December 29, 2011 at 7:50am — 1 Comment…Continue
Added by Pinar on December 27, 2011 at 2:59pm — No Comments
Continue
Photographer…
Added by Pinar on December 7, 2011 at 2:30pm — No Comments
Added by Pinar on November 21, 2011 at 2:30pm — 1 Comment
Added by Youri on March 5, 2009 at 12:30am — No Comments
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
<|endofexample|>
Our friends are always asking if we’ve made progress in the kid’s room. No wonder. The move was two years ago, which means Bix has spent nearly half his life in a mess. So we tackled his room first, hoping to create a calm, fun place away from the remodeling storm. I like the result. But I’m also conflicted about it. Argh.
Starting with what we already had
Luckily, we moved in with most of the stuff we used, including mandatory KidKraft train table, some chairs, and the drawers and bookcases David built when Bix was a baby…
I see the drawers need a little readjusting but you get the idea. We used Sunflower Seed Board from Van Beek’s in Michigan. Here’s a closer look…
It’s an eco-friendly MDF made from pressed sunflower seed hulls. LEED-certified, no formaldehyde, no outgassing. Finished in a simple water-based poly. Makes us feel good.
David had made the drawer fronts using a laminate we thought was fun enough for a kid but easy to like as an adult…
We debated about the environmental friendliness of laminate and decided that because drawers see a lot of grimy little fingers and can take a beating that the sunflower board can’t (without getting chipped, that is), it made sense.
Attack of the madwoman with a paintbrush
Before we could hang the furniture on the wall above the heaters, I had to scrape off the babyish wallpaper border that went all around the room, prep the walls and paint.
To encourage drawing, I decided on kid-height chalkboard walls around the perimeter. I taped off the space…
Used a dab of caulk along the bottom of the painter’s tape for a nice, clean edge. Then filled in my lines with four or five layers of chalkboard paint to make it extra durable.
I was hoping to tie the chalkboard to artwork we commissioned our friend Ryan Lesser to make a few years ago (click to biggify if you care to)…
Those are a few more characters by Ryan.
I brought the tentacles around the corner and over onto the adjoining wall behind the door…
I maybe went a little overboard carrying the “bubbles” look from the laminate onto the wall…
I used high gloss paint in various tints of white (some bluish, some greyish, some super white, etc.) on top of a matte oatmealy white. The anal part: I used round container lids in three sizes, dipped them into the paint and then pressed them onto the wall. Looks good when the light hits it. David thinks it’s too busy. Just wait, it gets much busier.
Bunk bed in a closet
The dressers are more than adequate storage for the wardrobe of a 5-year-old — with plenty of room for toys, too. His closet was wasted space, so we decided it was a smart spot to fit a bunkbed with storage underneath. Great for sleepovers someday, or the occasional guest.
In order to be twin-bed length and last Bix well into his teens, we needed to make the space a little longer…
David extended the closet space by about 6″ and added some serious mass loaded vinyl sound-proofing to the walls. The occasional mid-construction reading break was called for…
Then he put in new drywall and spots for lights for both bunks.
He drilled crazy long wood screws into the studs for extra support.
Hang on a sec and I’ll show you the finished bed. Keep your pants on.
Paint overload
Building out the closet ruined the edge of my paintjob. No biggie. Easily camouflaged with a little sanding and some paint in a contrasting pattern to trick the eye. I did a color study using various shades from around the room — Benjamin Moore zero-VOC Natura paint so I could feel reasonably okay about sticking to our eco-friendly principles…
First, I taped off a floor-to-ceiling strip for magnetic paint (not so eco-friendly, I’m sure). The Ben Mo’ semi-gloss can go right over the top to dress it up, so I taped off cubes to echo the Ikea paper lamp hanging in the opposite corner…
So the result?
I matched bunk bed walls to the aqua in the bookcases. The magnetic strip brings in all the colors of the room. Recovered the shade of the West Elm lamp I picked up for half price. I’m liking how circles vs. squares turned out.
Aqua pillowcases from Area we already had. Added the illustratey one and cushy flannel sheets from Garnet Hill. Organic blanket and a quilt picked up at West Elm. Roll pillow half price from Unison. Sales rawk.
The underbed drawers we stole from one of the dismantled dressers David made for Bix’s baby room. As Bix gets older, we could decide to pull out the bottom bunk and put in a desk. Or add a clothing rod under the top bunk. It’s a very flexible space. And the whole thing could easily become a closet again if need be.
Pillows from two great etsy sellers: Spruce Home who works in some great vintage fabrics and Alexandra Ferguson who uses 100% post-consumer recycled felt. A nice comfy back for a little storytime action.
Shins “monster” art from Tad Carpenter...
Such a paint addict — I thought it needed a border. As a side note, that’s not glass inside the frame. It’s plexi. Globe lights are also plastic and not glass. Just in case, ya know.
Barrel found at PB Teen at a get-it-outta-here discount of 75% (years ago, sorry). So many uses but for now, all things stuffed.
On the way over to the book nook…
New painting by Trish Grantham and Frank Kozik figures from Kid Robot over the dresser.
A grassy knoll pillow for reading, repurposed from the living area.
We bridged the space between bookshelves with cheap Ikea corner shelves, which added even more storage.
Vintage Fisher Price “little people” toys collection. Thanks, eBay. I always wanted an A-frame.
Mechagodzilla and Godzilla — gifts from Bix’s friends “the Godzilla girls.”
Bix’s true love: his dino shelf.
Vintage Fisher Price record player came with six “records.” Priming him to be a DJ from a very young age. eBay.
Ancient Fisher Price “radio” still works. eBay. I’m getting repetitive, sorry.
The Seuss section.
Godzilla feet from Toho for stomping through the house.
On the other dresser, a leaning Charles S. Anderson poster hides a hideous air conditioner. Dated ’89, although I picked it up at a paper show in Houston years after that. It’s a French Paper sample Bix insists he must have in his room because up above King Kong…
there’s a tiny Godzilla. I cannot deny him.
Gremlins on the crappy eBay turntable that came with about a zillion records to add to those we already had.
And now we’re back to the corner where we started! Only now somebody’s appreciating the joys of vinyl. Good boy.
What’s left undone
Still to come: the ladder and top railing for the bunk bed, replacement baseboard and trim here and there…
a wood ceiling (to cover the popcorn ceiling) and wood floor. Can’t wait to get rid of that hideous toxic carpet, too.
Why I’m conflicted
Had really hoped this room would be super “green,” seeing as it’s our child’s room. Sustainable materials, great. Completely thrilled with the organic mattresses — beautifully made and comfy. Eco-conscious paints, very good, but so much paint, right? And it amazes me the shizzload of plastic in this room! On the one hand, much of it’s vintage — we’re keeping plastic out of the landfill, yay. On the other hand, it’s still plastic. Oy.
So I give myself an 85% on achieving my goals for Bix’s room. Granted, I’m a harsh grader.
Orrin made Bix a Valentine. So cute. Thanks, Orrin!
Tags: art, bedroom, bookshelves, green, kids, paint, remodel, sustainable, vintage, vinyl
Wow! Wow! Wow!! This is terrific, I’ve been in here and I still find this fascinating and lovely to see. Thanks for the guided tour. Love your work and your good self, Mama.
aww, thanks Story! the “cobbled together” aesthetic seems to be working for us. I just wish we had more rooms like Bix’s where we could hang out with friends like you. someday. *sigh*
One of our readers recommended this blog post:…
In order to be twin-bed length and last Bix well into his teens, we needed to make the space a little longer… closet build-out. David extended the closet space by about 6″ and added some serious mass loaded vinyl sound-proofing to the ……
Wonderful to read!
thanks! :)
[...] only took 10 months to get back to it but now it’s actually happening! I guess last year’s February post turned out to be a cliffhanger. But [...]
[...] for Bix’s room and it only took two years to find it! 100% wool. No latex backing to outgas. For almost half [...]
<|endofexample|>
Search Nearby Cities
- Alpharetta Apartments
- Atlanta Apartments
- Duluth Apartments
- Gainesville Apartments
- Lawrenceville Apartments
- Lithonia Apartments
- Marietta Apartments
- Norcross Apartments
- Roswell Apartments
- Stone Mountain Apartments
Search Nearby Zip Codes
Apartment Rentals Near Decatur, GA
- The Pavilion Homes at Decatur 3681 N Decatur Rd Decatur, GA 30032 Phone Number: (404) 996-1884
- Spring Valley Apartments 2823 Misty Waters Drive Decatur, GA 30032 Phone Number: (256) 792-3415
- Avery Glen 339 E College Ave Decatur, GA 30030 Phone Number: (706) 932-0794
- Villas of Friendly Heights 1300 Friendly Heights Blvd Decatur, GA 30035 Phone Number: (678) 929-5406
<|endofexample|>
Heritage At Lakeside in Apartment Rentals in Plano, TX
5900 Baywater Drive
Plano, TX 75093
Find Your Apartment Now
Search These Nearby Cities
Popular Nearby Apartments:
Property Description:
Heritage At Lakeside Apartments Description. Please call for an appointment today.
Pet Policy:
Cats and Dogs are allowed. Restrictions or other terms: Non-Aggressive Breeds Only. Call for Details..
Amenities:
- Pool
- Playground
- Package Receiving
- Short Term Lease
- On-site Management
- Storage Space
- Fitness Center
- On-site Maintenance
- Sundeck
- High Speed Internet Available
- Rec Room
- Clubhouse
- Business Center
- Sports Courts
- Transportation
- Sheridan Park At Spring Creek 2001 E. Spring Creek Parkway Plano, TX 75074 Phone Number: (972) 696-7147
- RIACHI at ONE21 9600 Coit Rd Plano, TX 75025 Phone Number: (877) 235-1021
- Colonnade at Willow Bend 1100 Meredith Lane Plano, TX 75093 Phone Number: (972) 696-7101
- Highwood 2401 Ohio Dr Plano, TX 75093 Phone Number: (972) 299-8371
<|endofexample|>
20081 Apartments for Rent
Search Apartments in 20081
I found an apartment in the coolest neighborhood in town. And for less than my old apartment! - Washington,DC
Popular Rentals in the 20081 area
Washington Apartments
Washington, District of Columbia, 20001
1 Bedroom$1,567 - $1,652
2 Bedrooms$1,848 - $1,953
3 Bedrooms$2,300 - $2,385
Avalon Gallery Place
Washington, District of Columbia, 20001
Studio/1 Bedroom$2,090 - $2,635
2 Bedrooms$3,290 - $3,605
Why Search With MyNewPlace?
- Floor Plans
- Photos
- Interactive Maps
- Videos
Apartment Living in 20081
Finding an apartment in 20081
20081 has great apartment rentals to choose from in a wide variety of different neighborhoods and surrounding cities. You can easily find a pet friendly apartment in 20081 or search for amenities like a fitness center, swimming pool or off-street parking. Make sure that you discover all that 20081 20081
There are many great communities and cities nearby 20081 to also consider:
Featured Apartment Rentals Near 20081.
- Archstone Dupont Circle 1616 18th St Nw Washington, DC 20009 Phone Number: (855) 471-1660
- Mass Court 300 Massachusetts Ave NW Washington, DC 20001 Phone Number: (202) 803-8427
- The Flats at Dupont Circle 2000 N St NW Washington, DC 20036 Phone Number: (202) 568-8547
- Andover House 1200 14th Street NW Washington, DC 20005 Phone Number: (202) 803-8585
- Gables City Vista 460 L St Washington, DC 20001 Phone Number: (202) 304-11
- Capital Plaza Apartments 35 E St NW Washington, DC 20001 Phone Number: (202) 803-8435
Universities Near 2008
<|endofexample|>
May.
Tag: recharge
Press Releases
May 14, 2013 15:06 SGT The Quebec government probably won’t move forward with its tender calls for 800MW of additional wind capacity until sometime in the fourth quarter, according to analysts following the issue.
May 13, 2013 08:13 SGT Spanish developer Iberdrola has completed a €20m ($26m) geotechnical feasibility campaign at its 400MW Wikinger offshore project in the German North Sea, confirming that the wind farm remains on track for a 2017 finish.
Show all 167 press releases »
News
Apr 19, 2013 18:52 SGT Gamesa CEO Ignacio Martín told shareholders that the worst is over for the company, after a tough period sparked by the collapse of the Spanish wind market.
Mar 15, 2013 00:16 SGT The European Parliament has voted in favour of extending the EU's 2020 renewables target to 2030.
Mar 05, 2013 05:07 SGT Developer Welspun Energy says it has reached financial close on a 130MW PV project in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.
<|endofexample|>
Cisco
- 350-080
- 640-461
- 642-243
- 642-262
- 642-384
- 642-447
- 642-457
- 642-627
- 642-975
- 642-992
- 642-993
- 646-671
- 650-027
- 650-177
Pass4sure IBM 000-M23 IBM Exam Questions
000-M23 International Business Machines Corporation
Are you tired of studying books for IBM 000-M23 IBM! Well, Pass4sure has solved your problem. Pass4sure IBM 000-M23 IBM practice exam Questions provide you an insight into the Actual Exam with a 100% Guarantee that you will pass the pass4sure IBM 000-M23 exam easily. Getting IBM 000-M23 IBM Certified is although tough but Pass4sure has provided its customers with short and effective 000-M23 material, making it easier to study and pass the 000-M23 Exam very easily just by taking Pass4sure IBM 000-M23 study material. With Pass4sure 000-M23 practice tests whether they are 000-M23 IBM Questions, IBM 000-M23 IBM labs, 000-M23 Pass4sure PDF or Pass4sure 000-M23 simulations, you get the best and unparallel level of IBM 000-M23 IBM Practice Exams with which you can easily get 000-M23 IBM IBM Certified.
Pass4sure 000-M23 Online Training
Pass4sure has always put forward its customers comfort in front of everything. That's why Pass4sure has created IBM IBM Host Access Transformation Services Technical Sales Mastery v1 IBM online tests which can be accessed from anywhere in the world! You don't need any more 000-M23 Classes or IBM Host Access Transformation Services Technical Sales Mastery v1 books. Now, you can access the IBM 000-M23 IBM Pass4sure CBT while you're on the move making your time, the productive time! 000-M23 training is very costly and time consuming, while Pass4sure IBM 000-M23 IBM exams trainings are much lesser in cost and they provide the simulation of pass4sure 000-M23 IBM IBM actual test which are more than enough to pass the IBM IBM 000-M23 exam in turn saving your time and money. Now, you don't need to get IBM 000-M23 IBM classes or IBM IBM 000-M23 Video material. You just need Pass4sure 000-M23 IBM CBT to Pass4sure!
000-M23 Study Material - Pass4sure
IBM 000-M23 IBM International Business Machines Corporation
Pass4sure 100% Guarantees your success in IBM Host Access Transformation Services Technical Sales Mastery v1 IBM IBM ! With the Pass4sure IBM 000-M23 IBM Pass4sure study materials which are prepared by the IT Professionals and are regularly updated you will pass the 000-M23 IBM IBM s easily.
Latest Practice Tests - Pass4sure
With the purchase of Pass4sure 000-M23 practice test you get to download the Practice tests and which run on simulator which is especially made by Pass4sure for its customers to understand the pass4sure 000-M23 actual testing environment. Pass4sure 000-M23 IBM Host Access Transformation Services Technical Sales Mastery v1 IBM test simulator updates its self automatically with new releases. You can take notes while taking the Pass4sure Practice test and you can adjust the simulator according to your needs.
IBM 000-M23 IBM Study Guide - Pass4sure
000-M23 International Business Machines Corporation
Pass4sure 000-M23 Study Guide provides you the basics of the IBM IBM 000-M23. With the IBM 000-M23 IBM Practice tests and 000-M23 IBM Practice Questions you are able to take the exam but the basic detailed fundamentals of IBM 000-M23 Pass4sure are covered through the 000-M23 Study Guide. Along with these Pass4sure IBM 000-M23 materials, 000-M23 Questions and 000-M23 IBM Guide you get the extensive knowledge of IBM 000-M23 IBM that you can easily take IBM 000-M23 IBM exam.
000-M23 IBM IBM Labs - Pass4sure
IBM IBM 000-M23 International Business Machines Corporation
Pass4sure 000-M23 Pass4sure labs equip you with the practical knowledge, with Pass4sure 000-M23 IBM interactive simulation you can perform very good in 000-M23 IBM Practice exam and IBM 000-M23 Tutorials. Although the IBM 000-M23 IBM simulations are tough but Pass4sure has provided its customers with interactive simulator along with the knowledge that is easier to understand.
Free IBM IBM 000-M23 Download - Pass4sure
Pass4sure offers IBM 000-M23 IBM Demo and Sample for IBM 000-M23 IBM exam. These IBM IBM 000-M23 Demos and IBM IBM 000-M23 Samples are FREE to download and for the best part they are available in 000-M23 PDF format. As Pass4sure cares about its customers valuable time and money, that's why our 000-M23 Pass4sure material is totally free of 000-M23 brain dumps. You can easily pass the 000-M23 Quiz with Pass4sure Free 000-M23 IBM IBM download.
000-M23 Certification - Pass4sure
000-M23 International Business Machines Corporation
Pass4sure Practice exams include the 000-M23 Questions and Answers, prepared by the IT Professionals to that no matter how tough questions put in these exams, Pass4sure is here to assist you to pass the 000-M23 exam in the first attempt. The Questions and Answers of pass4sure 000-M23 prepared by our IT Professionals are unparallel in quality in the whole web. Your success is just one click away! Get 000-M23 practice exam now and open the doors to your bright future.
At Pass4sure we believe in Quality work and respecting the Laws. We have a very strong policy against the IBM Host Access Transformation Services Technical Sales Mastery v1 dumps and other 000-M23 brain dumps being which are used. These 000-M23 braindumps are against the Copyrights law of and are Illegal. The use of 000-M23 dumps not only put the user in danger but also the company providing the 000-M23dump. Taking the 000-M23 test questions to pass the IBM 000-M23 IBM is illegal and it's not ethical. We understand and value our customer's and we strongly recommend not risking your money and time by using the IBM 000-M23 IBMdumps.
You must be worrying what to do! Well worry no more! By not using the 000-M23 IBM IBM dumps you still can get 100% results, with Pass4sure IBM 000-M23 IBM Pass4sure study pack you can easily pass the 000-M23. By using Pass4sure's 000-M23 IBM study materials you secure your money and time. The best and secure way to get 000-M23 Certified is through Pass4sure.
Download Free IBM IBM IBM 000-M23 Demo
Experience TestKing exam testing engine for yourself.
Simply submit your e-mail address below to get started with our interactive software demo of your IBM IBM Host Access Transformation Services Technical Sales Mastery v1 exam.
Customizable, interactive testing engine
Simulates real exam environment
Instant download
* Our demo shows only a few questions from IBM IBM 000-M23 IBM Host Access Transformation Services Technical Sales Mastery v1 exam for evaluating purposes
<|endofexample|>
Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP Exam Questions
CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations
Are you tired of studying books for CISSP-ISSEP! Well, Pass4sure has solved your problem. Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP practice exam Questions provide you an insight into the Actual Exam with a 100% Guarantee that you will pass the pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP exam easily. Getting CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC Certified is although tough but Pass4sure has provided its customers with short and effective ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP material, making it easier to study and pass the Information Systems Security Engineering Professional Exam very easily just by taking Pass4sure ISC CISSP-ISSEP study material. With Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations practice tests whether they are CISSP-ISSEP Questions, CISSP-ISSEP ISC labs, ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations Pass4sure PDF or Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP simulations, you get the best and unparallel level of CISSP-ISSEP Practice Exams with which you can easily get CISSP-ISSEP Certified.
Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP Online Training
Pass4sure has always put forward its customers comfort in front of everything. That's why Pass4sure has created CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC online tests which can be accessed from anywhere in the world! You don't need any more CISSP-ISSEP Classes or CISSP-ISSEP books. Now, you can access the CISSP-ISSEP Pass4sure CBT while you're on the move making your time, the productive time! CISSP-ISSEP training is very costly and time consuming, while Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP exams trainings are much lesser in cost and they provide the simulation of pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP actual test which are more than enough to pass the CISSP-ISSEP exam in turn saving your time and money. Now, you don't need to get CISSP-ISSEP classes or CISSP-ISSEP Video material. You just need Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP CBT to Pass4sure!
CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC Study Material - Pass4sure
ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations CISSP Concentrations
Pass4sure 100% Guarantees your success in Information Systems Security Engineering Professional ! With the Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP ISC Pass4sure study materials which are prepared by the IT Professionals and are regularly updated you will pass the CISSP-ISSEP Information Systems Security Engineering Professional ISC s easily.
Latest Practice Tests - Pass4sure
With the purchase of Pass4sure ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations practice test you get to download the Practice tests and which run on simulator which is especially made by Pass4sure for its customers to understand the pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations actual testing environment. Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations test simulator updates its self automatically with new releases. You can take notes while taking the Pass4sure Practice test and you can adjust the simulator according to your needs.
CISSP-ISSEP Study Guide - Pass4sure
ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations
Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP Study Guide provides you the basics of the ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations. With the CISSP-ISSEP Practice tests and ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations Practice Questions you are able to take the exam but the basic detailed fundamentals of ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP Pass4sure are covered through the ISC CISSP-ISSEP Study Guide. Along with these Pass4sure ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP materials, ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP Questions and CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC Guide you get the extensive knowledge of CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC that you can easily take ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP exam.
ISC Information Systems Security Engineering Professional CISSP Concentrations Labs - Pass4sure
CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations
Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP Pass4sure labs equip you with the practical knowledge, with Pass4sure ISC Information Systems Security Engineering Professional CISSP Concentrations interactive simulation you can perform very good in Information Systems Security Engineering Professional Practice exam and ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations Tutorials. Although the CISSP-ISSEP simulations are tough but Pass4sure has provided its customers with interactive simulator along with the knowledge that is easier to understand.
Free CISSP-ISSEP Download - Pass4sure
Pass4sure offers CISSP-ISSEP Demo and Sample for CISSP-ISSEP exam. These CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations Demos and CISSP-ISSEP Samples are FREE to download and for the best part they are available in ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations PDF format. As Pass4sure cares about its customers valuable time and money, that's why our CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC Pass4sure material is totally free of CISSP-ISSEP brain dumps. You can easily pass the ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations Quiz with Pass4sure Free ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP download.
Information Systems Security Engineering Professional ISC CISSP Concentrations Certification - Pass4sure
ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations CISSP Concentrations
Pass4sure Practice exams include the CISSP-ISSEP Questions and Answers, prepared by the IT Professionals to that no matter how tough questions put in these exams, Pass4sure is here to assist you to pass the CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC exam in the first attempt. The Questions and Answers of pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP prepared by our IT Professionals are unparallel in quality in the whole web. Your success is just one click away! Get CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations practice exam now and open the doors to your bright future.
At Pass4sure we believe in Quality work and respecting the Laws. We have a very strong policy against the CISSP-ISSEP dumps and other CISSP-ISSEP ISC brain dumps being which are used. These CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC braindumps are against the Copyrights law of and are Illegal. The use of CISSP-ISSEP dumps not only put the user in danger but also the company providing the CISSP-ISSEP Information Systems Security Engineering Professional ISCdump. Taking the CISSP-ISSEP test questions to pass the CISSP-ISSEP is illegal and it's not ethical. We understand and value our customer's and we strongly recommend not risking your money and time by using the ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEPdumps.
You must be worrying what to do! Well worry no more! By not using the ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP dumps you still can get 100% results, with Pass4sure CISSP-ISSEP Pass4sure study pack you can easily pass the ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations. By using Pass4sure's CISSP-ISSEP study materials you secure your money and time. The best and secure way to get CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations Certified is through Pass4sure.
Download Free ISC CISSP Concentrations CISSP-ISSEP ISC Demo
Experience TestKing exam testing engine for yourself.
Simply submit your e-mail address below to get started with our interactive software demo of your ISC ISC CISSP-ISSEP CISSP Concentrations exam.
Customizable, interactive testing engine
Simulates real exam environment
Instant download
* Our demo shows only a few questions from ISC CISSP-ISSEP ISC CISSP Concentrations exam for evaluating purposes
<|endofexample|>
Make Print Personal
Simple or complex, help your customers get the most out of their print marketing campaigns.
Personalization can be very complex or pretty simple. It can be effective or ineffective. It can be print-only or multi-media. In other words, the term covers a lot of territory.
On the complex, print-only side, Kroger tracks all of our purchases. It induces us to let them track our buying habits by offering gasoline discounts when we purchase a certain dollar amount of groceries each month. Periodically, we receive in the mail a printed booklet with coupons offering discounts on the sort of stuff we buy regularly. This involves very complex database tracking and personalized four-color printing. It is highly effective.
On the simple, print-only side, from time to time I receive printed offers addressed to Box S. Hall. At one time or another, a company I did business with entered my name into a database with that spelling. That particular database is being repeatedly sold to firms which think my presence on the original database makes it somewhat likely that I will be interested in a similar product or service. This sort of personalization involves an assumption and a simple mailing list that is incorrect and, therefore, ineffective.
Only as Good as the Data
As you can see, no matter whether the effort is simple or complex, personalization is not possible without good data. Judy Berlin, director of worldwide marketing for XMPie recommends that printers recruit someone familiar with working with databases. “The data quality is important to success,” she says. “Whatever is variable and associated with each recipient must be clean, de-duped, and accurate.”
Roger Buck, director of marketing at The Flesh Company agrees on the importance of having good data and the need to work with customers to build a workable database for any personalization campaign. “Printers must understand the interview process that must occur to gather the necessary information,” he says. “Where is the data kept? How complete is it? What data is needed? What data is missing? How will they capture the data? What’s the timeline for securing the data? What will it cost? How will they segment the target base?”
A database can consist of something as simple as names and addresses or something as complex as past buying habits or preferences. Berlin says print campaigns can be augmented “with e-media components such as email, Web, and other media,” which would require a different data set.
“Once the preferred channel is selected, deciding how to personalize the message itself must be determined,” says Pitney Bowes vice president of Mail Finishing Chris Giles. “Today there are hardware and software solutions that allow for personalization to be added to the outside of the envelope, the message itself, and even auto triggered based on the customer’s behavior, response, or preference.”
Where can printers look to find these solutions? QP columnist John Giles (no relation) says there is “a wealth of videos on YouTube that give instructions on how to handle almost any VDP or personalization situation. “He also suggests checking out Adobe’s website for step-by-step instructions for creating personalized documents using InDesign. Also, most major vendors of digital print production hardware and variable software have personalization resources their customers can use. XMPie’s Customer 1to1 Business Development program is one such resource. So is Pitney Bowes website.
Walk the Walk
It is pretty obvious that, while the idea of personalization is appealing, the reality is that it is much more complex and demanding than setting up a simple mail merge. It takes work and many printers either cannot or will not put in the effort to acquire the skills needed to offer personalization as a product to their customers. Those who do, however, need to figure out how to sell the benefits and realities of a personalized campaign.
- « Previous Page
- 1
- 2
- Next Page »
<|endofexample|>
Save over 25% on our Cardona Cosmetic Bag. While supplies last.
> SHOP NOW
The Classic Sail Personalized Tote Bag is the perfect billboard for your company name or logo.
> Shop Now
Advertise your business 365 days a year with high-quality pocket calendars you'll only find at Myron.
Style meets function with our new custom weekly journal now available with a fresh modern look.
Reward those who drive your business with the stylish Madero Medium Laptop Case.
Fun and functional, promotional calculators add up to new sales!
Washable, dishwasher and freezer safe this re-usable Eco-friendly product helps to reduce plastic waste.
This insulated custom imprinted tumbler, BPA-free, is a cool and refreshing way to promote your company or brand.
Complete your gifting experience with picture perfect pen gift boxes.
Promote safety & health in the workplace with the Travel First Aid Kit.
Save 55% - 69% OFF Thomas Kinkade, Mr. Christmas & Byers' Choice gifts. While supplies last.
Stand out. Sell more. Personalize any of our high quality key rings.
Delight & dazzle your customers with these high quality lighted products.
Your customers will flip over the elegant & handy Flip-Top Personalized Notepad. Includes a plunger-style metal pen and refillable 3 1/8" x 5" notepad with 75 gilt-edged pages.
Get rave reviews from your customers with the Medici Lighted Pen! Double the function, double the value.
Build more business with promotional tools like our Lighted Tip Magnetic Screwdriver.
A stylish & durable business gift at an incomparable price.
The Hope Ribbon Key Ring is a perfect giveaway at fundraisers and charity events to show support for the fight against breast cancer.
Everyone will love this stainless steel tool box on a key chain, ensuring they'll carry your message wherever they go.
Promotional umbrellas keep your company top of mind rain or shine.
Featuring 3 functions, a ballpoint pen, a bright LED light and a stylus good for all touch screen devices.
Get 365 Days of advertising for just pennies a day with Myron's Wall calendars.
Our distinguished Belfort President Leather Portfolio, is crafted of 100% Nappa leather and features a full zippered closure.
Celebrate patriotic holidays with red, white & blue promotional products like the Symbols of American History Wall Calendar. Proudly made in USA.
It's a stylus, flashlight & pen. It's 3 great gifts for the price of 1!
Spring is in the air! Celebrate with the floral inspired design of our Flores Pocket Pen..
<|endofexample|>
My Safe Home is an online tool designed to help families detect dangers in their home and identify simple steps to fix them.
It uses 360-degree interactive technology to help explore all areas of a home.
Home | Contact | Community | Careers | Extranet | Privacy Policy | Safe Kids Training Academy | Safe Kids USA 1301 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 1000, Washington, DC 20004-1707 | Phone: 202-662-0600 | © 2013 Safe Kids Worldwide. All Rights Reserved.
<|endofexample|>
San Francisco's Golden Gate Park has long featured a herd of bison in their own fenced-in paddock.
Apparently Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and Yammer CEO David Sacks are fans. They and their spouses have donated to support the animals, Bloomberg's Mark Milian reports.
In September, Financial Times reporter Tim Bradshaw noticed a sign recognizing the financial support of Mayer and her husband, tech investor Zack Bogue.
Bradshaw tells us he later saw the sign a bit worse for wear, having "taken a beating."
Weird. Who dislikes bison?
The San Francisco Parks Alliance, a nonprofit which helps support the city's parks, recognized Mayer and Bogue as a "First Family" and David and Jacqueline Sacks as "Park Heroes."
The "First Family" level requires a donation of at least $20,000, while $2,500 or more gets "Park Hero" status.
We also noticed that Yahoo executive Adam Cahan, who was recently promoted to be Yahoo's senior vice president of mobile and emerging products as a key member of Mayer's team, attended a Party for the Parks event in September.
Please follow Business Insider on Twitter and Facebook.
Join the conversation about this story »
<|endofexample|>
We’re excited to be joining Mailbox Monday, albeit a bit early, we’ll be posting our Mailbox Madness every Sunday. This month is hosted by Audra @ Unabridged Chick, for full details on the host schedule and the meme go to the main blog.
April’s Mailbox
Gameboard of the Gods (Age of X #1) by Richelle Mead
[ Amazon | Goodreads ]
Reconstructing Amelia by Kimberly McCreight
[ Amazon | Goodreads ]
The Eternity Cure (Blood of Eden #2) by Julie Kagawa
[ Amazon | Goodreads ]
~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~ – ~
Pabkin’s Mailbox
Wonders of the Invisible World by Patricia A. McKillip
[ Amazon | Goodreads ]
The Eternity Cure (Blood of Eden #2) by Julie Kagawa
[ Amazon | Goodreads ]
Quintessence by David Walton
[ Amazon | Goodreads ]
Hair Raising (Dan Shamble, Zombie PI #3) by Kevin J. Anderson
[ Amazon | Goodreads ]
We’d like to thank Harper, Tachyon Publishing, Harlequin Teen, Tor/Forge, and Kensington!
What’s in your mailbox?
Hope you have a fabulous week!
• Please note that this post contains affiliate links. To view our full Blog Policy, click here.
I also got some of the same books this week. Some fantastic books out there!
Enjoy
Definitely, it’s been a great year for books so far I think! I can’t wait to see what develops as the year goes on! Thanks for stopping in
Seeing so many Eternity Cures this week!! Read that just this past week and LOVED it! Hope you both enjoy them all!
Here’s my STS
Have a GREAT day!
Old Follower
Oh yaya! Glad to hear you loved it! I was excited it was up on Netgalley, had to snag it right away
Have a fantastic week!
A lovely haul this week. I’ve seen alot of those everywhere.
Hope you enjoy your new goodies
Thanks! Yeah I think a lot of these books are going around
Have a great week!
Gameboard of the Gods! I was so excited to be approved for that one, as well. I love Richelle Mead, though I still need to read the spin-off series from the Vampire Academy series. I have ALL the books and just need to start! I loved Adrian, so I’m expecting them to be good!
I wasn’t the biggest fan of the first book in that Julie Kagawa series, but I hope you both like the book … it’s definitely been getting some great exposure! And the first book got plenty of great reviews!
Have a great week, ladies!
Ahhhh YES You so need to read Bloodlines!!! *jumps up and down* YES, if you love Adrian (so do I, even more after reading Bloodlines) you’ll love the spin off series!
Yeah, I’m hoping The Eternity Cure is as least as good as the first book. It’s always a toss up though, sometimes I think it’s better to leave great books stand-a-lones, instead of a series. But then they can’t torture us with awful cliffhangers either
Have a great week too, happy reading!
The eternity cure! You guys are so lucky. I really hope Netgalley accepts me, because I’m dying to read it. The immortal rules rocked
Happy reading!
I hope you get it too Mel!! I agree, The Immortal Rules was amazingtastic! I can’t wait to see how the story develops! Crossing my fingers you get accepted!
I’m so jealous of The Eternity Cure! I can’t wait to check it out! I hope you enjoy everything you got this week!
My IMM
Yay, The Eternity Cure! I sneaked a peak at the first chapter last week, and it’s a pretty intense opener, I hope you both enjoy
The Eternity Cure???
GET.
OUT!
-envy aura seeps through my pores to your blog right now.-
<|endofexample|>
Filters Selected:
Browse by
b - Batteries & Power Supplies
Showing results 1 - 25 of 365
3002441 Jackson Safety 382-B Cap Adapter 14944 (24886124872)
See More Prices $17 - $174 Several Offers
Bacharach 24-8447 PCA3 Combustion Analyzer Kit
See More Prices $2015 - $2433 Several Offers
Zoeller Sump Pump 10-0763 Flood Alert High Water Alarm Aquanot (53514090197)
See More Prices $18 - $26 Several Offers
Energizer. (3194792) (39800082411)
See More Prices $30 - $85 Several Offers
Heath Zenith SL-6198-B Wireless Doorbell Replacement Battery (16963619807)
See More Prices $1.95 - $18 Several Offers
Battery Powered Stacker Lift Truck 2000 Lb. Capacity - Adjustable 25 Inch Forks
See More Prices $2646 - $3243 Several Offers
Supco MFD10 Digital Capacitor Tester with LED Display, 0.01 to 10000mF Range, +/- 5% Accuracy (687152020935)
See More Prices $7.49 - $86 Several Offers
Schumacher INC-2405 Automatic Microprocessor Charger (26666709286)
See More Prices $44 - $430 Several Offers
Energizer Max Alkaline Batteries Box of 4/AA (353101)
See More Prices $3.88 - $30 Several Offers
Chamberlain MASTER CONTROLLERWIRELESS COMMAND LIGHTING CONTROL (SL6007BK)
See More Prices $31 Several Offers
Glentronics, Inc. B-1000 PHCC Pro Series Standby Battery (717301121456)
See More Prices $112 - $113 Several Offers
Brady 37851B BradyGlo 8" Height, 15" Width, B-355 Glow In The Dark BradyGlo Photoluminescent, Black ... (754473378516)
See More Prices $156 - $182 Several Offers
Maglite ARXX235 NiHM Replacement Flashlight Battery (38739088150)
See More Prices $25 - $98 Several Offers
Chrome Industries 12V 20AH 240W Sealed Lead Acid (SLA) Battery - T3 Terminals by Zipp Battery (CBZBS0001300000)
See More Prices $45 One Offer
Go Power GP-SWR-B-24 Inverter Remote for the 24V GP-SW1000, 2000 & 3000
See More Prices $72 Several Offers
Energizer Micro Led Headlamp 1 Aa Battery Included Headlamps Lanterns Lights (hdl1aae)
See More Prices $21 - $56 Several Offers
Chrome Industries 12V 14AH 168W Sealed Lead Acid (SLA) Battery - T2 Terminals by Zipp Battery (CBZBS0004300000)
See More Prices $39 One Offer
Heath Zenith SL-6199 Brass Collection, Wireless Push Button, White and Brass Finish
See More Prices $8.95 - $17 Several Offers
Black & Decker VP110 VersaPak Gold Battery (28873000675)
See More Prices $15 - $86 Several Offers
Heath Zenith SL-6193-B Wireless Battery Operated Push Button, Beige Finish (16963619302)
See More Prices $8.99 - $10 Several Offers
Concept Büro & Service Concept Green Solution Inc. CG2000-S 2000mAh Battery Portable Charger, Silver (13964499117)
See More Prices $12 - $22 Several Offers
Battery Biz Battery Biz Duracell 1,800 Watt Five Outlet Rechargeable Power Source (8521807)
See More Prices $459 - $588 Several Offers
NOCO Genius G26000 12V And 24V 26000mA Battery Charger (Red Plastic) (46221100358)
See More Prices $234 - $290 Several Offers
Bacharach 24-8440 PCA3 Combustion Analyzer
See More Prices $1631 - $2125 Several Offers
Heath Zenith SL-6190-B Wireless Battery Operated Push Button, Beige Finish
See More Prices $6.09 - $9.26 Several Offers
<|endofexample|>
mySimon is not affiliated with or endorsed by Simon Property Group. If you are looking for Simon Property Group, click here.
Welcome to mySimon! Login | Register
Follow @mySimon
About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of Use
<|endofexample|>
Browse by
Necklaces
Showing results 76 - 100 of 1500
Beadaholique Matte Black Color Coated 2mm Oval Cable Chain By Ezel - 3 Foot Spool
See More Prices $7.99 One Offer
SuperJeweler Freshwater Natural White Pearl and Heart Charm With Crystal Silver Plated Necklace, 18 inches Long (A00015)
See More Prices $9.99 One Offer
Lauren Ralph Lauren Graduated Bead Necklace (LN358741)
See More Prices $58 Several Offers
G by GUESS Short Necklace with Rhinestone Heart Tog, GOLD (N133949C1DS)
See More Prices $17 One Offer
SuperJeweler Pink Swarovski Crystal Rose Necklace (A00280)
See More Prices $12 One Offer
G by GUESS Rhinestone Heart Toggle Necklace, SILVER (N133949C1IR)
See More Prices $17 One Offer
<|endofexample|>
Five days after the nation’s latest senseless mass school shooting, Americans are still having great difficulty resolving that question.
Immediately after Friday’s horrific rampage in which 20 precious little children and six courageous adults were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., many parents of schoolchildren were justifiably worried.
Some area schools received threats and others made the decision to lock down campuses as a precautionary measure and allow parents to come pick up their children early.
Clergy members of the Beeville Ministerial Alliance hosted a prayer vigil Tuesday evening at the First United Methodist Church, allowing community members to come together and mourn those killed as “a show of strong ecumenical support.”
Pastor Larry McRorey said, “Violence does not discriminate on the basis of sex, age, color, affiliation or denomination.”
What a tragic time for such evil to appear. Instead of preparing for Santa’s arrival and the opening of Christmas presents, families, friends and supporters in that small Connecticut town began holding and attending funerals for those innocent victims.
And while politicians grapple with whether our country needs to enact tougher gun control measures, better means to deal with mental illness or to reduce the amount of graphic violence on the movie screens and video games, we can only point to one answer.
As we count down the final days before Christmas, we believe this nation needs heaping helpings of Jesus.
Emmanuel, or “God with us,” became a reality for believers more than 2,000 years ago in a Bethlehem stable.
God is love, the Bible tells us so, and He showed His incredible love for us, his children, through the birth (and later death) of His Son, Jesus Christ. See John 3:16.
Years ago the Beatles sang “All You Need is Love,” and they were partially right. We would hasten to add, “All You Need is the Love of Jesus.”
For weeks now, we have suggested ways for Bee County residents to get in the Christmas spirit by giving back to their neighbors in our community. Most of those opportunities, originating as a response to the many blessings God has provided, have now wrapped up for another year.
Yet there’s one more chance for people to connect, or reconnect, with the true meaning of Christmas. Check our newspaper listings and call or go visit a church, any church, in our community to discover what special services are being hosted.
Live nativities, pageants and traditional candlelight services with the familiar carols will bring great joy for one and all.
This world has become so impersonal, from the Internet to texting. It would do us all immense good to relearn and remember Jesus’ teachings: “Love the Lord your God with all your heart, soul and mind” and “Love your neighbor as yourself.”
If we, as parents, grandparents and other adults, would return with our families to the church and Jesus, we would build a strong foundation of faith that would withstand all of life’s trials and tribulations.
And America would witness far fewer of these needless tragedies.
– Chip Latcham
<|endofexample|>
The ‘teenage’. The new Nutro Natural Choice Young Adult Formula is protein-rich and energy-controlled to give your dog the right balance for his continued development. Keeping the right energy level is essential to preventing dogs from becoming overweight. When obesity starts at a young age, it can be difficult to fight, and could lead to problems like cancer, arthritis and diabetes in your pet.
* Supervise socializing: Letting your dog interact with other animals is an essential part of responsible pet ownership. However, at the adolescent stage,, it is probably time to discuss spaying or neutering with your vet. Not only can these procedures help correct some hormonally driven bad habits, they will also prevent unwanted litters of new puppies.
Providing the right care and guidance for your pet will set him up for a life of good habits and health. To learn more about the young adult dog life stage or new Nutro Natural Choice Dog Food visit, visit.
<|endofexample|>
According to UT officials, the school received a phoned-in threat at about 8:35 a.m. from a man claiming to be with al-Qaida that bombs had been placed throughout the campus.
The campus was reopened at noon after school officials said all buildings were cleared. Classes were cancelled for the rest of the day.
<|endofexample|>
The addition of a couple of girls from basketball helped open things up for the Lady Trojans. Victoria Elizalde took advantage of the Southside defense to slip four goals into the net for Beeville. Heather McKinney added two, and Tori Munoz, also back from the hardcourt, contributed one goal. Assists were from Kennedy Trevino, Heather McKinney with two, Elizalde and MacKenzie Harvey.
The Trojan girls led comfortably throughout and took a 5-0 lead into the halftime break. The Beeville girls added two more goals in the second 40-minute half to ice the win.
“We played with more intensity and with an overall better attitude. We still have a little ways to go, but it was a much better attitude and overall performance on Friday,” said head coach Don Ledesma.
“Every game we play from here on out will be the most important game of season as we try to stay in the district race.”
The Lady Trojans played Harlandale on Tuesday night in San Antonio. The Beeville girls will return to Veterans Memorial Stadium on Friday at 5:30 p.m. to tackle Floresville in the first game of the second round of District 57-4A play.
<|endofexample|>
This week I chose outfits based upon the same shoes and belt and then just added some color from there. Here are my outfits for the week.
*Note: Please ignore the comforter and cable in the background. My husband isn't the best with a camera and my bedroom is in the middle of a makeover.
Dress (TJ Maxx) Sweater (The Limited) Belt (The Limited) Shoes (Target) Watch (Overstock.com) Earrings (My grandmother's pearls)
Shirt (The Limited) Belt (The Limited) Jeans (The Limited) Shoes (Target) Watch (Overstock.com) Earrings (Target 2011)
Shirt (The Limited) Belt (The Limited) Skirt (TJ Maxx) Shoes (Target) Watch (Overstock.com) Earrings (Target 2011)
Love your outfits! Your last outfit is so girlie and fun :-) You look amazing!
And to answer your question -- yes, yes I did play the Super Mario Brothers' jump down the pipe sound. ;-)
I found your blog via From My Grey Desk and have loved taking a look around. I love your style, it is so feminine! You are definitely not the only one, I know exactly what sound you are talking about! I am now following via GFC and excited to read more!
Colleen
Daybydaydarling.blogspot.com
Thanks for following girls!!! I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one playing video games in my head!
<|endofexample|>
At their first meeting, the newly established Lee County Community Foundation discussed donations to the Lee County Animal Shelter
LEESBURG, GA -- A committee was formed in Lee County to help manage donations and gifts that are meant for area non-profits.
At its first meeting Thursday afternoon, board members of the Lee County Community Foundation appointed officers and reviewed donations the Lee County Animal Shelter has received.
“They just wanted to get together to find out now that we've got the 501c3 some of the donations we've got in, what we've done with the money that we've gotten, how much we've incurred and what can we do to try to get more people involved and donating more now that we’re 503c3,” says Michael Sistrunk, Board Member and Lee County Public Works Director.
The public works director says the shelter has received nearly $300,000 in monetary donations thus far and hundreds of pounds worth of dog and cat food.
Shelter officials say it costs up to $25 for cat and dog medications that must be administered when animals come in so they’re ready to adopt.
The Lee County Community Foundation meets quarterly; their next meeting will be in three months.
Related Links
<|endofexample|>
Grow by Sharing Your Faith
A growing Christian shares his/her faith personally and supports others who proclaim the Gospel around the world. (Acts 8:4, 2 Corinthians 9:12-15)
Our mission is to carry the life-saving message of Jesus Christ to every person on this planet. The Gospel is too important to keep to ourselves! We offer ongoing educational opportunities to teach you how to share your faith with others, which you will be able to do through our extensive evangelism and global outreach efforts.
<|endofexample|>
Holidays are usually good for having great sales and usually free shipping too! I found these sites that are offering free shipping today and tomorrow. If you find more let me know and I will add it to the list! Free Shipping starts today at all the stores below:
6PM.com
Free Shipping on all purchases no code needed.
Amazon
Many items ship free with a $25 purchase (this is ongoing)
Payless Shoes
Free Shipping Site to Store, Plus BOGO 1/2 Off Sale
Swimsuitsforall.com
30% off + Free Shipping 7/3 amd 7/4
The Children's Place (through Ebates + 2.5% Cash Back)
Free Shipping on any order, plus 20% off with code K7H2012 (valid 7/3 and 7/4)
The Disney Store
Free Shipping on any order with code FREESHIP (starts 6pm 7/3)
Many items ship free site to store (or for $0.97 to your home)
Thanks My CNY Mommy!
Don't miss the freebies, coupons, and deals, Subscribe Now!
<|endofexample|>
Old Spies Club and Other Intrigues of Rand by Edward D. Hoch
Features.
Edward D. Hoch Mystery Books: The most prolific and best known short mystery writer to date
<|endofexample|>
Description
Improve performance. Increase energy. Enhance concentration. Sugar Free.
Warnings. No refrigeration necessary. Discard unused shot after 3 days. Phenylketonurics: Contains Phenylalanine. Not recommended for minors. Keep out of reach of children.
NUTRITION FACTS
Serving Size 1.7 fl oz
Servings Per Container 1
Servings Per Container 1
Amount Per Serving
Proprietary Blends
- Enzyme Blend
Amylase, Protease, Lipase, Cellulase, Lactase.
, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Potassium Sorbate & Sodium Benzoate (To Protect Freshness), Sucralose.
Description
Improve performance. Increase energy. Enhance concentration. Sugar Free.
Questions on Stacker 2 Yellow Jacket Extreme Energy Shot 10 case
No questions asked yet
<|endofexample|>
1. A daughter of the Theban soothsayer Teiresias. She herself was a prophetess, first of the Ismenian Apollo at Thebes, where monuments of her existed (Paus. ix. 10. § 3), and subsequently of the Delphian and Clarian Apollo. After the taking of Thebes by the Epigoni, she, with other captives, was dedicated to Apollo at Delphi. The god sent the captives to Asia, where they founded the sanctuary of Apollo not far from the place where afterwards the town of,Colophon was built. Rhacius, a Cretan, who had settled there before, married Manto, and be came by her the father of Mopsus. (Apollod. iii. 7.§ 4; Paus. vii. 3. § 1, ix. 33. § 1; Strab. ix. p. 443; Schol. ad Apollon. i. 908.) According to Euripides, she had previously become the mother of Amphilochus and Tisiphone, by Alcmaeon, the leader of the Epigoni. (Apollod. iii. 7. § 7.) Being a prophetess of Apollo, she is also called Daphne, i. e. the laurel virgin. (Diod. iv. 66; comp. Athen. vii. p. 298.) [See also SIBYLLA.]
2. A daughter of the soothsayer Polyeidus, and sister of Astycrateia. The tombs of these two sisters were shown at Megara, near the entrance of the sanctuary of Dionysus. (Paus. i. 43. § 5.)
3. A daughter of Heracles, is likewise described as a prophetess, and as the personage from whom the town of Mantua received its name. (Serv. ad Aen. x. 198.)
Myth Index copyright © 2007
<|endofexample|>
A son of Poeas (whence he is called Poeantiades, Ov. Met. xiii. 313) and Demonassa, the most celebrated archer in the Trojan war (Hom. Od. iii. 190, viii. 219 ; Hygin. Fab. 102). He led the warriors from Methone, Thaumacia, Meliboea, and Olizon, against Troy, in seven ships. But on his voyage thither he was left behind by his men in the island of Lemnos, because he was ill of a wound which he had received from the bite of a snake, and Medon, the son of Oïleus and Rhene, undertook the command of his men (Hom. Il. ii. 716, &c.). This is all that the Homeric poems relate of him, with the addition that he returned home in safety (Od. iii. 190); but the cyclic and tragic poets have spun out in various ways this slender groundwork of the story of Philoctetes. He is said to have been the disciple, friend, and armour-bearer of Heracles (Philostr. Imag. 17), who instructed him in the art of using the bow, and who bequeathed to him his bow, with the never-erring poisoned arrows (Philostr. Her. 5). These presents were a reward for his having erected and set fire to the pile on mount Oeta, where Heracles burnt himself (Diod. iv. 38; Hygin. Fab. 36; Ov. Met. ix. 230, &c.). According to others, however, it was Poeas, Morsimus, Hyllus, or Zeus himself who performed that service to Heracles (Apollod. ii. 7. § 7; Tzetz. ad Lyc. 50; Soph. Trach. in fin.). Philoctetes also was one of the suitors of Helen, and, according to some traditions, it was this circumstance that obliged him to take part in the Trojan war (Apollod. iii. 10. § 8). On his journey thither, while staying in the island of Chryse, he was bitten by a snake. This misfortune happened to him as he was showing to the Greeks the altar of Athena Chryse, and approached too near to the serpent which was guarding the temple of the goddess (Soph. Phil. 1327; Philostr. Imag. 17; Eustath. ad Hom. p. 330; Tzetz. ad Lyc. 911), or while he was looking at the tomb of Troilus in the temple of Apollo Thymbraeus, or as he was showing to his companions the altar of Heracles (Philostr. l. c. ; Schol. ad Soph. Phil. 266), or lastly during a sacrifice which Palamedes offered to Apollo Smintheus (Dict. Cret. ii. 14). Hera, it is said, was the cause of this misfortune, being enraged at Philoctetes having performed the above-mentioned service to Heracles (Hygin. Fab. 102), though some related that the snake's bite was the consequence of his not having returned the love of the nymph Chryse (Tzetz. ad Lyc. 911). According to some accounts, moreover, the wound in his foot was not inflicted by a serpent, but by his own poisoned arrows (Serv. ad Aen. iii. 402). The wound is said to have become ulcerated, and to have produced such an intolerable smell, and such intolerable pains, that the moanings of the hero alarmed his companions. The consequence was, that on the advice of Odysseus, and by the command of the Atreidae, he was exposed and left alone on the solitary coast of Lemnos (Ov. Met. xiii. 315; Hygin. Fab. 102). According to some he was there left behind, because the priests of Hephaestus in Lemnos knew how to heal the wound (Eustath. ad Hom. p. 330), and Pylius, a son of Hephaestus, is said to have actually cured him (Ptolem. Heph. 6), while, according to others, he was believed to have died of the wound (comp. Paus. i. 22. § 6). According to the common tradition, the sufferer remained in Lemnos during the whole period of the Trojan war, until in the tenth year Odysseus and Diomedes came to him as ambassadors, to inform him that an oracle had declared that without the arrows of Heracles Troy could not be taken. The tradition which represents him as having been cured, adds that while the war against Troy was going on, he, in conjunction with Euneus, conquered the small islands about the Trojan coast, and expelled their Carian inhabitants. As a reward for these exploits he received a part of Lemnos, which he called Acesa (from akeomai, I heal), and at the request of Diomedes and Neoptolemus, he then proceeded to Troy to decide the victory by his arrows (Philostr. Her. 5; comp. Hygin. Fub. 102; Q. Smyrn. ix. 325, 460; Tzetz. ad Lyc. 911; Schol. ad Pind. Pyth. i. 100). According to the common story, however, Philoctetes was still suffering when the ambassadors arrived, but he nevertheless followed their call. After his arrival before Troy, Apollo sent him into a profound sleep, during which Machaon (or Podalirius, or both, or Asclepius himself) cut out the wound, washed it with wine, and applied healing herbs to it (Tzetz. ad Lyc. l. c.; Schol. ad Pind. Pyth. i. 109; Propert. ii. 1. 61; Q. Smym. x. 180; Soph Phil. 133, 1437). Philoctetes was thus cured. and soon after slew Paris, whereupon Troy fell into the hands of the Greeks (Soph. Phil. 1426 ; Apollod. iii. 12. § 6; Tzetz. ad Lyc. 64; Hygin. Fab. 112; Conon, Narr. 23). On his return from Troy he is said to have been cast upon the coast of Italy, where he settled, and built Petelia and Crimissa. In the latter place he founded a sanctuary of Apollo Alaeus, to whom he dedicated his bow (Strab. vi. p. 254; Tzetz. ad Lyc. 911 ; Serv. ad Aen. iii. 402). Afterwards a band of Rhodians also came to Italy, and as they became involved in war with the colonists from Pallene, Philoctetes assisted the Rhodians, and was slain. His tomb and sanctuary, in which heifers were sacrificed to him, were shown at Macalla. (Tzetz. ad Lyc. 911, 927.)
Greek Mythology Link, Philoctetes (Illustrated)
Myth Index copyright © 2007
<|endofexample|>
ooo I forgot something... I recently recompiled back to 4k stacks and optimized the kernel for the Athlon since the latest Nvidia drivers are good with 4k stacks. I now can decode and scale full bandwidth 1080i with XvMC (FX5200) and not skip too much on the OSD... and the machine is only an XP2000(1.7Ghz).. even if you have the CPU it's worth it to optimize the kernel for your chips, gives a little breathing room.... I have a microATX Mobile XP 2600 build for this weekend. -anthony.vito
<|endofexample|>
On 1/15/07, Dewey Smolka <dsmolka at gmail.com> wrote: > Maybe some explanation of your hardware is in order. > > Nobody can diagnose your problem if you don't tell us what you're > trying to do and with what gear. > _______________________________________________ > mythtv-users mailing list > mythtv-users at mythtv.org > > Running an Epox 8RDA3I with a Sempron 2200, 500 meg of ram with a DVD burner. So, it's nothing out of the ordinary that I can see, Thanks,
<|endofexample|>
> Message: 18 > Date: Thu, 25 Jan 2007 12:16:42 -0700 > From: "stan" <stanlist at cox.net> > Subject: [mythtv-users] Jalopy not working > To: <mythtv-users at mythtv.org> > Message-ID: <006f01c740b5$5895a990$09c0fcb0$@net> > Content-Type: text/plain; > I'm running Netbeans 5.5, and I got the Japoly plugin today named > de-hunsicker-jalopy-plugin-nb50-java15.nbm. The Netbeans module > manager > shows Jalopy Java Source Code Formatter version 0.6.6 being active > under the > Java category. > > I changed the Jalopy options to indent braces and tried > > 1. cntl-shift-F10 > 2. right click -> Format on the file name in the projects window > 3. source format > > (1) and (2) did nothing. (3) formatted per Netbeans normal formatting. > > Should I be able to see the Jalopy formatting changes on the file open > in > the editor? > > Do I need to disable anything in the Netbeans Editor options? > > More generally, why isn't this working? > > --stan ********************************************* Oooooooops. Posted to wrong list. Sorry. --stan
<|endofexample|>
On Sun, Dec 7, 2008 at 2:04 AM, Alex Butcher <mythlist at assursys.co.uk> wrote: > Hi - > > On Sun, 7 Dec 2008, Paul wrote: > >> > > There's a lot of paranoia about PulseAudio about, but it just worked for me > with FC8. Getting simultaneous stereo analogue and raw DD/dts bitstream was > harder - details at > <>, > > One thing I have noticed is that sometimes, the dts bitstream to my amp will > drop out when, if I remember correctly, when there's lots going on in the > video stream (e.g. cutscenes, fast pans). I think I read that's a MythTV > issue, though. > >> Thanks > > Best Regards, > Alex. > _______________________________________________ > mythtv-users mailing list > mythtv-users at mythtv.org > > I have some comments regarding using asound.conf to configure alsa to give spdif out so that you can get analog and spdif output at the same time. I have read that the way alsa deals with spdif is that it decodes the ac3 digital stream, then does the defined assignments, then encodes it into a new ac3 stream. In other words, it processes the signal and does not pass it through. Evidence of this can be seen in the conf file if the bit rate is defined. If alsa was just passing the spdif bitstream through, it wouldn't know or want the bit rate defined in the file as it will be different depending on the source, DVD or ATSC. I have also read that alsa does not do a very good job of encoding the audio so you have a loss of quality. As my goal is to get the best spdif audio quality possible, I bypass alsa and use alsa:spdif as the default output device and remove asound.conf. That said, I would love to have both spdif and analog output at the same time. I believe my Azilia sound chip has the hardware to do this but I don't know how to access this capability. I believe that would be a sound driver setting in other words, at lower level lower than alsa or myth. Comments? Allen
<|endofexample|>
>I've been poking around looking for a replacement for my deceased EPIA >MII10K (the cap swap didn't help). And the AppleTV units seem to be a >runner, admittedly I've a composite/svideo/SCART SD TV so I've begun >looking at the various hacks to bolt it to this (the softmod composite >over green/chroma looks promising). > >I'm assuming MythTV can run as an application on the AppleTV, is this >still the case? > >One thing I'm worried about is the initial setup of the device, I assume >it won't do anything odd when I wire it up to an SD TV just bring up a >settings screen at some ubiquitus low resolution to allow for wifi >configuration and such? > >Any advice from ATV users? For warned of problems is for armed after >all. >.
<|endofexample|>
Rick Hudson wrote: > I seem to recall that on recent versions of Linux, hdparm -S doesn't even work > on ATA drives because of the change in control path. e.g. on my Ubuntu 8.04 > backend the media drive is an ATAPI drive but Ubuntu sees it as /dev/sda and > must be controlled using the SCSI interface. For what it's worth, my SATA drives are also seen as /dev/sd[a-f] and can be controlled using hdparm. Specifically, hdparm -S does indeed work. That's on stock Ubuntu 7.10, which uses a kernel derived from 2.6.22.
<|endofexample|>
- 1 Guess Who's Not Coming To Dinner
Despite her moving out (to across the hall), Will still feels that Grace clings to him, so she asserts her independence by having a dinner party without him. Meanwhile, to keep the INS at bay, Jack is forced to move in with Rosario.
Air Date: 1999-09-21
- 2 Election
When Grace feels that Will is abusing his power as president of the tenant's association, she runs against him. Karen tries to buy back Jack's forgiveness when she lets his beloved bird, Guapo, fly out the window.
Air Date: 1999-09-28
- 3 Das Boob.
Air Date: 1999-11-02
- 4 Whose Mom Is It Anyway?
Grace is jealous when her mother stops match making for her, and instead sets Will up. Jack must convince an INS agent (who he dated once) that he and Rosario are happily married.
Air Date: 1999-11-09
- 5 Polk Defeats Truman
When his work for Harlin takes up all his time, Will drops all his other legal clients; a decision that later comes up to bite. Meanwhile Grace tries to teach Karen how to live on a budget.
Air Date: 1999-11-16
- 6 To Serve & Disinfect
An unemployed Will agrees to serve as one of Jack's cater-waiters, until he learns that he'll be catering for American Bar Association. Grace discovers Karen's darkest secret: she once made a porn video.
Air Date: 1999-11-23
- 7 Homo For The Holidays
Will and Grace are shocked to learn that Jack never told his mother he was gay and encourage him to open up to her at Thanksgiving. The evening brings a revelation for Jack as well: his father isn't who he thinks it is.
Air Date: 1999-11-25
- 8 Terms Of Employment
Grace looks to Will for representation when a hotshot lawyer doesn't pay her for a consulting assignment, but he ends up making Will a job offer. Meanwhile, Jack and Karen turn a training film set into an adult entertainment experience.
Air Date: 1999-11-30
- 9 I Never Promised You An Olive Garden.
Air Date: 1999-12-14
- 10 Tea & A Total Lack Of Sympathy.
Air Date: 2000-01-11
- 11 Seeds Of Discontent
Grace is excited to meet Will's best friend from high school until she learns that the woman has made a request: to be implanted with Will's sperm. Now Grace has to confront Will about Will being her ""backup.""
Air Date: 2000-01-25
- 12 He's Come Undone
Erotic dreams about Grace send Will to a therapist, who seems more interested in Grace. Meanwhile Jack and Karen clash over her treatment of Rosario.
Air Date: 2000-02-08
- 13 Oh Dad, Poor Dad, He's Kept Me In The Closet And I'm So Sad.
Air Date: 2000-02-15
- 14 Acting Out.
Air Date: 2000-02-22
- 15 Advise & Resent.
Air Date: 2000-02-29
- 16 Hey La, Hey La, My Ex-Boyfriend's Back
Will thinks that he has another chance with Michael, his old boyfriend and Grace's new client. Meanwhile, Karen tries taking her ""career"" more seriously and asks Grace for greater responsibilities.
Air Date: 2000-03-14
- 17 The Hospital Show?
Air Date: 2000-03-28
- 18 Sweet & Sour Charity.
Air Date: 2000-04-04
- 19 An Affair To Forget.
Air Date: 2000-04-18
- 20 Girls, Interrupted.
Average Episode Rating: 4.0 | Air Date: 2000-05-02
- 21 There But For The Grace Of Grace.
Air Date: 2000-05-09
- 22 My Best Friend's T.
Air Date: 2000-05-16
- 23 Ben? Her? (1).
Air Date: 2000-05-23
- 24 Ben? Her? (2)
Forced by his boss to betray both of his friends, Will quits--only to discover that everything isn't as it seems. Frustrated, he leaves a lost Jack and Grace behind and ends up on a tropical island without a care in the world. Until Ben shows up.
Air Date: 2000-05-23
<|endofexample|>
Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Tevin King ran for 112 yards and three touchdowns as he helped lift the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs to a 56-49 shootout victory over the Houston Cougars in non-conference action at Robertson Stadium.
King carried the ball 13 times for the Bulldogs (1-0), who had their season- opener against Texas A&M postponed due to Hurricane Isaac, as the team rolled up 245 rushing yards and five total touchdowns on the ground. Quarterback Colby Cameron converted 34-of-52 passes for 353 yards and three TDs as well.
The Cougars (0-2) were paced by David Piland who let loose with 77 passing attempts, hitting on 53, for 580 yards and four touchdowns in the setback. Dewayne Peace and Charles Sims both caught 11 balls, the former turning his into 141 yards and one score. Daniel Spencer reeled in seven passes for a game-high 157 yards and a TD.
Needing just three plays to march 44 yards, the Bulldogs posted the first points of the night as King crossed the goal line from 13 yards away. The Bulldogs scored their second touchdown of the evening at the 9:40 mark as the quick-strike offense marched down the field and into the end zone on a nine-yard run by King.
Houston broke through later in the first frame as kicker Matt Hogan knocked through a 30-yard field goal to cut the deficit to 14-3.
Following a stalled drive that was crippled by offensive penalties, Hogan answered the bell for the Cougars once again as he converted a 42-yard field goal with under two minutes remaining in the first.
Early in the second quarter LaTech added to the lead when Cameron connected with Jon Greenwalt on a six-yard scoring strike to make the score 21-6.
Later in the period the Cougars made their first appearance in the end zone thanks to a 32-yard touchdown reception by Ronnie Williams which made the score 21-13 with 4:28 to play before the half.
Houston cut the lead to just a single point with less than a minute remaining before the break as Sims scored on a two-yard run.
Coming out of intermission, LaTech put up back-to-back rushing touchdowns of 59 and two yards by King and Kenneth Dixon, respectively, to lift the visitors to a 35-20 lead.
Bulldogs running back Ray Holley posted a two-yard TD run of his own later in the third, but that was only after Piland hooked up with Spencer on a thrilling 74-yard TD pass play. Heading into the final 15 minutes the Bulldogs maintained a 42-27 advantage.
With a short field Louisiana Tech needed just two plays to come up with yet another touchdown, this time on an eight-yard pass from Cameron to Hunter Lee, extending the Bulldogs lead to 49-27 and seemingly out of reach.
However, the Cougars refused to give in as Sims finished off a 12-play, 75- yard drive with a one-yard TD and the squad closed the gap even more with a successful two-point conversion.
Then again, Tech was quick to respond with a 75-yard drive of its own, capped by a 14-yard TD pass from Cameron to R.P. Stuart to make it a three-touchdown difference yet again at 56-35.
Piland and the Cougars continued to chip away in the waning moments, the signal-caller hooking up with Peace on a seven-yard TD pass play and Deontay Greenberry with a 12-yard scoring strike, the latter coming with just 35 seconds remaining.
The teams combined for 1,291 yards of total offense, but Houston hurt itself with 15 penalties which amounted to 138 yards of lost field position.
The Cougars, losers to Texas State (30-13) in the opener last week, led the nation in total offense (599.1 ypg) and scoring (49.3 ppg) a season ago. Following the loss to the Bobcats, Houston offensive coordinator Mike Nesbitt resigned, the position subsequently being passed to Travis Bush.
<|endofexample|>
Advertisements
Your thoughts in regard to the site
smartdok.no are very important to us. Please share your thoughts about
the site with us.
Meta Description :Smartdok.No timeregistrering smartdok
Meta Keywords :timeregistrering mobil verktã¸yoversikt vareforbruk vareproduksjon timelister sjekklister
Title Caracter Number :
(Bad)
Your title character number is 0-10 character. You wrote really a short title to your web site. We think that you can get more visitors if you write words about title to your web site.
Meta Description :
25
(Bad)
There are 20-30 character on meta description part of your smartdok :213.180.95.41
Country Code :
Country :Sweden
Google Pagerank : 3
Google Backlink :
15 Link
Google Indexed :
130 Link
Yahoo Indexed :
0 Link
Yahoo Backlink :
0 Link
Rank :
10386773
High Search Queries :
I have a google analytics acount. Do I have a change to see other account out of this account ?For example, How can I reach the analytics account of smartdok.no web site ?
There are too many pages in the web site and They don’t work and I have a problem in my internet. Oh my god, I should restart my modem.
I can’t see the page rank value of smartdok.no.
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to My Voice Nation. Creating an account is easy and completely free, and gets you access to great features like:
Start connecting with everything local on events, music, restaurants, news, and more, today!
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
I go through hand/body lotion like nobody I know. The thing is - (as much as I LOVE lotion) it's usually not me that makes the lotion disappear so fast. I seem to be going through one of those big Bath & Body Works bottles every 2-3 weeks, and most of it is used by my co-workers.
While people are waiting to talk to me (another post on that at a later date!) they either moisturize or raid my candy jar... or both.
Is it bad that they guys are making requests for lotion that smells less girly? And anybody got any ideas on how to sneak lotion onto my expense report? Just kidding...kinda. :-)
Another post later today...
I have a bottle of lotion on my desk, and my employees are always using it when they are talking to me. It bugs me like crazy! lol.
Thanks for stopping by this morning! Shame on you...I am now busy over at the website selling E.L.F. makeup instead of working! :)
No seriously, thanks for the heads up...WOW...$1.00...can't get better than that!
Hahahah that would drive me insane, but at least it is a huge compliment to you!!
This is why I keep mine IN my desk! (both lotion and candy)
I did a training once with a group of middle schoolers and had some BBW Vanilla Bean Noel lotion as a prize (meant for the girls). The boys went CRAZY over it! I mean, they were rubbing it all over their hands and arms, sniffing, and one boy even rubbed it in his hair. So strange!
<|endofexample|>
RingtonesRingtone Store
MP3s
Apps
Wallpapers
Videos
PhonesAndroid Blackberry iPhone
Myxer is NOT a subscription service and there are no monthly fees, however Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Compatible with most carriers including AT&T, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, Virgin Mobile and T-Mobile. For items with a price, users on the carriers listed can charge items to their phone bill, or deduct the cost from their prepaid balance. All purchases must be authorized by the account holder. Support:. Text STOP to 69937 to opt out or Text HELP to 69937 for help.
©2013 Myxer Inc.
<|endofexample|>
Healthy.
re: Who Controls the School E-mail List?
In our district, the principal controls one list and the PTC controls another for the school. That way, there is no conflict - and both lists send info that is appropriate for their list. The source of emails for both lists is the school parent email database, and we ask for permission during the fall contact update period.
<|endofexample|>
Study: Trade Protectionism Stifling IT Sector
Big emerging markets led by China are increasing protectionist measures in the tech sector, hurting one of the most dynamic parts of the global economy, a U.S. industry study said Wednesday.
The Business Software Alliance (BSA) report said the new trade barriers which discriminate against foreign information technology products and services are often disguised as measures to spur local innovation or to protect security.
The alliance said the trend is troubling because the developing markets are seeing the fastest growth in the IT sector but are shutting out a lot of goods and services from the U.S. and Europe.
"These barriers -- in China, India, Brazil, and elsewhere -- are having a contagion effect, emboldening other emerging markets to impose protectionist measures of their own," the report said.
"The global scope of the problem poses immediate and long-term threats to the IT industry and the broader global economy. These threats cannot be overstated or ignored."
The report noted that new personal computer sales in China already outstrip those of the United States, and Brazil recently became the third-largest market for PCs, overtaking Japan.
Robert Holleyman, chief executive of the alliance, told Agence France Presse these measures often show up in government procurement, which is the largest source of IT spending.
"Governments are the single largest purchasers of IT products in the world, and we are concerned when we see some governments stacking the deck," he said.
The impetus for some moves has been China's so-called domestic innovation policy, which favors domestic firms, Holleyman said. This often affects products which may be made in China but whose underlying design is owned by a U.S. firm.
"The existence of some of these policies in China provides a kind of safety net for other governments to think they will not be criticized if they adopt similar policies," Holleyman said.
He added that these policies "will not do what they were intended to do, they will not create innovation, they will allow home companies to be insulated from competition, and will only work in that one country."
The BSA report cited tariffs, technical standards, procurement and other policies in Brazil, Indonesia and Vietnam and "burdensome security testing" in India which keeps out many foreign firms.
In the growing area of cloud computing, the report said, a number of nations are locking out foreign companies in order to ensure that data centers are housed within their borders.
Holleyman said the U.S. and Europe should press for open markets during bilateral discussions and within the World Trade Organization, encouraging more nations to sign the WTO agreement on procurement which opens up government bids to foreign competition.
<|endofexample|>
.
I don’t have all of the answers and some weeks it feels like I don’t have any of the answers. I forget students names sometimes and say stupid things that hurt their feelings. I often find a good word picture or object lesson and build the lesson off of that instead of the other way around. I have put the finishing touches on a Wednesday night Bible study on Wednesday more times than I can count. I don’t always pray as much as I should and I never study as much as I should. I try every new youth ministry model that comes from the “experts” and I have had at least 3 mission statements over the past 5 years.
But I love students ministry. I love watching teenagers as they serve God. I love to see them worship and forget about themselves for a while. I love seeing someone wake up to the love of God if only for a little while. I love to see them out serving their community and sharing the love of Christ with others. I love to be a part of their lives and I love seeing the world through their eyes. Like I said, I’m an average youth pastor.
For over 10 years now I have been trying to add creative ideas for use in the local church. In the early days Nailscars.com was just a place to publish some scripts, but it has become a collection of creative ministry resources for youth ministry and worship.
I began writing a blog more to process my own thoughts more than anything else. As I started writing the comments that I got back from people amazed me. As I was honest with my struggles most of them would write and say “Thank you.” “It is just nice to know someone else struggles with these same things,” was a common response.
So this has become a place where I share the struggles and successes of being in youth ministry. I hope that you find something that God can use in your life and ministry.
<|endofexample|>
Fantastic Renovated 2 Bedroom, Stainless Steel
Appliances, Dishwasher, Microwave, Recessed Lights, Ceiling Fan,
Marble Bath, Hardwood Floors, Great Share In The Heart Of Murray
Hill. No Fee Call or email For a
$100 increase in monthly rent you have the option of renting an
apartment in the same building with your own private roof deck!
Either way, with or without the roofdeck, these great deals are
well worth the call . Or email
<|endofexample|>
This.
<|endofexample|>
I'ts a matter of size
Quick intro movie about nanotechnology
New leadership at the Nano-Science Center
From 1 September, Jesper Nygård is the new leader of the Nano-Science Center. Thomas Bjørnholm is leaving the center for the post as Vice-Rector of the University of Copenhagen.
Jesper Nygård is associate professor of physics and has in recent years served as deputy center director at the Nano-Science Centre. Kristine Kilså Jensen, associate professor of chemistry is the new deputy center director.
<|endofexample|>
> Kinda reminds me of the individuals who show up in the IETF terminal
> room unable to configure TCP/IP on their Win95 laptop.
a guy sat down next to at the last one, looked at the screen and said
'we have to use unix?'. I directed him to the peecees. gaak
> Come on people, THINK. E-mail is not an efficient way of discussing
> an outage in progress!
true, but it makes for interesting post-mortem reading...
what other means do we have? Let's see there's the telephone, but it's
unicast. How about teevee, that's broadcast :)
Humourously,
Joel
(who's in a good mood 'cause he used the downtime to install junkbuster)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
<|endofexample|>
Would anyone care to give some operational insight into the surge
of BGP routing instability this morning between appx 08:00 and 10:00
GMT? Turned on and off like a lightswitch, as seen from GRADUS
() -- we saw cleanly correlated and sustained
increases in the prefix announcement and withdrawal rates reported by
all GRADUS feeds during that window. --jim
p.s. By the way, we haven't seen the kind of sustained increase in
"maintenance cycle" routing instability that we were expecting after
the SNMP news broke. Some increase in the background noise, but nothing
major overall. Good job, guys :)
<|endofexample|>
.
airboatboy writes:
I'm Catholic and I would pull the trigger and put one in his head if I could. I never know if people like you are weak or just out of touch with reality. What if this was your family he sliced up! Would you be so kind then? I hope not.
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
<|endofexample|>
34110 writes:.
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
<|endofexample|>
Video. Watch »
A TOWN WITHOUT A VOTE: MULTIMEDIA
>>IMAGE TOWN WITHOUT A VOTE, PART I: DOCUMENTS
A TOWN WITHOUT A VOTE, PART II: DOCUMENTS
A TOWN WITHOUT A VOTE, PART III: DOCUMENTS
AVE MARIA — Imagine my surprise when I looked at the front page of the Sunday Naples Daily News to see the headline “Ave Maria: A Town without a Vote – Now and Forever.” After all, I am the author of the law that created the Ave Maria Stewardship Community District being described – and that law was written expressly to protect the rights of future Ave Maria residents and to assure that residents would gain the majority of votes well before the town reaches sell-out.
Reading on, I noted that many of the assertions being made were based on files released from my office – including one internal memo written far before the law was even drafted that had no bearing on the ultimate law. Therefore, my comments on those documents do not apply to the Act as written. If I have confused the issue in any way, I apologize.
Furthermore, I appreciate the opportunity to set the record straight.
The foundation of this entire series of articles is incorrect. It is true that the 61-page law that governs this District is complex so that those unaccustomed to dealing with these types of documents might become confused. However, it is clear on the issues of transition of voting control and the purpose of the government. This is what it says.. How rapidly control changes depends upon the rate of sales. This process is identical to those that are used in communities throughout our state. To review this part of the law, please go to, pull up the “Ave Maria Stewardship Community District Act”, Chapter 2004-461, Laws of Florida, and refer to Section 4, number (3)(c) on page 25.
2. The Ave Maria District in question has only one purpose: to manage the construction and maintenance of public infrastructure. The specification of the District’s limitations, duties and powers to use to carry out its purpose is in the Act, in Section 4, (9) beginning on page 35. The many purposes of County and other local governments, including law enforcement, fire control, zoning, and public schools, are held by Collier County government, the Sheriff, Fire Districts and the Collier County Public Schools.
Further, I must dispute that I wrote this law to assure that the developer would retain control of the District forever. That is an error of fact and law. In addition, the assertion that I purposefully “did not reveal the law’s implications to the legions of special interest groups, media, government staff members and politicians who reviewed it” is untrue. Ave Maria in general and this District in specific are among the most scrutinized in the history of Florida development, and I made every effort to assure that this law’s intent and content were disclosed to all those who were involved.
My client, Ave Maria Development, LLLP, has adhered consistently to the highest ethical standards. So have I. Our integrity should not be subject to baseless insinuations and observations.
As we approach celebrating the 65th anniversary of the D-Day Invasion on the beaches of Normandy in World War II, which saved western civilization and all of the constitutional rights we enjoy, we would be the first to observe that, among those rights, is freedom of the press in which we believe fervently. We also believe in the benefits of informed citizens with access to the truth, unfettered and clear, constituting a fundamental component of representative democracy. In that basic American context, I can assure the current and future residents of Ave Maria that their rights are well protected under this law. After all, that’s the way Ave Maria Development directed it be written, and that’s the way I wrote it.
Max_Headroom writes:
Blah....Blah....Blah....
tootsie writes:
So WHO did the rush to Judgment on the Naples News coverage? Or did "someone" create their own news with the articles? ... just wondering
napleska7 writes:
O this is great, NDN being exposed for the toilet paper it is....very bad toilet paper at that, I prefer Cottonelle over this crap any day that ends in 'Y'
rtsspeaks writes:
Wait a minute.
How many acres are there included in the total property, and how many are retained by the Company, and how many will individuals own. If less than 50% are sold to homeowners than the Company will retain control forever.
Further explanation by this lawyer and rebuttal by NDN, where applicable, would be appreciated.
I usually find lawyers say what they are paid to say and make it sound good!!!
maverick1 writes:
legal gobbely goop
he is doing just what he does best
distort the facts.
what the paper wrote about the percent coverage to achieve home rule is very believable.
if you were a developer (bad word) and you could get away with that control i'm sure every developer would do that. that is why laws are supposed to prevent that from happening. why else would he make it so long and difficult to understand.
flahill writes:
Bottom line is:
1) If you want to live in a cult-like environment dominated by Catholic beliefs, this is the place, but beware....
2) Be prepared to cough up extra money yearly for the underlying Community Development District. What a scam these CDDs are. Developer and investors are the beneficiary of CDDs and what happens when a CDD project fails, as many are in Florida. Who pays? Very serious advice to anyone interested in buying in Ave Maria....DO YOUR HOMEWORK.
sunalsorises writes:
The attorney says above:
."
But he does not dispute the NDN article's point that there are over 10,000 acres in the Stewardship Overlay Area of which about half are designated for development. So even if all 5,000 of the acres were fully sold to residents they still would not have more than half of the votes for the Stewardship board.
Additionally, nearly 1000 of the developable acres are held privately by the Ave Maria University Foundation.
The balance of the acres surrounding the town and not designated for development(5,000)plus the University parcels in the town(1,000) will always equal at least 60% of the total land under the stewardship.
The residents will never be able to control more than 40% of the votes. It does indeed appear that the land will be controlled into perpetuity by the developers and Monaghan.
chestercopperpot writes:
sunalsorises - if I understand this correctly, at buildout (which is estimated at 11,000 units in previous articles), the residents would have 11,000 votes. If your calculation is correct, at buildout, the developer would have 6,000 votes, one for each remaining acre. It seems clear the residents would have majority vote in advance of buildout.
ireadu writes:
Liam Dillon, you did a darn fine job.
Keep it up. Don't let the Gables or attorneys of this world bully you or your journalistic sense.
Great work! Get your Pulitzer clips ready.
sunalsorises writes:
copperpot-
Not quite. It is not 1 vote per unit. It is one vote per acre. Several units may be needed to equal one acre and therefore one vote. A unit less than an acre would receive a fraction of a vote.
"d) At the landowners meeting for the election of the members of the Board of Supervisors on a one-acre, one-vote basis..."... Last lines of page 25.
baje writes:
It is one vote per owner of a fraction of an acre. Therefore, each residential unit owner, as an owner of a fraction of an acre, has one vote (not a fraction of a vote). There will be multiple residential unit owners per each acre developed, therefore multiple voters per acre. You can muddy the water all you want, but it is not a gray area, it is black and white and in the law.
greathornedlizard writes:
Even the votes will not matter for many, many years because the majority shareholder will most likely seek the votes of most residents (and get them) for quite a while, that being the safest way to maintain the commons and other constructive functions of a development company, while the Ave Maria residents aquire the skills to run the place.
I believe that these interactions, sometimes acrimonious, generally go on for multiple decades.
sukle writes:
Lol;as if all those acres will ever be sold.
Have you seen the ghost town this place is? If everyone shows up for work tomorrow, there will be more people that are employees then residents. It was built on ego and and hopefully at least one Baptist will sneak in the door and create anarchy.
Lucifer writes:
To those of you that take an attorney at their word I pity you. Good post #7. No way would I ever consider living in that God forsaken place called Ave Maria.
Debalou writes:
I don't know why they are worried about this. Ava Maria will NEVER be built out. It's a ghost town. We drove out there one beautiful Sunday afternoon in February. It was a horrible drive out there. The roads are pitted and narrow. Once we got there, no one was around. We drove back to the very nice park and it was desolate. Remember, the sun was shining, it was about 74* - beautiful. And the parks were empty!. The houses we toured weren't very well built and were full of bugs. I don't understand why anyone would want to live in the middle of a bug infested swamp far, far away from the nearest grocery store, beach, movie theaters, restaurants, etc. I imagine this was one of those "have I got some swamp land to sell you" kind of deals.
Plus, why did my friends in the Estates have their properties taken from them by SWF Water Management but then they build this 10,000 acre boondoggle right in the area they are trying to save!?? Who got paid off?! Are we protecting our Everglades or not?
PHINFAN writes:
This
kysaberinger writes:
"if I understand this correctly, at buildout (which is estimated at 11,000 units in previous articles), the residents would have 11,000 votes"
You are incorrectly assuming that all units are owned by residents. According to Avewatch, of the 48 properties sold as "homeowner" (code 4) in the Middlebrooke area of town, only 7 are typical residents. AMU owns 32 of the 48.
chestercopperpot writes:
kysaberinger -
Out of the 11,000 residential units, how many do you believe AMU will purchase? Using simple math, they would need to purchase at least 2,500 units to prevent typical residents from gaining majority. This is not realistic. Bottom line, the typical residents will have majority vote prior to the 11,000 unit buildout. I appologize if this result disappoints you.
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
<|endofexample|>
Text Size
OpNom:
Summary | Overview | Operations | Results | Publications | ImageryFacility SummaryResults Publications
<|endofexample|>
North Atlantic Salmon Conservation Organization
Conserving and restoring wild Atlantic salmon
Updated
©/Disclaimer
PDF documents require Acrobat Reader. Download free
from
.Designed by J7 (MIS) Ltd
Research on Atlantic Salmon at Sea
The current
period of low abundance of Atlantic salmon appears to be related to
poor survival of salmon at sea. For some monitored stocks, marine mortality
is currently twice as high as in the 1970s and this has been linked to climate change.
In 2001, NASCO established
an International Atlantic Salmon Research Board (IASRB) to promote collaboration
and cooperation on research into the causes of marine mortality of Atlantic
salmon and the opportunities to counteract this mortality. In 2005, the IASRB developed and implemented a comprehensive, innovative programme of research on salmon at sea, the SALSEA Programme, with coordinated marine sampling initiatives launched in 2008. Read more...
NASCO had previously agreed a Resolution on scientific research fishing. Read more...
<|endofexample|>
Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!
Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(.
Stivarga Shows Promise
Oncology product, Stivarga, which has been developed by
Bayer
(
BAYRY
), could be a blockbuster. Stivarga gained FDA approval for the
treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in late
September 2012, a month ahead of expectations. Bayer is also
seeking FDA approval for Stivarga for treating patients suffering
from metastatic and/or unresectable gastrointestinal stromal
tumors (GIST). Bayer is looking to expand Stivarga's label
further and is planning to initiate two phase III studies this
year - one in second-line hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and the
other in CRC following resection of liver metastases. cancer.
Another breast cancer candidate, PD-0332991 (PD-991), which is
being developed with
Pfizer
(
PFE
), is scheduled to enter into a phase III study this year.
Our Take.
Currently, pharma companies like
Valeant Pharmaceuticals
(
VRX
) and
Ironwood Pharmaceuticals
(
IRWD
) carry?
<|endofexample|>
Performance.Yeah! Total Protein System is your ultimate structured nutrition source. Elevate your game, choose your nutrients wisely and introduce your body to an improved level of metabolic support where limits do not exist.
Brands
Categories
Trust Center
FREE NEWSLETTER SIGNUP!
Quick Search
Information
Did You Know?
You can request a Nashua Nutrition catalog by just
clicking here
and filling out the requested information.
<|endofexample|>
The Agricultural Statistics Board exemplifies the care NASS exercises to safeguard the integrity of the estimates.
Production forecasts for corn, wheat, cotton, soybeans, and oranges are defined by law as speculative because they are traded on commodity markets. Anyone having early access to this information would have an obvious advantage in trading, so the Agricultural Statistics Board goes to great lengths to prevent it.
The SSO's transmit data and comments on speculative commodities to the secretary of the Agricultural Statistics Board through the NASS computer system and special encoding equipment. Upon transmission, the encoded data are saved on diskettes, which are placed in pouches and locked in a safe. The files are then purged from the system.
NASS employees prepare the official estimates in rooms that are kept locked and guarded by officers stationed outside in the hallways. Opaque vinyl shades with steel reinforcers are drawn over windows and sealed to prevent unauthorized observation. All telephones are disconnected, and computer systems are secured against tampering. The lockup area is monitored to detect the presence of electronic surveillance equipment. Once they have entered the area, employees preparing the report are prohibited from leaving the area or contacting anyone outside until the report has been released. Copies of the report are printed within the lockup area.
After the lockup area has been secured, the diskettes are removed from the safe and the files are decrypted. Analysts review the survey data and SSO recommendations to determine national and State estimates.
NASS also observes strict security precautions for reports dealing with nonspeculative commodities. The analysts work on these reports in restricted areas, and only those directly involved in report preparation are permitted access to the information.
No unauthorized person has access to the data or analysis of a report before it is issued. Not even the Secretary of Agriculture knows a report's contents until entering the lockup area to sign it just before release.
The Board presents its reports in printed and electronic form to the waiting public and press, adhering to a schedule announced at the beginning of each year.
Last modified: 11/17/08
<|endofexample|>
I offer a full range of Astrological Services from Readings and Forecasts, to Personal Consultations. So that we can find out about each other and to see how I can best help you, I would like to offer you a FREE 5 Minute Telephone Conversation at your convenience. BOOK HERE
<|endofexample|>
!
I had better get this post published and start researching candle making but before I go I just want to thank the following ladies for hosting these wonderful linky parties today: am also linking to the Prior Lives Party.
So, it's time to make another cup of tea and sit in my big comfy club chair and learn about the art of candle making. If you have any tips for a beginner like me please do pass them on!
Best wishes for a wonderful week,
Natasha In Oz
Hi Natasha
A lovely comfy chair, a pile of magazines and a cup of Yorkshire tea, a day of bliss!!! Jackie in UK.
Such a great post. You are right, that place was so comfy to relax.
ummm...this is a delightful post, dear heart.
First off...I am in total love with your big comfy and good looking chair. Perfect spot to 'research'..:))
Next, the table is awesome!! Just love that..
Your teacup is so pretty and you are doing a heck of a job on your mosaics. They are fabulous!! I love the way you photograph things...
And....ME, TOO !! I want to learn to make candles...won't it be fun.!
I am sooo not crafty and I often think I can do something crafty and then I think, "what WAS I thinking ??"
love, bj
I love love love that brown leather chair! It looks so cozy to stretch out in!.
Take Care
Brenda
Definitely looks like a cozy place to curl up with a cup of tea and relax. I love the table! When I was a little girl, my mother used to make candles. I used to love watching her create different shapes and designs as well as the colors and different textures she would use. I think it would be an interesting project.
~ Tracy
HI Natasha,
Thank you somuch for visiting my blog the other day! I think you should enter the challenge you've already done the hard work - finding all these wondeful photos of beautiful things
I LOVE that table. It is so unusual and I love the inside.
Your den does look like a cozy place to enjoy your cup of tea. Yorkshire tea is one of my regular morning brands, along with PG Tips and London Cuppa.
That silver chest does make a great looking table and the teacup candles are so pretty.
Love the teacups! Be blessed. Cindy
Yes, yes, yes,
I've wanted to make those tea cup candles too. Wouldn't they make a pretty favor or small gift? If you make one, please share your efforts step by step. Until then, enjoy your tea-time.
Cheers,
Debi
You do have the perfect spot to research. Your post is fabulous!
Martha does have instructions on how to make these teacup candles and you will have no problem doing them. I am excited to see them.
I would love to share with the other tea ladies on my meme. Looking forward to following you and hope you will follow us too.
Pam
May I join you? What a cozy spot to settle in and have a cup of tea and read...love it!
I adore all of the teacup candles what a wonderful use for all of those one of a kind teacups and saucers we have laying around!
Beautiful!
Enjoy!
Cathy
Natasha..I LOVE your silverware box table. So lovely. Tea cup candles, what a wonderful idea! Enjoyed my visit to your lovely blog :)
Blessings!
Gail
That does look like a cozy chair, I love leather! Love all the pretty tea cups too and I love candles in them! Come say hi :D
Oh, what a cozy spot to have a spot of tea and read a magazine! That chair looks sooo comfy and I adore your little side table! I love teacup candles! I haven't actually made one yet but I have oftentimes placed a votive in a teacup. Love it! Thanks for sharing and thanks for joining me for Tea Time. Have a beautiful day.
Blessings,
Sandi
Yes !!! tea time.......again.laugh and joy !!!.....together with you my moment of the day.....my dear Natascha......happy evening...thanks for the tea!!! hugs Ria.....
the perfect place to 'research'...how cozy and wonderful!
Hi :) Your chair looks so inviting and cozy, and what a perfect spot to relax and "research" thru the magazines, lol!
Happy Teacup Tuesday!
Warmest, Brenda
What a family treasure to have the lovely cutlery table. Items handed down are so meaningful.
I have made a few candles - tapers. Actually they were thin tapers, very thin tapers because I got very tired of dipping them. Pouring the melted wax would be a faster way to go.
Look forward to the pictures of your tea cup candles!
Hi Natasha,
This black and white teacup is stunning. Love that. You have always so creative ideas. I love the tea cup canles, too.
Greetings, Johanna
The candle teacups are such a GREAT idea! The closest I've come to making one is to put a votive in a demitasse! These are so much nicer!
Thanks for sharing!
Amy
Well, you see the brown leather chair IS for more than reading magazines...you have a new project all lined up! Can't wait to see your candles!
xoxo
Jane
I can see my self in yr chair, doing research!
I know you can buy the way pellets (bees wax so they will small nice too) Altered Element, they ship from the UK world wide, you can always add scented oils. But I am sure they will sell simalr stuf close to home have a nosey on the internet you could be making loads before you know it
Love Danw xx
Funny, I posted about these at Mother's Day.
Hello Natasha- I love all of your teacups, but especially the green and black striped one. Does it have a picture inside? You den looks so cozy and I love the side table and memories that go with. If you want to learn how to make a teacup candle I made a tutorial on my craft blog Take care.
What a lovely table. Candle making, that sounds like fun!
Bonjour Natasha, I love the teacup candles and there's a lovely stall with lots and lots of vintage ones here at Greenwich Market in London. That's where I bought my vintage bowl that gave me so much inspiration a while back... Such a charming idea. Love from London x
Hi Natasha. What a beautiful pictures. Almost real. I just stopped to make myself a cup of tea and joined your blog again.
Bye, Lilian
Oh what a perfect place to sit and relax with a cup of tea and enjoy a good magazine. Love your beautiful teacup candles. They are just stunning. So pretty. Thanks so much for joining TTT. Hugs, Marty
Great tea cup collection! I am trying to make a blog button and failing miserably with it. Thanks for offering to link back to me... :O)
I love these Tea-up candles..I have made them & they are very pretty. I love the cups especially.. I made them years ago before there was blogging so I wish i had a post on it..Anyway Natasha: You are too cute! I vote that Natasha learns to make the candles and she teaches Martha! What do you think about that? I am a fast learner and I can be at your house this evening. What a great time we could have. I could be your assistance! I like that! I am going to try and find out what I can about making candles. It does sound like fun. I will be back. It is almost 6 pm in the States so shall we start at 7? LOL! Blessings, Martha
Love your comfy tea post. And yes, tea cup candles are fun to make!
Also, you can make tea cup pin cushions as well.
So much fun to be had!
Hugs,
Terri
Just beautiful!
Katherine
A gorgeous room full of comfy cozie furniture...
I recieved a cup and saucer candle for Christmas last year from a dear friend...great idea for gifts!
Have a sweet week Natasha,
xoxo~Kathy @
Sweet Up-North Mornings...
Hi Natasha!!
I love your chair and ottaman it looks so comfortable. Good luck learning to make teacup candles, maybe you could do a tutorial once you learn how:)The tea lloks so good I'm going to go make a cup! Love the cup,
:) Michelle
Now that is one terrific spot to sit and read, I mean, research!!
And that table is magnificent!!
Your tea cup is lovely and I too wish I know how to make tea cup candles!!
Debbie
As a candle fan I just love this idea Natasha.
yes I wouldnt mind making some teacup candles too, will have to try and find a blog post on how to! Love your cutlery canteen by the way, they usually make a few $$ on ebay I have found. Might be fun filling it up with nice cutlery again too!
alicia
Lovely cup! I do like the striking difference of the dark green and white....very different from most patterns that all seem to be soft pastels. I had to smile at the cup that resembled cross-stitch....I've been on a bit of a stitching blitz lately. I wonder if the pattern on the cup could be replicated in stitches....
I love the teacup candles. Lord knows I have plenty of teacups to make some!
Hi Natasha! LOVE all your teacups today!.. especially that cross stitch floral teacup!! I think it would be lots of fun making them, and have thought of trying it myself, but just never got around to it. I can't wait to see YOURS, if YOU do!... Enjoy your day, and have a great weekend! ~tina
What a lovely room to have your Tea as you relax! I adore the cutlery table! How wonderful it is! Love you recycled your lovely cup! I used to make candles with my daughter. She just loves making candles! She will be 29 this year, you brought back a lot of memories. Maybe even a Birthday Gift for her. She hasn't made any candles for a while, so buying all the things she need to would be a fun Birthday! So sorry I haven't been visiting. I long too, but I've taken another bad fall and limited. I will still have Tea Time Tuesday, and one day hope to catch up on all I have missed. I have so longed to visit! Have fun making candles! Can't wait to see what you do, Please share it here on Tea Time Tuesday! You are going to have so much fun making your candles! PS I do love your cutlery table!!!!
i am so thrilled to have you at my party. i love your table top. what a clever reuse, and i really like the latches. the teacup is super sweet,too. i hope you have time too look around at the other part posts, some great stuff
lezlee
Hi Natasha, I saw the teacup candles on Pinterest! I have an easy tutorial for making teacup candles out of old candles, HERE.
-caroline @ c.w.frosting
I absolutely loved your post on teacup candles and this is why I would like to introduce you to we make organic, soy, vintage inspired teacup candles. Check us out
<|endofexample|>
Journal
My new portfolio site is finally live!
A lot of my freelance work involves designing and developing portfolio sites for other people, however it’s been a struggle to find the time to do my own. However after slaving away for the last month I’ve finally been able to put my own folio site together and launched it earlier today!
Preparing my own folio was interesting, because other than a lacklustre presence on Behance, it’s been awhile since I’ve actually gone through this process. I’ve done a lot over the last three years and taking the time to review and reflect on it all has been great. I’ve enjoyed being able to see the progress I’ve made since I started designing and building websites.
I’ve tried to keep the design simple, making my work and ease of navigation my sole focus. I’ve utilised the same scrolling effect seen on this website too, because it looks great and it’s intuitive. There’s no need to clutter the site with buttons. No arrows and other gallery controls, just scrolling. Simple!
Minimising the amount of elements on the page also helps when considering how it will look on smaller screens, making the challenge of creating responsive websites less daunting. However the way that JavaScript scrolling events work on touch devices is still a bit of a problem. The scrolling effect simply doesn’t work! I’m not sure that there’s an easy and elegant solution though, so I’m happy to leave it for the time being.
Over the next week I’m inviting feedback on the site, both positive and negative. What works? What doesn’t? What improvements can I make? Do you know a solution to my scrolling problem? Is it even something I should be worried about?
Have a look and let me know what you think on Twitter, because I’d love to hear from you.
<|endofexample|>
How often should I be applying topical steroids?
Q: How often should I be applying topical steroids?
A: Topical corticosteroids are a mainstay of eczema therapy. Sadly, 3 days for face, eyelids, neck and folds 7 to 21 days for other areas
* Then taper frequency to every 2 to 3.
<|endofexample|>
Poosie Nancy's House, Mauchline
- `Holy Willie?s Prayer? and `The Holy Fair?. Temptation and drink awaited him at Poosie Nancy?s Inn in Mauchline?s London Street, which became the setting for his poem `The Jolly Beggars?. `Poosie Nancy? was Mrs Agnes Gibson, owner of the inn. Burns also met one of the `Mauchline Belles?, Jean Armour. Jean went on to become his wife and bore him eleven children. This drawing was engraved by J. Carter and included in 'The Complete Works of Robert Burns Illustrated' (1841).
<|endofexample|>
Street+Gallery is a long-term outreach project that aims to include homeless people in a creative relationship with the National Galleries of Scotland.
Developed in partnership with The Ark Trust, a support service for homeless people and those at risk of homelessness in Edinburgh and its surrounding area, Street+Gallery has grown out of a 2004 pilot project, The Street Looks at the Town, which also involved The Ark’s clients.
From 4th April to 4th May 2008 an exhibition of artwork produced on this two-year project was shown in the Scottish National Gallery. Work on display represented the three strands of the project including
- creative writing from the Over 50’s group in response to the history of Edinburgh’s ‘Old Town’
- paintings and works on paper produced by members of the women’s group, Space 44, produced with guidance from artists Juliana Capes and Ann McCluskey
- collaborative work by artists Gavin Lockhart and Mian Tze Kng, who have engaged service users of The Ark in video and wall-drawing projects
This exhibition demonstrated the commitment of the participants from Edinburgh’s homeless community to accessing the collections and facilities in NGS. The project has involved hundreds of workshops, gallery tours and several longer artists’ residencies, and has produced moving creative responses based on these opportunities to engage with our art.
We are proud to present the results of this project serving the homeless community, who are often excluded from their cultural heritage and denied the means to express their ideas and creativity.
<|endofexample|>
Learning
Changing States: Science of Glass School WorkshopsFind out how glass melts and cools – Glass Studio
History of Sunderland School WorkshopsTuesdays and Thursdays during term time – The Sunderland Room
Activity
Glass Lathe DemonstrationsTues, Thurs, Sat & Sun at 12.35 & 3.35pm - Free – Glass Studio
Flameworking DemonstrationsDaily at 11am & 2pm - Free – Glass Studio
Glass Blowing DemonstrationsDaily at 12 & 3pm - Free – Glass Studio
Exhibition
21 Sep - 31 Dec 12
Kith & Kin IINew Glass and Ceramics – Contemporary Gallery
Tiny TweetiesMusical sessions most Fridays, 10am and 11am
<|endofexample|>
DURANGO, Colo. – There was no shortage of love between the two most prominent members of the House of Representatives as they campaigned here Monday, trading compliments and memories of their mutual past.
House Speaker John.
Boehner, in Colorado to campaign for Rep. Scott Tipton, said he was proud of Ryan and proud that GOP nominee Mitt Romney plucked his running mate from the House.“You’re never going to find … anyone who’s smart—as smart as he is, who knows more about economic policy, knows more about the economy,” Boehner said. He said Ryan, author of several spending blueprints that have been flashpoints in political campaigns, including the current presidential race, “has done a marvelous job leading our budget committee.”
Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox. Sign up for National Journal's morning alert, Wake-Up Call, and afternoon newsletter, The Edge. Subscribe here.
<|endofexample|>
Top Terms
Ledger Pop Journal - Celebrity News, Photos & Sports
Randy Travis' Overturned Truck Found in Field - August Arrests Dog Country Singer
A smashed up pickup truck owned by Randy Travis was found overturned and abandoned in a field in Frisco, Texas, but it is unclear how it got there.
It has been a wild month for the country singer as arrests have placed him in the spotlight.
In early August, Travis was arrested in Texas on suspicion of DWI after crashing his car.
He was completely naked at the time of the bizarre crash and had just came from a convenience store where he tried to purchase cigarettes naked, but had no cash and was told to leave the store.
TMZ reported at that time that Travis was initially arrested for DWI -- but once he was inside the cop car, officials say the singer threatened to "shoot and kill the Troopers working the case."
He was later charged with retaliation.
That arrest was the singer's 2nd arrest this year -- back in February, Randy was busted for public intoxication for allegedly boozing in front of a Baptist church.
On Friday of this week (August 24), the singer was again involved with police, he was arrested after a fight in the church parking lot.
TMZ reveals on that arrest:.
The Plano Police Department told the website that Travis was cited for simple assault.
According to the report, Officials believe Randy was the primary aggressor.
So - what's with the truck?
It's a mystery.
A Travis lawyer told local TV station WFAA that Travis is not the one who left it there and that Travis had not been in that truck for the past few months.
<|endofexample|>
Wildfires raging across the western states of the United States have destroyed dozens of homes and scorched thousands of acres of land.
Firefighters in central Washington state fought a wildfire yesterday that has destroyed at least 60 homes and burned over 20 thousand acres between two national forests east of the capital, Olympia.
The wildfires forced hundreds of people to flee – one of several blazes scorching the Western US, threatening communities, sending up thick plumes of smoke and disrupting activity in national parks.
On Sunday, a 20-year-old firefighter was killed by a falling tree in Idaho. Another woman has died near Orofino while combating a blaze. It was her second season as a firefighter. A federal investigation was launched on Tuesday to establish what happened.
Wildfires blaze across West, burning homes / more than 400 residents evacuated in Washington
The wildfire near the town of Cle Elum, in central Washington state, has prompted the evacuation of more than 400 people, although no injuries have been reported. Fire officials said it came within 6 miles of the town of Ellenburg.
Crews barely managed to outrun the fast-moving fire in Washington, which began at a bridge construction site and has not been contained. Police say the current wind and heat are making it harder for firefighters to bring the blaze under control.
Some land at a nearby chimpanzee sanctuary has been damaged in the huge fire, and a spokeswoman said the chimps seemed disoriented by the smoke.
In Utah, a fire sparked by lightning covered around 21,800 acres, threatened a herd of wild horses and forced the closure of the historic Pony Express Road that runs through the state’s western desert.
Authorities suspect the Washington state fire began at a construction site east of Cle Elum, about 75 milessoutheast of Seattle.
Wildfires have consumed roughly 2,4 million hectares / Washington Wildfire News ten miles, and to the east, which is mostly farmland. South of the fire is the Snoqualmie National Forest.
In northern California, over 1,100 firefighters spent a 3rd day attacking a pair of wildfires that have destroyed 2 homes in Lake County’s Spring Valley area and charred some 7 thousand acres.
Firefighters had contained only 30 % of the 2 blazes burning dry brush in remote Lake and Colusa counties, said Daniel Berlant, a California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection spokesman. They did not expect full containment for a week.
But firefighters made enough progress attacking one of the wildfires that authorities lifted an evacuation order for 480 homes in the Spring Valley area on Monday night.
A handful of other fires in hot and dry Southern California were sparked by lightning. Four in northeastern San Diego County covered more than 2,300 acres, threatening to leave several communities without power.
<|endofexample|>
UPDATE AT 3:35 P.M. -- I've added some more names to the list after the Nats announced this afternoon the signings of J.D. Martin, Matt Chico, Carlos Maldonado and Kevin Barker to minor-league contracts and spring training invitations issued to Derek Norris, Jhonatan Solano and Josh Wilkie...
Since pitchers and catchers report in a mere 11 days, and since there have been some non-roster additions in the last week, this seems an appropriate time to run through the Nationals' depth chart at each position.
There will still be more names added to the list in the next 11 days, as more invitations are extended to big-league camp. But hopefully this helps give everyone a good sense of where the Nats stand at the moment...
CATCHER
Ivan Rodriguez
Wilson Ramos
Jesus Flores
Carlos Maldonado
Derek Norris
Jhonatan Solano
FIRST BASE
Adam LaRoche
Michael Morse
Matt Stairs
Chris Marrero
Michael Aubrey
Kevin Barker
SECOND BASE
Danny Espinosa
Jerry Hairston
Alberto Gonzalez
Alex Cora
Brian Bixler
SHORTSTOP
Ian Desmond
Alberto Gonzalez
Jerry Hairston
Alex Cora
Brian Bixler
THIRD BASE
Ryan Zimmerman
Alberto Gonzalez
Jerry Hairston
Alex Cora
Michael Morse
Brian Bixler
LEFT FIELD
Roger Bernadina
Michael Morse
Rick Ankiel
Jerry Hairston
Matt Stairs
Laynce Nix
Jeff Frazier
Jonathan Van Every
CENTER FIELD
Nyjer Morgan
Jerry Hairston
Jayson Werth
Roger Bernadina
Rick Ankiel
Laynce Nix
Corey Brown
Bryce Harper
Jonathan Van Every
RIGHT FIELD
Jayson Werth
Michael Morse
Roger Bernadina
Rick Ankiel
Matt Stairs
Laynce Nix
Bryce Harper
Corey Brown
Jeff Frazier
Jonathan Van Every
STARTING PITCHERS
Livan Hernandez
Jason Marquis
John Lannan
Jordan Zimmermann
Tom Gorzelanny
Yunesky Maya
Ross Detwiler
Chien-Ming Wang
Craig Stammen
Chad Gaudin
Luis Atilano
Garrett Mock
Brian Broderick
J.D. Martin
Matt Chico
Shairon Martis
Stephen Strasburg (injured)
RELIEF PITCHERS
Drew Storen
Sean Burnett
Tyler Clippard
Todd Coffey
Henry Rodriguez
Doug Slaten
Collin Balester
Craig Stammen
Chad Gaudin
Cla Meredith
Elvin Ramirez
Cole Kimball
Adam Carr
Atahualpa Severino
Josh Wilkie
Joe Bisenius
Ryan Mattheus
Tim Wood
103 comments:
Exactly how many players are being invited to Spring Training? In 2009, the Nats invited 89 players, and what a disasterous season ensued. In the old days, Spring Training was meant for members on the 40 man roaster, and not that much more. Maybe there should be a mini-camp between the World Series and Spring Training. I just don't see how these guys how Rizzo and Riggleman are going to get this team ready to play with so many guys vying for playing time. Where am I wrong?
I'm looking forward to seeing how the team shapes up this spring. What do you see as the major battles to make a spot, Mark?
Mark, looking at the depth chart, your thoughts on the rule 5 players? Any chance they make the team or do you think we try to work out trades for them or simply let them return?
DCJohn: I would guess there will end up being around 60-65 players in camp. That's about normal. Most are the guys who will end up at Syracuse and Harrisburg. Since full minor-league camp doesn't usually begin until early-to-mid-March, there's nowhere for those players to be for the first couple weeks of the spring. So a couple weeks in big-league camp is good for them, even if they have no shot of making the Opening Day roster.
Original Nats Fan: The biggest roster battles, to me, will be the No. 2 catcher (Ramos vs. Flores), the last spot or two in the bullpen (Balester, Rodriguez, Stammen, Gaudin, Ramirez and others) and the last spot on the bench (Gonzalez, Cora, Stairs, maybe Nix).
SCNatsFan: I think both Rule 5 guys (Elvin Ramirez and Brian Broderick) face very long odds to make the Opening Day roster. Just too much depth in front of them. If either has a great spring, I could see the Nats trying to work out a trade to keep one or both.
Mark:
In all seriousness and with sincerity, thanks for keeping early February interesting.
I'm hoping Harper gets 100% of the best rookie treatment our vets can throw at him, and that he handles it like a humble and respectful rookie.
I'm hoping Corey Brown blows peoples doors off and make Rizzo really re-think his commitment to Nyjer.
I'm hoping Coffey and HRod throw strikes and solidify their status as potential late innings guys.
I'm hoping Espinosa shows he's ready to face MLB pitching every day.
I'm hoping Pudge pulls a groin and misses a ton of time so Flores and Ramos can have a chance to show what they can do. (sorry Pudge)
I'm hoping CMW at least shows enough that we can be confident that he'll pitch some decent MLB ball in 2011.
And I'm hoping when the Nats play the Yankees in spring training that JMax plays 9, bangs out base hits, runs down balls has sleeps with a smile on his face all night long.
To be fair Sunderland, the stock pile of guys who can play center field in a pinch suggests that Rizzo doesn't have that much faith in Morgan at all. He is more or less untradable, and he has earned a spot in Spring Training but, there seems to be a lot of back-up plans and vague rumours of trades for a replacements.
Other than that I agree and will place Ramos, Espinosa and Brown atop my list of guys I am pulling for this spring.
About 15 of these guys are fringe major league players whose best chance of being on a big league roster is if MLB decides to add two teams in the American League before Opening Day and bench players are needed. A couple are worse than that. Two or three pitchers are OK (if healthy) but there is no room on the 25-man roster. Those we can keep. The rest, however, it would be nice if Rizzo could trade them all for five guys off Pittsburgh's Rookie League roster and a Perogie to challenge Teddy for last place.
And you say there are more names coming?
I'm in agreement w/ those who think all this rosterial sclerosis impairs efforts to teach the Nats young players and their knucklehead (singular) the fundamentals of baseball.
Send the rest to tour the Space Center until someone sprains a pinkie and a substitute is needed.
Interesting that the Nats MLB depth chart site still has Maxwell listed. Somebody needs to do a little maintenance.
The depth chart also shows Werth listed third in left field and not listed at all in center. Anyone know who is responsible for the on-line depth chart?
@kingfishfarms,
Ladson often makes up his own fantasy versions of the Nats roster. No one knows what he is thinking when he does that ... he mostly ends up wrong.
Thanks for the answer
I would X-out Stairs for any outfield position? Why would you trade Willingham then? The guy can't play the outfield period and if Riggleman puts him out there then shame on him. First base maybe ... he's just a "DH" bench pinch hitter that gets pulled for a guy who can field after he is done.
thanks, Mark Those are the guys I'll keep a close watch on.
There's at least some degree of real depth in every one of these lists -- with the exception of starting pitching. Not to imply that Rizzo didn't try there, but it is the 800 lb. gorilla in the room after all.
I notice you only went 3 deep on the C's -- would Norris have been #4? Also, no sign of A Olbrychewski or whatever his name is! I think we'd all agree that J Max simply wasn't able to take advantage of the big league opportunities he was given....but at least he would have made the depth chart! Losing Strasborg is certainly a huge blow for 2011 and question marks abound when it comes to the SP depth chart; very fragile aspect to this team. Again, where's Olbrychewski? Anyone know if he go by Ski or Chewie? Finally, I'm not sure if the analogy is relevant here or not, but in football the amount of players practicing is inversely proportional to the quality of reps for all. The more players, the less the quality.
md62red -
Olbrychowski is a relief pitcher who split last season between A and AA. This is a list of organizational depth, which includes every player in the organization.
Mark lists 17 players as relief pitchers, 7 or 8 of which will make the 25 man roster to start the season, another 7 that will go to AAA and the rest will likely be cut.
We traded Maxwell (a AAAA/ML backup tweener) for a prospect. It's not a big deal that he isn't at the top of the organizational depth chart.
DCJohn said...
...In 2009, the Nats invited 89 players, and what a disasterous season ensued.
r u seriously blaming the 2009 season on the # of ST invitees???!!!
SpashCity.....I know it's difficult to see via a blog, but my comments regarding Olbrychowski were purely tongue in cheek! But thanks for clarifying what an organizational depth chart is for me ;-)
If Stairs makes the team, I hope MASN has a special camera on Riggs as he tries to adjust his lineup card to insert a PH without a corresponding sub at another position. So hard! Must... double... switch!
Finally it would end on how all those injured arms come back. Guys like Detwiler(1-3) Marquis(2-9), Atilano(6-7), Stammen(4-4),Zimmermann(1-2), Mock(0-0) and Wang will really have to show something near 100% of rehab to start to talk about depth.
Ben - I too will be pulling for Ramos, Brown and Espi and hope JFlo shows he is back and hoping Desi shows he is the SS of the future.
I am hoping Maya and Detwiler have great Springs to give Rizzo & Riggs reason to ponder!
To Sunderland, Pudge will do fine to mid-May and then I expect fatigue to set in just like last year. I just hope Rizzo is smart enough to anticipate this.
Let's say you were a GM and had a player you weren't too happy with, but at the moment you had no better options, including trading him. Would you a) release him, b) let it be known publicly that you were looking for a replacement and keep playing him, c) publicly act like he's your starter, play him, and hope somebody will be impressed enough to take him off your hands. I think most would answer c).
I question people who make the assertion that Mike Rizzo has a "commitment" or an "attachment" to Nyger Morgan. He's simply pursuing strategy c) right now. If anyone he's brought in (Brown perhaps) shows enough for him to believe that he's got someone to replace Morgan, he'll make a move. That's what smart GMs do.
MZ said "...pitchers and catchers report in 11 days ...". Gotta be the best job in the world. The second best is watching big leaguers. I'm ready. Enough snow.
I'm pleased to see Solano, Norris & Wilkie get NRI status for this year; A couple of weeks' work with the the big-league staff can't hurt their chances for the future (Solano & Wilkie in particular). Sorry to see that Mandel & Milone weren't included.
11 days.
Ny effing J er
J
Jay
Juliet
N-Y-J-E-R
Nyjer
Yay. JD Martin is back.
And, yes, I'm serious.
That said, the point is a good, if a you-would-like
-to-think-was-obvious-but-you-know-better, one.
Regarding committment to Nyjer, recall that last year Nyjer never came out as a result of a double switch, the one thing he and Zimmerman had in common last year. People think the Nats might plays Bernadina in CF, but they had Bernie last year and he got time in CF only when Nyjer was hurt in August and suspended in September but Nyjer never got pulled on a double switch. If you think that was 100% Riggleman, perhaps. I think Rizzo had influence there.
Maybe this year will be different. Obviously db423 you try and make the player seem as valuable as possible. But the Nats showed committment to Nyjer last year above and beyond what he deserved. That might end in a couple weeks. It might not.
Sunderland -- It's late in the day but: the principal objective of the double switch is to avoid the situation where the pitcher leads off or bats early in the upcoming ABs. That way there is no reason to pinch hit and burn a reliever after a third (or two-thirds) of an inning. Morgan as the (nominal) lead-off man, bats immediately behind the pitcher's spot. So, you don't double switch and put New Hurler in the lineup immediately behind where Old Hurler would have been -- but for the switch -- leading off. Accordingly, the lead off man, i.e., Morgan, is the last guy for whom the manager would be inclined to make a switch. If Morgan was never double-switched, that's hardly surprising and means nothing about "commitment."
@Theophilus: A good point, that Sunderland may have overlooked. The leadoff hitter in a starting lineup is the most immune to a double-switch, as he follows the #9 slot (usually the pitcher) in a given lineup.
With the defensive improvements the Nationals could field this year, maybe Riggleman will become less likely to empty the bench with double-switch moves this season. Last year, he seemed to be constantly thinking on the defensive side of things; In 2011, the defense looks a lot less shaky in late-inning situations (RZim-Werth-LaRoche-Espinosa) than last year (RZim-Morse-Dunn-Guzman).
Mark, do scouts believe Bryce Harper has the athleticism to play center field?
If he could that would be pretty amazing to have the best power hitter in the game in center.
Mark, do scouts believe Bryce Harper has the athleticism to play center field?
I understand Rizzo, Clark, and Kline plan to try him there in Hagerstown and Potomac.
The Nats do plan to have Harper working out in center field some this spring. They don't know if long-term he'll be able to play the position, but they certainly want to see how he handles it at this point.
Harper in CF. Visions of ca. 1955-56, Mays, Mantle and Snider playing CF in NY.
Agree with Theo!! Mantle came up as a 19 year old in 51. I am reading "The Last Boy" about Mickey. Did you guys know he made 55 errors at shortstop in C ball the year before they brought him up. Moved him to CF that spring and he wore #6 in his first few months before being sent down to Kansas City. When he came back up in August 6 had been given away and he had #7 from then on.
Theophilus / BinM: Of course that makes sense the first time Riggleman double switches. It does not come into play on subsequent double switches.
Regardless, IMO, Nyjer was shown well more respect and commitment from the Nats in 2010 than he earned.
(That I may have overlooked! Puhlease)
Ok so I am trying to be positive here....Lots of improvement in defense and athleticism. Lots of improvement by subtraction from the days of Kennedy and Guzman and Lopez and Billiard before them.....Gone are the days of Williams and Reeding and Mike B (bonds home run guy)......BUT.....Livo, Jason M. and Lannan......that is just inexcusable to go into the season with those 3 as your 1, 2, and 3 Starters.....NOBODY has a worse pitching staff than that....NOBODY!
And yes those three are an improvement over 207/2008 cattle calls but this is 2011 and fans have a right to expect more than those days....a lot more and that starting pitching is just asking to be clobbered.
Nyjer came in and lit this place up in '08. So maybe he had a bad year. I had a bad year once. Let's see how he does, because he is a real plus when he's on.
2009........for 5 weeks.....this is just like the people who are going to say Lannan and Jason M.....both looked OK in Sept of last year.....Morgan's body of work is consistently bad.....especially against LH pitching....Jason M is done and Lannan is OK as a # 5 not an opening day pitcher....Livo is who he is.....a long reliever who you can plug in anywhere as a rubber arm....Opening day starter...top of the rotation guy.....joke.
JayB, of course as we all know it's about performance, not predictions. It's also about pitching, not solely about starters. In 2010, our team ERA of 4.13 was better than 11 other MLB clubs. Even our lousy rotation posted an ERA better than 4 other MLB clubs.
So we walk into 2011 with what we have, which looks and feels more promising than 2010. Even you seem to think so. And while we may go through 2011 without a shut down ace, there does seem to be a chance that the guys in the #4 and #5 slots will be better than we had in previous years, right?
So is it out of the question that we improve our team ERA in 2011?
As crazy as it sounds, if our staff can give up 1 fewer earned run per week, our team ERA would improve enough that we would have placed 12th out of 30 in 2010.
Now it's possible our bellpen regresses and does not pitch as well as they did in 2010.
But I look up, and I do not see the sky falling.
"Regarding committment to Nyjer, recall that last year Nyjer never came out as a result of a double switch"
Well, since one of the points of a double switch is to push the pitcher's spot in the batting order as far away as possible, this stands to reason. Nyjer almost always was batting leadoff, so to double switch for him would have moved the pitcher's spot only one spot down. I bet if you checked every game in the whole NL for the last 10 years you probably wouldn't find a case where the player right behind the pitcher in the batting order got double-switched out of a game. Makes no sense.
Sunderland, I think maye you and Jayb are looking at different skies, with different pies in them.
You seem to be saying they'll be better than we've seen lately, and maybe approach .500, which is a far more likely outcome--apple pie.
Jayb seems to be saying that rotation will never contend for the division, and that is his standard. Orange pie. Which you don't often see, but is actually pretty good.
I know you'll both excuse me if I've inadvertently misstated either of your relative positions.
When it's about pie, there are no wrong answers.
Feelwood, how many games did Riggleman do only 1 double switch?
The first double switch the leadoff guy pretty much never come out, sure. But after that? I'd guess we had 120 games with more than one double switch (is that a goofy estimate?). And Nyjer never got pulled.
Riggleman never double switches for defensive purposes. It's always about getting the pitcher out of the game - usually because he doesn't trust the pitcher to get out of a jam, or occasionally to bring in a matchup reliever, or sometimes to pinch hit for the pitcher when a hit is needed to get a rally going. As has been mentioned before, Riggleman needs to start having more trust in his starters to work their way out of jams they have created. That might backfire on him, but really there's no other way to develop the needed toughness in the starting staff. Sink or swim. Separate the wheat from the chaff. Doing that would eliminate many double switches.
And no, your estimate of 120 games with multiple double switches is way off the mark. I doubt there were 120 games with even one double switch. Second double switches are so relatively rare that it's not surprising that the the luck of the draw never resulted in Nyjer getting pulled.
Oh I think well over 100 games had double switches is them....easy....and yes no bad pie in my view.....Bad Starting pitching but pie no....My point was that it is way past time to be happy with a 5-10 game improvement for Nats team that lost over 300 games in 3 years.....That starting staff clearly will not compete for a division....but it also will not provide enough improvement in record to be respectable to the rest of MLB players next winter.
2006 and 2007 we were told that they were working and spending on the farm to be ready by 2009/10 to compete and win a division in 2011....they are at least 3 years behind with that starting staff. Just holding Lerners accountable here for a bunch of bad decisions they have made and continue to make even today. They must spend on top player development, International FA, MLB FA and Draft......all at the same time....not one and then maybe the other next year.....ALL AT THE SAME TIME!
Bad Starting pitching but pie no....My point was that it is way past time to be happy with a 5-10 game improvement for Nats team that lost over 300 games in 3 years.....That starting staff clearly will not compete for a division ...
No, we don't know that. Last year, with soft-tossers and control artists at the top of the rotation you knew ... the continuing failures of Mock and Detwiler along with their injuries, Zimmermann recovering from TJ, Stras working his way through the minors. The complete break down of Marquis and Lannan led directly to Livo.
This year? Gorzelanny is no slouch and he isn't a soft tosser. Neither is Maya. And Zimmermann is back ... are they all three questions? Sure, but far less questionable than last year's motley group.
What you are missing is a bonafide ace to stabilize the rotation. That may still be acquired ... at the very least there still is Strasburg.
Given both Mock and Detwiler's loss of velocity last year the injuries clearly affected them. As for Maya the rust showed. Gorzelanny is also an injury (sore arm) risk. Maybe things will be different this year. Maybe ...
Maybe....that is no way to build a winning tradition.....And Maya tops out at 90 MPH...he is a bust. Rizzo misjudged the market and then cheaped out after losing out on a true hard throwing Cuban....It amazes me how some people just refuse to see facts. Do I want a better team....you bet....but I am not willing to close my eyes and live a lie.
Some time ago I posted a comment concerning the 1989 Orioles, who came into the final Saturday of the season one game out of first in the AL East and finished 87-75. I said something to the effect that, "That staff had a lot of bums." I'm pretty sure no one in the rotation (Milacki, Ballard, Schmidt, D. Johnson, Harnisch) had more than 60 career wins. Actually, upon further research, they had the sixth worst ERA in the AL that year (4.00).
The point being, Teddy may never win a race but it is possible to contend with very mediocre pitching.
A concession: those Orioles -- back in a day when "The Oriole Way" meant something different than it does now -- had nine fewer errors than any other team in the AL. One way of looking at that: the pitchers were probably worse than their numbers indicated.
Maya tops out at 93-94. But he prefers to use the Livo guile ... that's his bread and butter. He is still shaking off the rust ... let's see what he has this spring velocity wise.
Its better than hoping that Wang will again average 93.7. It isn't going to happen. I suspect Maya could do that ... but he is a pitcher not a thrower. And its better to be a pitcher not a thrower. The Nats have had more than their share of just "throwers".
Zimmermann missed a year w/ arm surgery; Maya missed nearly as much time as a refugee. Zimmermann had previously spent three months in a ML rotation; Maya had zero ML experience. Neither should be judged on their 2010 performance.
Experience means things like noticing how the batter has changed his stance -- by a couple of inches -- from the last time you saw him. There were a couple of innings where Maya's curve ball nearly caused a batter's box spinal injury. It's really worth seeing what he can do with a Spring Training and some stability under his belt.
Hope you are correct about Maya...He was supposed to hit 94-95 per what he was sold to fans as a :Major International Signing".....After close to 3 months as a professional he looked like a dud to me. We have seen so many false hopes from Nats Pitchers....Ross D is now a soft tossing Chico type....amazing what our player development program does to pitching talent.
"We have seen so many false hopes from Nats Pitchers....Ross D is now a soft tossing Chico type....amazing what our player development program does to pitching talent."
Someone needs to hold JayB accountable for being an idiot. If Detwiler is tossing soft, it's only when he's been hurt. Nothing to do with the player development program.
Just for grins, I took a look at my scorecards for the 20 games where I kept score last season - a fairly representative random sampling of the 81 home games. Of those 20 games, 13 had no double switches by Riggleman (65%), six games had one double switch (30%), and only one game had two double switches (5%). Projected out over a 162 game season, that's 49 games with one double switch and 8 games with two.
"I'd guess we had 120 games with more than one double switch" (Sunderland) "Oh I think well over 100 games had double switches is them....easy" (JayB) Dumb and Dumber!
sample size error....FW...is that you ABM....as if I don't know....
Ross D whole motion was F'ed with by our PD Staff in 2008....that is when he started losing MPH and then got hurt....look it up it was widely reported.....oh and get a sign on if you are going to be so pompous...and
Feel Wood, thanks for taking the time to check that. I knew I was swagging the the amount of double switches (and sort intimated that when I lobbed the 120 number out there). Hard to believe that we double switched only game out of three, but I sure ain't arguing it. If I was that far off, I'll take the Dumb and call it a day.
"If I was that far off, I'll take the Dumb and call it a day."
Now, *that's* accountability. Good for you, sir.
Although I'm not sure that estimate isn't low. I would have guessed over half the games. I'm pretty sure there were more Curly (lineup) Shuffles than Curly W's.
OTOH, blowouts generally don't encourage double-switching, so there's a big chunk out of the pool right there.
Of course, my opinion plus $5 will get you a venti latte.
"sample size error....FW"
There are no sample size errors when the entire universe is 162.
As they say in the market research biz: "You don't have to eat the whole pot of stew to know what it tastes like."
All the double switches stand out because the batters brought in to pinch hit, SUCKED, and their replacements also SUCKED.
I'm not as down on Riggleman on his double switches as some (most?) here. Most of the time he was trying to make something out of nothing.
JayB needs to start buying his cigarettes at the supermarket. Maya was never sold as "94-95" FB. Cut-and-paste the link below:
That clearly states "89-92" and, in his better moments last year, that's what he did.
Here's an easier way to count it: how many games did Morse start? That will be approximately how many had the Curly Shuffle.
Looking at games in August....Double Switches are running at over 50% so that would sample out to 80 games not 100.....none of us want to spend time on this to prove who is right but it is very likely more double switches than wins....
Rizzo from your link TH...."He's a terrific, poised, capable, major league-caliber pitcher," Rizzo said. "Some of the most successful organizations would like to sign him and put him directly into their rotation. We're one of them.".....I will find the 94-95 quote when I am at Jury Duty next week.....He was very rarely above 90 and sat a 88 most fastballs last year
NCog -- Thanks for giving Riggleman credit for trying to make chicken salad out of . . .. The managers with the best records are the ones who did things according to conventional baseball wisdom and didn't screw up the talent they were given to work with. Scoscia's supposed to be a good manager, has had great talent for years, and last year they finished below .500. Did he turn dumb? The kid who's auditioning for the job of son-in-law said about Riggelman, "For the first time, I feel like there's an adult in charge."
The idea of JayB on jury duty should encourage capital punishment advocates everywhere.
Small sample size...heh...the perfect description of JayB's brain.
Maya has been know to throw inside heat (direct translation from Spanish) when he needed to. That would be in the 93-94 range. Last year he averaged 89 shaking off the rust. Still better than Mock and Detwiler. In the majors and advanced leagues the ball has to have both sink and movement to be an effective fastball else its a home run. Clearly Maya trusts his breaking stuff more and so works backwards leading with that stuff and coming in later with the hard stuff.
McCatty et al have to spend some time with him and get to know what he can do. He needs to learn about major league hitters, etc.
I'm not saying sofa-dude is getting inside my head, but I did go to a coffee shop this afternoon and order a venti latte and some apple pie.
Dang it, Sunderland! I managed to deny the pie impulse all day yesterday and now here it is in my face again this morning (as it were). mmmm....pie...
Ok, so now that the big game is today, who ya got?
I will be rooting for GB, but I think the Steelers win 27-13.
ABM...do you ever get tired of attacking people rather than topics?
Oh well on Baseball....Mark it would be very interesting to get perspective from those who have been around Nats Spring Trainings for years (like you, fans and.......well Zim I guess.
What specific the changes have been accomplished since 2007 to crate a winning expectation? Baseball stuff like routines, Drills, Instruction, Fundamentals, Talent, Accountability, Peer pressures to work hard, leadership from within the clubhouse...that kind of stuff).
What do you see this year that indicates winning is the focus. What does Zimm see this year and what does the team still lack as far as a winning attitude from his viewpoint...Zim is much more honest and not a tad bit pissed that Dunn and Hammer is two bromances are gone....I think he will be very willing to tell it like he sees it this spring
On Football......having the whole cul de sac over.......local Giant is booming the past 48 hours, hope this helps the economy get going faster.....Steelers win....don't really care much who wins these things until Redskins get back there (never played football so I am just a fan of the game, never offer view on what is wrong with teams, do not have that perspective....baseball I have played through major college program, coached and participated my whole life..that game I know.)
A couple of days late, but an interesting article in SI about best and worst team medical results. Best, White Sox and Brewers. Worst, you guessed it, but Carroll gives the Nats a mulligan due to the Expos data. Assume because the budget was absurdly low due to contraction expectation.
Well, I'm liking Mexico, as they're leading the series 3-1, and Vinny Castilla was their skipper back in the day. Although, the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico are historically strong in the series.
Ohhhh...maybe he meant that pointy-ball game? hmmm...Doritos usually has a strong showing, and there those who favor the, um, raw appeal of the Go-Daddy entries. I don't know. I guess we'll just have to wait and see. That's why they play the commercials and all that. :-)
---
Les in NC said...
Ok, so now that the big game is today, who ya got?
Interesting to read in the SI work about what we all knew but had no data on....that is Nats could have done much better with injuries.......Nats medical spending was most likely a big part of the problem back when we all were pointing it out in 2006-9...So was Jimbo's low spending on cheap risky players with a history of injury.....I think much has changed....I hope....still just another data point in the Lerner file on how much of this institutionalized losing approach could have been avoided or at least minimized.
Just wondering how many of the NRI players have "opt-out" clauses in their contract? The clause is usually applied to a 'split-value' contract, and allows a player to become a free-agent if not added to the 40- (or 25-man) roster by a certain date.
I could see Cora, Gaudin, Nix & Stairs holding that option, but wonder if there are others.
BinM -- I would expect most of the NRIs are realistic about their chances of making any big league roster and are really hoping for assignment to the Dominican Summer League, including a bunk and three squares a day.
Only Cora and Stairs have a chance of opening this season in Washington.
Fangraphs shows that last year, the Nats pitchers spent more time on the average on the DL/games lost than any other team. Last year the Nats were second in games lost due to injury ...
Cora and Stairs? Stairs can't field and Cora can't hit. I hope they have improved to the point where they won't need these guys. Still, Cora makes a good infield coach ... something Hairston doesn't have a rep for ... but Hairston is the better player.
Dagnabit JayB!!!! Do learning curves not exist in your world????
Any new business starts out with a business plan and while most new businesses fail in their first three years, the ones that survive are the ones that are able to adjust their plan to the things learned in executing that plan.
Understanding that one simple premise would make your additions to this blog less inane.
Baseball is not a new business Njack....Learning curve is not that step for a new ownership group...that was the point of Stan K.....Lerner's are accountable for their decisions to keep Jimbo and ignore Stan's well documented advice to do things differently.
Yep....So they learned. Move on.
Well that was the point of the Question to Mark earlier in this post.....What signs will we see in Spring Training that the team has learned. That the focus is on sound baseball and fundementals. I know you spend time their....much more than I do so I would be interested in your view...... and I have seen some signs from last Spring that the days of Lastings and Dukes goofing off during drills with their hats on backwards are gone.....but then you watch them make well over 120 errors again last year and watch pitches look clueless bunting and Morgan being an ass.....and you have still ask yourself....what have the learned and where can you see it in the product.
JayB -- To see how much the Nationals (cumulatively, including the Bowden era) have learned, compare the 2005 roster (two pitchers still in the majors, three position players -- including luminaries Nick Johnson and Jose Guillen -- who have started since leaving the team) with this year's. The only way that team won 81 games has already been explored in "Angels in the Outfield."
If you had grown up as a Senators fan, you'd understand the true meaning of patience. Or have you noted how much progress Peter Angelos has made on the learning curve?
(Theo suspects the baseball experience claimed on JayB's curriculum vitae was of the Negamco or Strat-o-Matic variety. Spin away, meister.)
@Theophilus: I was more concerned with the possible lineup for SYR when I posed the question - If either Cora or Stairs finish Spring Training with the Nationals, I'd be very worried. Cora's not in camp just to become a future coach, he's a possible player; Meanwhile Stairs is purely a bat off the bench, offering nothing else at this point, imo. Cora would still a nice 'insurance policy' in SYR, should either Espinosa or Desmond falter or get injured, as long as he can't 'opt-out'.
Riggleman & Rizzo would be short-changeing the team with either of these players moving to the 25-man roster; The Nationals don't have the kind of overall talent / depth to carry a pure PH at this point, let alone two.
Not true Theo..but you are a funny guy it seems......I have struck out against Roger Clemens...twice in one game in college and played with more than a few players who had long major league careers. That is why I know this team has underperformed year after year and until very recently I hope, allowed players to expect to lose and feel good about it.
No I was not a Senators fan....and proud to say so....those of you who think that is some kind of rational to enjoy bad baseball and poorly run franchises.....you sirs are a big part of the problem here in current DC baseball.
JayB's learning curve is negative. He gets dumber as time goes by.
I wonder if JayB saw this old video clip of Ken Griffey Jr. on MLB Network the other day. Kid was wearing his cap backwards and had a sh*t-eating grin all over his face. The Mariners should have cut him, right JayB? He was never going to make anything of himself in the game.
BinM --
With all respect, I think any good team needs a LH pinch-hitter (for historical reference, see Gates Brown or Terry Crowley), to keep the other mgr from IBB-ing your No. 8 hitter (who might be Espinosa or Bernandina, guys w/ extra-base power, and both of whom would be batting LH against a RH pitcher). Last year's LH PH was Harris, who was, as I remember, 0-16 or 0-22 or something similar at one point. I think Stairs is better for the job than Ankiel. I know he didn't do much last year but am hoping he's still got some hits in his bat, and by reputation alone he would make some managers think carefully about their options.
I don't think they signed Cora to send him to Syracuse -- the guy is 35 -- although I could be wrong. I don't see both Stairs and Cora making the Opening Day roster -- in both cases I would see Ankiel as the loser. Although for the first few weeks they could get by w/ 11 pitchers, not 12. (Twelve pitchers seems like such a waste of a good roster spot. You seem to end up w/ guy like Bautista who may be useful every now and then but has to be brought in, or warmed up, every day to keep osteoporosis from setting in.)
We shall see. Enjoy the SB.
BinM makes an interesting point....it goes to the focus of the season and cost of past failures. What is the purpose of this year. Win as much as they can and gain some respect...if so they should carry Stairs to PH. This approach hopefully will lead to a 82 win season and a great winter FA signing season going into 2012.
OR is the purpose of this season to continue to try to find some young cheap controlled players that could someday be MLB contributors on a winning team...in that case they would need those spots for Rule 5 types and Maxwell types.....My question to BinM is who the 40 man roster is worth taking that risk with....Brown?
I think Rizzo has been clear that he hates watching players learn at the MLB level....Rizzo hates the word Prospect....It is clear to me he is going to try to win now....get respect...he hates what happened to him this winter...everyone disrespected him......I hope they get lucky and win enough because I do not see enough young talent to make a difference...they are going to have to fix this with money, trades and FA signings.
ABM are you really comparing Griffy to Milledge....I remember seeing Jr with as a 8 year old....that kid loved baseball....he had fun and played the game the right way.....you may hate me but don't say stupid stuff just to try to show me up.....Griffy vs. Milledge.....you are a dope.
Theo @2:53 - You're out of bounds with that post. Counting the players from the '05 Nats remaining in MLB vs. the current roster is an inequitable comparison - not just apples to oranges, but more like apples to beef jerky.
The 2005 Nationals was an aging roster, with few 'stars'; The fact that players like Schneider, Guillen, NJohnson, and a few others have survived may speak more to their actual ages in 2005, than it does to their relative skills.
BinM -- I'm hoping you misunderstand me. (In addition to which, I'm not certain which is the apples and which is the jerky.) I'm saying the current roster has (A) vastly more talent and (B) vastly more potential, and the way they got there was to sacrifice immediate gratification to a long-term vision.
And the current roster may well win 81 games (or not) and that part of it that moves on to 2012 and 2013 will win quite a few more than 81 games in a season.
I see signs -- it's like tracking bread crumbs -- of JayB coming around.
Theo....are you saying that this 40 man roster has enough talent to win more than 81 games next year? 2013? Time will tell but I do not think so. They have a lot of holes to fill......CF, LF, SS and 1B, SP and Closer all need to be addressed...where do you see the talent already with the team needed win 90 games in 2012/2013?
JayB @3:48 - Who's worth either 'calling up' or keeping? - Brown is a low-level possible, as is Nix, particularly if a trade is made involving a LF or CF from the 40-man (Bernadina, Morgan, or Morse). Ankiel is a 'bubble' player in the OF mix, imo; Cora looks to be SYR-bound, unless Espinosa utterly collapses at the plate in Viera. Stairs should start the 2011 season in SYR as well (or be released), unless Riggleman demands a 2nd/3rd LH bat off the bench.
I don't see any of that helping the long term development of anyone likely to help this team past this year, BinM.....I think you are going to see Cora and Stairs on the opening day roster. I think Rizzo is so mad and hurt by the likes of Lee, Zack G. and about 10 others who he had to hear them say...."Mike, I do not believe you are going to be any good any time soon...sorry I am signing with the Cubs or the O's, for less money.....that has to hurt....Rizzo will do what he can to win now with his plan R.....which I think is all he can do...but it is too late now in my view.
In honor of the last week of the hot stove (hallelujah), here is a question: what are good bullpen guys worth? Seems like they are a highly valued part of the market right now - contracts to FA much higher than I would have thought in october, and some of the trades seem like they brought back some pretty good pieces. We gave up Hammer for Rodriguez (who I hadn't even heard of); Tampa gave up Bartlett for two more guys that I hadn't heard of; Balt got Reynolds for essentially David Hernandez and a lesser bullpen guy. So it seems like they have value.
Do Burnett and Clippard reach that reputational level? If we packaged them together, could we get 1 good piece, like a Jake McGee, Anibal Sanchez, Gavin Floyd or Travis Wood, somebody like that? Should we, if we could (weaken a strength for a young guy with upside?) I think that I would, since we have some (unproven) but promising candidates behind them, if we could get a good young SP prospect or position player at need. If this works, it probably only works to a team really on the cusp of competing for a playoff spot.
I am curious what others think.
Wally -- Trading for relievers (or signing as free agents) is a crap shoot. Often they are whack jobs (F. Rodriguez)(or as difficult to maintain as tropical fish), get hurt (Cordero, Wagner), lose their confidence (Lidge as an Astro), forget where the strike zone is (Lidge as a Philly), etc. The number that are consistently good (the Riveras, Hoffmans) are few and far between. Papelbon had a 3-4 year run and now the Red Sox are itching to be rid of him. The best approach is to develop your own (Storen) or get one off the scrap heap (Capps) and try to have someone standing in line when the inevitable happens.
Theo - I agree, I was just noting that other teams seem to be paying a lot for them, so should we try take advantage of the current market by trading some of ours? It is the one area that our stats from last year are impressive. Sounds like you think the market is overvaluing that segment too, so if they could get value at another position, go for it. Do I read your reply right?
God I wish the stupid Super Bowl would get over so we can focus completely on baseball.
Off topic - GREAT DAY IN SPORTS!!
Pittsburgh 0-2
<|endofexample|>
Jayson Werth returns to the lineup after sitting out last night's game with tired legs. He'll be in right field, which should provide a little less wear and tear. Bryce Harper will be responsible for covering the spacious, treacherous and hilly center field at Minute Maid Park.
Gio Gonzalez gets the start, looking to duplicate Ross Detwiler's seven-inning outing from last night and take some pressure off a Nationals bullpen that has been extended nearly to the limit in recent days.
As you know by now, I'm not in Houston for this series. Enjoy the game and the conversation. And like me, pray the final out is recorded before the stroke of midnight for a change...
WASHINGTON NATIONALS at HOUSTON ASTROS
Where: Minute Maid Park
Gametime: 8:05 p.m. EDT
TV: MASN2, MLB.tv
Radio: WJFK (106.7 FM), WFED (1500 AM), XM 187
Weather: Indoors
NATIONALS (67
LHP Gio Gonzalez
ASTROS (36-75)
2B Jose Altuve
3B Matt Downs
1B Steve Pearce
RF Justin Maxwell
LF J.D. Martinez
C Carlos Corporan
CF Brandon Barnes
SS Marwin Gonzalez
RHP Armando Galarraga
UMPIRES
HP Angel Hernandez
1B Ed Hickox
2B Chris Conroy
3B Mark Carlson
337 comments:«Oldest ‹Older 1 – 200 of 337 Newer› Newest»
Oy, Hernandez is behind the dish tonight.
Go, GIO! Go, NATS!! It's a beautiful day for a regulation ballgame. Let's play nine (innings, that is), and may the visitors win. :-)
I wonder how the umpire rotation goes. I guess home plate moves to 3rd where there is probably less work after being behind the plate, and everyone just slides over one. Angel was at 1st last night so that makes sense.
I have never watched so many scoreboards before. Brewers just went ahead of the Reds in the top of the 9th. I really want the Pirates to have a winning season but I also want every team but ours to lose more then they win for the next month or so. I am not looking for that one game playoff, I want them to start with an away games vs. the wildcard which would mean we have finished with the best record in the NL.
Go Nats!!
With Angel Hernandez behind the plate, memo to Gio: Be on your best behavior, come to a complete stop in a stretch, have your shoes shined to a nice buff, wear your cap straight, please tie all those loose hands on your glove, make sure you have shaved within a half-hour of first pitch, stand at full attention for the national anthem, do not step on the chalk lines, brush your teeth vertically in front, horizontally in the rear, floss carefully, make sure you have enough quarters for the parking meters and, most important of all, treat the home plate umpire with the utmost of respect.
You have to. It's just a courtesy for blind people.
After Mark Carlson's performance behind the plate last night, Angel Hernandez might look like the model of consistency. I'm a union guy through and through, but even I have a hard time justifying what is essentially life tenure for umpires irrespective of talent or temperment.
So the same team some posters were so concerned that the Nats struggled to take 3 of 4, the Brewers, just swept the Reds.
It's not WHO you're playing, it's HOW you're playing.
Honestly, I think Angel has been somewhat better since MLB broke up him and Joe West. Probably not the most popular of opinions, but there are way worse when it comes to calling balls and strikes and especially ejections. He hasn't ejected a single person yet this season.
That being said, if Gio so much as gives him a cockeyed glance after a bad call, he will probably get squeezed harder than a lime at a tiki bar.
Remember to vote for ESPN's web gem between Trout and Roger. with 2699 votes in now Roger is leading 53% to47% or 162 votes.
Here is the link
Gio and Kurt: Reunited and it feels so good! (Yup, had to break out the cheezy Peaches and Herb Reference)
GO GIO! GO 9 INNINGS! GO BATS!! I think Werth will be the one tonight to do the damage.
Please, let's get the Offense rolling Nats!
Gonat......man am I with you. Please, how about a laugher for a change?
OK, I just pounded the strike zone for a while on ESPN for the Shark. All those people in LA are going to be getting home from work, or the beach, or wherever, later on, so we probably need to build a cushion. Keep at it, Insiders.
check Coco's response to Trout's catch.
Trout's catch was amazing, no doubt but catches like that are made more often than people realize. To be honest, I still think Bernie's catch from a year or two ago is better than any I have seen, except maybe Ichiro's wall climbing one.
Carlson was awful last nigh, no pitcher on either side and most batters had a clue what was going to be called.
Angel Hernandez can be no worse (though he has bee bad in the past).
Shark now up 8% after 2857 votes. If you haven't vote yet do so.
Gio going seven won't be much help if they have to play fourteen.
Oh, and no mention yet of the fact that Gallaraga was a throw-in piece, with Wilkerson and Termell Sledge, from the Nats on the Soriano trade?
NatsJack,
'It's not WHO you're playing, it's HOW you're playing.'
That's what I'm worried about.
I wasn't that impressed with Trout's catch at the time, and I was the first to say so. Desmond had a better play that same day.
We have to score some runs. Would have loved to see Werth at the top of the lineup.
As the poet Roger Miller once sang,
"it’s the code of the west:
heed the word of your sisters--
the code of the west,
make a left turn from sin.
the code of the west,
keep an eye on temptation, recite the quotation
that says when Satan calls your name
it doesn’t matter how you played the game ‘cause all he cares about is
'did you win?'"
after 2885 votes Shark up 10% About 288 botes Keep it going
Great to see the Shark pulling away in the vote. Go Insiders!
Grandstander -- good point about Angel and Joe. That combination was nothing but trouble. Two guys trying to impress each other with how macho they are. How were you able to find out that Angel hasn't tossed anyone this year? Is there a website that keeps track of that?
Speaking of useless but fun baseball trivia, Harper's homerun trot on Saturday was the second fastest in MLB that day at 19.25 seconds. (Espi's fifth slowest at 23.54.) I just love that. Harper still has the fastest trot of the year in MLB (16.35 seconds on May 26). The kid sets records everywhere he goes.
sorry voyrd hit the wrong key
This was a great catch *this year* but Bernadina's catch last year was by far my favorite all-out catch of all time, even after that crazy, superman year Willie Harris had in 08. I still marvel at it when I see it in the highlights.
I believe that Baseball Tonight airs at 7 PM ET. Does the poll close then or continue during the broadcast?
2959 votes still up 10%, Keep the cushion
Were there also plenty of naysayers at the time who did not properly appreciate Bernie's catch? Like, were you the only one saying it at the time? :-)
Zection 3, My Zofa said...
I wasn't that impressed with Trout's catch at the time, and I was the first to say so. Desmond had a better play that same day.
August 08, 2012 5:46 PM
Dang, Trout gained a point. Back to voting.
in case people forgot,
still love it.
didn't know armando was expos's trade bit for soriano. I think we made good use of him then. thanks for that, sofa.
Okay, back to up by 10. Gotta go ice my hand and make dinner.
I thought Bernie's catch last night was better than the one last year. He took a bad route to that one. Plus, the game saving situation just can't be beat - -except maybe by that perfect game saving catch by the White Sox centerfielder a few years back.
And let's get serious, Trout's catch was a great catch. Just not as good as the Shark's.
The Wise catch was very cool.
The comments on the ESPN voting page are hilarious. CA is waking up folks, but there are now more votes from DC than from AZ. Well done!
I hope in future, fans will appreciate these catches as much as we appreciate these now and the catches of previous generations.
3075 votes still 10% lead
Interesting info from Amanda:
Amanda Comak@acomak
Chien-Ming Wang's rehab assignment has been effectively ended as he's still complaining of hip soreness. He's still on the DL.
Amanda Comak@acomak
Davey said he has to stay off of Drew Storen and Tyler Clippard tonight so Edwin Jackson is in the bullpen. It's his throw day.
The sharks catch got a brief shout out on PTI ...
GYFNG! May Gio have a happy reunion, and be lights out, with Kurt. May the game be a laugher on OUR side, and another defeat for the Astro's (they can win FRIDAY!). And may Jayson's legs hold up under him, brilliantly.
GYFNG!
Wow! Ejax in the bullpen!
Did Comak say which member of the Nats FO kicked Wang in the hip?
Yes, there is a website that tracks ejections. Here it is, you can waste a lot of time on it.
ejections
Also on MLB Network's Intentional Talk.
The sharks catch got a brief shout out on PTI ...
Is Wang going on the 60-day?
Natslady, I think he just stays on the 15 day.
How about the guy that broke his shoulder saving Cain's perfect game? (I think it was Cain).
NatsLady.. Mets guy for Johan's game broke his shoulder
Speaking of perfect games Armando Galarraga is the kid who pitched the 28 out perfect game.
My favorite of the comments:
Nick Piecoro@nickpiecoro"Everybody has bad at-bats -- except McCutchen." -- Kirk Gibson
Voting still going went from 3132 to 3165 the last 5 minutes. Same 10 point lead.
Sorry, MicheleS--knew it was someone. That was a pretty fantastic catch also.
They're also arguing about votes, i.e., why all the AZ votes for Trout? Duh, I don't know - maybe because the Angels have a rookie-league affiliate there? :-)
Er, make that e.g.
1a, those arguments are fun to read. People are so into it, it is hilarious.
Now BBTN givingTrout more coverage, but the gap is now 12% keep it up Shark. 3197 votes
Jackson, being the team player that he is, probably volunteered for BP duty. Would that he was as good a pitcher as he is a team-mate.
I know, Faraz. I think they all need to get a grip. It's a fan vote on a sports network site. :-)
All those people in LA are going to be getting home from work, or the beach, or wherever, later on, so we probably need to build a cushion. Keep at it, Insiders.
Typical LA fans, showing up late. ;-)
Come on Kyle, giving up a hit to Tim Hudson of all people. Braves lead 3-1 early in the game. I have no shame in rooting for Phillies this series.
On the other hand, just keep winning our games.
Good for EJax. Team Guy.
OK, I just went and threw another inning at ESPN on Shark's behalf. Stay on top of it, and we should be fine.
is anyone having trouble watching free game of the day over at mlb site?
And EJax is a fine pitcher, best 4th starter in MLB.
I sense a shark attack coming on.
That thud you just heard was CMW's career. I hate to be negative, but this guy was a total waste of the Lerners' money. Error, Rizzo. A rare E-1.
CMW.. No harm no foul, didn't cost us prospects, and it was the Lerner's $$$, so no one should be calling them cheap.
CMW was a perfectly reasonable gamble. If all such gambles paid off, they wouldn't be gambles.
Shark is officially the reigning Web Gem.
This year was a loss, but the end of last season got back quite a bit of that expense, in terms of production. Boz did a piece detailing that argument, anyway, last fall I think it was. It was worth a shot--didn't pan out. Oh well. Everything that doesn't work out isn't a fail.
NCN--excactly. Look at Ben Sheets. Who is to say in advance it will work? The injury in Spring Training was the end, I think.
Its official just saw Shark is the reigning Web gem now. Ramirez of Milwaukee was the early show number 1. A solid play that Zim dows reggularly. Remember to vote tomorrow when the new poll is up.
Michele, is the voting closed, then? I don't think so.
Zofa.. They named it as the reigning gem, and not Trout.
They're still taking votes. They just took a bunch of mine, anyhow. Over 3,000 total.
Maybe I'll just keep voting, to tick off the Trout fans and ESPN guy.
Happy to see Edwin Jackson in the bullpen and I'm sure he's a 'team guy,' but I think his bullpen assignment is more a function of this being his regular throwing day between starts.
Separate issue: Anyone else having problems with MLB.tv?
LOL good idea Sofa. I love Trout's play as much as anyone but Bernie's catch was better, given the situation and all.
Eugene, MLB is tweeting that they are having problems with Radio & TV streams, they are working on it.
Zofa, keep going, Kruk and Ravi think Trout was better.. Whatever.
haha, I'm also going to vote to make the ESPN guys mad.
LORD Lombo.. for once Bo holds up a stop sign and he runs threw it.
Thx MischeleS. At least GameDay seems to be working.
They have 3rd base coach for a reason. Lombo Porter says stop, you stop in the first inning. Never looked up. That is bad baserunning.
Minute Maid Park sucks I think this place is cursed. All this wacky crappy things keep happening here.
Why is it ALWAYS Angel Hernandez in the middle of these snafus?
Lombo? Good grief.
Well, nice SF by ALR.1-0
Uh-oh, what's up?
Balk!
Wow, curiouser and curiouser!
Carp just said they are getting rid of that dumb hill in center field. good.
As Zection3 called it last night, MicheleS, "the kitchen sink of weird."
Now we hear the hill is going away next year.
What's going up in its place? Condos? A swimming pool? Tanning salon?
Did anybody see the balk?
This park is cursed! Just a crazy call, even if it was to our advantage.
Net effect -Zimm on second.
What's going up in its place? Condos? A swimming pool?
--------------------
Maybe a small moat, like in the steeplechase?
They are going to put statues out there where the hill is.
Galarraga almost put none in the strike zone, and we managed only 1 run. We swung at least 4 balls guys. What is that all about. Make him throw strikes. A walk is a good as a single. He will walk you if you let him.
Lombo thought he was Bryce, or even Bernie. He's not. Watch your coach and obey him, especially in the 1st inning.
Two statues: Biggio, and Jack in the Box.
Well, Bernie scored on running through the stop sign Monday night, right? ;-)
Ryan declined the honor, citing "the damn weirdness of the whole thing"
By the wa he bakled the pitch before, and I was complaining they didn't call it. You ahve to come to a stop and he didn't 2 times in a row and was called on it the second time.
Did Gio not get the message? Three pitches hung in the middle three hits already. If we had just hits balls in the middle and not swung at balls not close we would ahve score a lot more.
Just curious, are you typing on a phone?
Mazda sponsors the Defensive Outfield screen, and Suzuki gets a free plug.
Sure is nice to see people in Nats gear at these away games.
NO WAY GIO!!!! HOW AWESOME!!
GIO
Did what GameDay said just happen actually happen?
GIO!!!!!!!!
Who needs middle of the order thunder? Our pitchers can take care of themselves...
We do have some good hitting pitchers.
Hmmmph.... No Audio feed, on MLB At Bat...? Hmmmmph....
Now I want to know the Gallaraga/Suzuki history...Gio sticking up for his boy...
Gio makes up for his 3 bad pitches in the first with a 2 run tater. He is plus 1.
We still need him to go deep into this game.
Well, maybe Gio can't pitch too good tonight, but Gio sure can hit good tonight!
Curiouser & curiouser!
Eugene, MLB says they have the problem fixed on the streaming.
Swift, now he doesn't get a warning, or risk getting himself and Davey tossed. Perfect. Absolutely perfect.
Det is now on the clock for a dinger.. hmmm. when will he get his.
Thx, MicheleS. For Nats game the audio is now working, but not the TV. Will keep checking.
I think Det needs to eat a couple sandwiches before that's possible.
I like the way our pitchers protect our guys - with a BAT! Capone style!
Eugene/UnkyD.. others with streaming issues:
MLB@MLB
UPDATE: Problem has been isolated and resolved. Every live feed across every device, if not already available, will be accessible shortly
And Ryan Howard just tied it up 6-6 in the 5th inning with the Braves
Off-topic but relevant: Ryan Howard's three-run shot ties Phils with Braves 6-6.
Just when I think I can't love Gio more, I find out I'm wrong. And what a fun way to find out.
A few more and we will have our laugher and know we can all go to bed early and happy.
Whoops. Late. Again. You have to be pretty quick off the blocks to beat Michele "Usain Bolt" S.
Sunshine, it's the business level high speed internet access that I have at the house. Boss pays for it.
I have never seen MicheleS and Usain Bolt in the same room. Coincidence? I think NOT!
My family would fall down laughing at the Usain Bolt comparisons, since I run like Stras.
I've been googling, but I can't find any reference to bad blood or a beef between Gallaraga and Suzuki yet. I think he's only pitched to him once before.
If anyone cares, the crack WJFK radio team just explained that on the sacrifice vs. balk, if Adam LaRoche had gotten a hit, the hit would have superseded the balk and Mr. LaRoche would have gotten the RBI. Since it was 'just' a sacrifice, the balk took precedence (because it also advanced the runner who was on first).
Galarraga. One L, two Rs.
@Usain Bolt: Michele, you interested in Mets-Nats game a week from Sunday, Aug. 19? I got an extra ticket, in the shade, down first base line?
Eugene, that and the balk doesn't cost them an out.
Zat iz zo; ezactly.
And while things are slow--
The Nats have a half-off promo that includes the Braves games coming up. I got good seats, last night.
TravelZoo, Nats Tix
Sunshine.. I am already there! Take your mother in law.. she will love it.
Such a slow tempo, the catcher is doodling in the dirt behind home plate. He has written half of Moby Dick.
Wait, did Kristina just say it was "Waterless Wednesday" for the starters? WTH does that mean???
@MicheleS: No offense, but she was first call. But she's at the beach that week.
OK, I went back and listened again. She said "Waterless Wednesday."
If Altuve jumps to reach a high liner, but is just an inch short, is it scored an error, given that the average player would have had it?
@MicheleS: Would you at least stop by Section 134 an hour or so before the game? I'm in Row double-P. In the shade.
ehay, no, but Ghost would probably say if you asked Altuve he'd say he should have caught it.
I kid.
let this be Armando's last inning. Come on Nats.
ESPN guys are talking Nats and SS during SF vs STL game.
Sorry, should have used a ;-) after my Altuve question. :-)
That called third strike on Bam-Bam almost hit the dirt.
Where does Angel Hernandez park his guide dogs at the park when he works a game?
Bryce should not argue with Angel, that will come back to haunt him somewhere down the line.
Actually, thinking about it, it's not fair to not give an error to Altuve there, but then give one to Dunn when he can't reach down to get a ground ball.
;-)
Lol Sunshine!
Hernandez is liable to call a balk on Bryce next time around.
Except for Laz and Country Buffet Boy Joe West, Worst Umpire Ever.
Sunshine, very funny @ 9:15.
the dirt in the RH batters box.
Well, it's a pretty bad strike zone both ways. So there's that.
The role of Bob Davidson tonight is being played by Angel Hernandez.
Balks all around! Put them on Angel's tab.
Well, at least they didn't manufacture the run by stealing that time...
I can't believe it is back to a 1 run game. The Nats have 1 clutch hit and its by the pitcher.
This has to turn around. Galaragga stinks.
FP is not having a good game. First the phantam Suzuki/Gallarando history based on a phantom "look" that Suzuki gave him. Then the ridiculous "taking one for the team" as if ALR cares about 1 RBI vs the chance for a big inning, and then forgetting about Zim's 30 game hitting streak (if he ever knew about it), speculating that the longest hitting streaks in the teams history were by Vlad or Vidro "at least in the 20s." Carp is trying not to show him up as he corrects him, but having a tough time.
What's the story with Galarraga? He's got an all-but-perfect game, has taken no-hitters into the late innings a few times, as I recall, and yet he knocks around like the PTBNL.
FP is tired, it's a long season, and he hasn't been able to start partying until well after midnight this series.
The pitchers has nothing he falls behinds most the hitters nd with good hitting counts we are flubbing away. Come on guys get hits.
Hmmm, maybe FP isn't the only one partying... I'm not judging, I'm just saying.
Oh, you just KNOW that Angel goes out clubbing. With those eyes, all the girls are keepers!
umpiring is awful. But so is our hitting in this series. When do we face cole hamels again?
Sure glad we got suzuk. Can't hit cant throw. HEY WAIT, EITHER CAN JESUS
Secret, please leave religion out of it. Thanks.
Go nat I agree. if we split this series we will look back and say we were lucky. Time to give Bryce a day off. Play Roger
I wonder if those kids asked for the Harper autographed balls or that's what the Nats offered? They should have held out for a trip to DC in October and playoff tickets!!
11-6 ATL up now on the Fils.
UGHH the Phils stink. Thanks for nothing.
Here comes Jesus Suzuki. hope he hits him.
Secret, we are still winning, so why is it that you are so negative?
Just nervous I guess.
I chope Gio fers bases loaded.
what you do here?
No reason to be nervous, look at our winning percentage!
:-)
He's not negative, he's the sock puppet alter ego of another poster here, who's not too popular, so he splits his neg ratings. Not a bad strategy, really, if you're committed to it.
Ghost Of Steve M. said...
I chope Gio fers bases loaded.
August 08, 2012 9:50 PM
____________________________
Grand Salami time!
hahhaha I wouldnt pitch to Gio either. His a homerun monster. LETS GO NATS.
If I'm Gio, I'm sitting dead red with a new pitcher in.
ehay, don't look now, but I think everybody here is drunk except us ... and I'm not so sure about us.
ok now we need a big hit. LOMBO do
I think you go with Tyler Moore here, but hey, that's just me. Go get 'em Lombo!
Tyler more for bryce
awful. that was ball 2
Not to be negative, but this is sad. Lombo lays an egg.
Like I said before the at-bat, I would have pinch-hit. You have Izturis to play 2nd now.
I'm visualizing ... deep.
Payback.
Angel Hernandez...
Wow. That's just.
Wow.
Angel is powerful, Angel demands respect. Or he is just an ass.
You called it Michele. Angel has it in for Bam-Bam. I'm surprised he hasn't run him yet.
Angel hernandez has made this personal. Absolutely ridiculous. Shame on him. Those balls are unhittable and not strikes
I officially take back what I said about Hernandez.
Again harper called out on a ball outside the stike zone. The major leagues only need about 72 guys toumpire and we cannot find 72 good umpires in America? I find it shocking because about 50% are so inconsistent and have no clue how to call a strike, and MLB has no understanding that there is a problem in this area. It is fairly easy to fix if they wanted to.
They are doing it on purpose. How can you miss so many chances? They have no energy.
That is sad. Angel Hernandez has to respect the game. That was ball 4. Ball 5 was a little closer.
In all seriousness is there anything the Nats can do? Like reporting that to the league... I mean this is just sick. How freeeeken unprofessional can he be ALLOWED to be????? I am fuming now.
When one goes to someone's house and the host keeps offering gifts, it's only polite to accept them with thanks and grace. Nats not being very polite in Minute Maid Park.
Angel Hernandez is a freaking joke. The MLB needs to get rid of some of these "veteran" umpires. They suck.
Time for Davey to go postal
I'm speechless, out of respect for Mark.That just wasn't fair.
<|endofexample|>
"He had a great game," Johnson said. "Just relax. Catch your breath. Let me let some of the other guys get into it."
So Tyler Moore will get the start tonight in left field, with Jayson Werth shifting to center field and Michael Morse shifting to right field. Look for more lineup finagling in the coming days as Johnson tries to find opportunities to keep Moore, Steve Lombardozzi and Roger Bernadina fresh.
As for tonight's game, Edwin Jackson is on the mound, looking to bounce back from a bit of a ragged start last week in Arizona (though he did still earn the win that night). Left-hander Jon Niese pitches for the Mets.
Plenty of updates to come, so please check back...
NEW YORK METS at WASHINGTON NATIONALS
Where: Nationals Park
Gametime: 7:05 p.m. EDT
TV: MASN, MLB.tv
Radio: WJFK (106.7 FM), WFED (1500 AM), XM 89
Weather: Clear, 81 degrees, Wind 7 mph in from CF
NATIONALS (74-45)
CF Jayson Werth
2B Danny Espinosa
3B Ryan Zimmerman
RF Michael Morse
1B Adam LaRoche
SS Ian Desmond
LF Tyler Moore
C Jesus Flores
RHP Edwin Jackson
METS (56-63)
SS Ruben Tejada
RF Mike Baxter
3B David Wright
1B Ike Davis
2B Daniel Murphy
LF Jordany Valdespin
CF Andres Torres
C Josh Thole
LHP Jon Niese
UMPIRES
HP Marvin Hudson
1B Jordan Baker
2B Ted Barrett (cc)
3B Brian Runge
7:07 p.m. -- We are underway on an absolutely gorgeous night in the nation's capital. 81 degrees and barely any hint of humidity as Edwin Jackson starts off Ruben Tejada with a fastball for strike one.
7:12 p.m. -- Jackson pitches his way around a one-out triple by Mike Baxter to keep the Mets from scoring in the top of the first. Have to give an assist to Ryan Zimmerman, who made another nifty grab of David Wright's smoked grounder to third and nearly tagged Baxter out before throwing to first for the out.
7:25 p.m. -- A couple of hits from Danny Espinosa and Zimmerman in the bottom of the first, setting the table for the big boys in the Nats lineup. But Michael Morse flied out to right and Adam LaRoche's wheels weren't quite fast enough to beat out a grounder to second. So it remains scoreless after one.
7:35 p.m. -- Good stuff from Jackson so far. He struck out a pair in the top of the second, both on swings and misses, and has needed only 28 pitches to get through two scoreless innings.
7:48 p.m. -- Man, does Jackson have a devastating slider tonight, or what? He's struck out four of the last six batters, three on sliders, and has completed three scoreless innings.
8:05 p.m. -- Jackson's dominance continues in the top of the fourth as he strikes out another pair. That's six total strikeouts for the game, all of them coming in a span of nine batters, all of them swinging. The right-hander really has displayed a killer fastball-slider combo so far tonight, keeping the Mets completely off-guard. Not that the Nats lineup is doing much of anything against Niese. They've compiled only those two first-inning singles so far, so this remains a 0-0 game in the middle of the fourth.
8:21 p.m. -- I assume somebody will score before this game ends, right? Because nobody has seriously threatened yet, and we've reached the halfway point of the game. Jackson just needed all of 10 pitches to finish off a 1-2-3 fifth inning. He's got seven strikeouts now, still all of them swinging. And the game is still scoreless.
8:37 p.m. -- Make it 10 strikeouts (and zero walks) for Jackson through six scoreless innings. Complete dominance from the right-hander tonight. Now, if only his teammates could scratch out one run off Niese...
8:49 p.m. -- They couldn't do it in the bottom of the sixth. Espinosa beat out a slow dribbler to lead off the inning but was stranded at first base. Zimmerman sent a long flyball to the warning track, Morse struck out for the second time tonight and LaRoche was robbed of a hit (possibly extra bases) by Ike Davis' nifty scoop at first. Onto the seventh inning of a scoreless game.
8:58 p.m. -- Well, that just changed in a hurry. Jackson walked Wright to lead off the seventh, nearly taking his head off on ball four. Then Davis crushed the very next pitch into the left-field bullpen for a two-run homer. Just like that, the Mets have taken a 2-0 lead despite only two hits tonight. And just like that, the Nats find themselves needing to score at least two runs before making nine outs.
9:01 p.m. -- On a brighter note: A sellout crowd of 42,662 (second-largest in Nationals Park history) paid to attend a pennant race game tonight instead of staying home to watch exhibition football. Well done, everyone.
9:05 p.m. -- If I told you Edwin Jackson's final line would read: 7 IP, 2 H, 2 ER, 1 BB, 11 K, 1 HR ... you'd probably take that, right? What if I told you that wouldn't be good enough to earn the win? A great start wasted. Ryan Mattheus in for the eighth, the Nats still down 2-0.
9:15 p.m. -- Well, Terry Collins just pulled Jon Niese one out into the eighth. This would probably be an appropriate time to point out the Mets bullpen has a 5.05 ERA, worst in the majors. Jon Rauch in to face Werth.
9:22 p.m. -- No rally in the eighth as Rauch retires Werth and Espinosa. So the Nats are down to their final three outs. They still trail 2-0 as we head to the ninth.
9:33 p.m. -- Last chance for the Nats. Frank Francisco on the mound. Zimmerman, Morse and LaRoche due up.
9:42 p.m. -- That'll do it. A very frustrating 2-0 loss for the Nationals before a sellout crowd that waited all night to explode and never got the opportunity to do it.
98 comments:
43 games left and counting....
fun stuff!!
The Land Shark is considered the cleverest of all sharks. Unlike the Great White shark, which tends to inhabit the waters and harbors of recreational beach areas, the Land Shark inhabits baseball parks and will strike at any time during the course of game. It is capable of disguising its voice, and generally preys on National League teams in the East.
lol
Natslady isn't going to be happy with this outfield. Moore and Morse in the outfield. Plus Jayson in center.
Recent Land Shark attack: MinuteMaid Park, Houston, TX.
Brett Wallace: swings his bat, the ball takess off
Voice: (mumbling) Mr. Allaccehhh?
Wallace: Who?
Voice: (mumbling) Mr. Wallace?
Wallace: Who is it?
Voice: Flowers.
Wallace: Flowers for whom?
Voice: Plumber, sirm.
Wallace I don't need a plumber. You're that clever shark, aren't you?
Voice: Candygram.
Wallace: Candygram, my foot! now wwatch my game winning hit and you get out of here before I call the police! You're the shark, and you know it!
Voice: Wait. I-I'm only a dolphin, sir.
Wallace: A dolphin? Well... Okay. ahhhhhhhhh
This is FUN!!!!
GYFNG!!!
Davey is doing a terrific job with this team. Imagine having Harp, Bernie, Tracy and Lombo on the bench if the Mets bring in a RH reliever in a key situation to pitch to Moore, or Desi, or some other RH hitter, and Davey can counter with any one of those guys, if needed.
EJax is starting to remind me a little of Henry. There is a good EJax and a bad EJax. We need the good one to show up tonight. Niese is pretty good.
The all RH outfield. If this works it could be the blueprint for the remainder of the season.
Also significant that Bull Moose is leading off and not Espi.
Should have said the blueprint vs LH pitching.
Love Werth as the lead-off.
Hoping for good Ejax tonight. Or at least a hot hitting line up to counter balance if he is not.
Thirty games over .500. Sorry, I can't take it - air is too thin at this altitude, can't breathe...
Ah, screw it. Hypoxia is a small price to pay...
GYFNG!!!
And Espinosa is in the slot Davey thinks he would fit best in.
Werth could be the perfect #1 hitter. Someone who knows how to get on anyway he can yet still packs enough power to garner respect from pitchers. If accepts the role and it seems like he just might this time ...
Valddespin in the Metropolitans' starting lineup. Good omen.
NatsJack - what section?
Any of you who are parents - do you often find the care and feeding of Bryce Harper humorous? He got two hits last night, including a home run. After the game Davey called attention to his missing the cutoff man. Is Bryce in time out? I have been reading some tweets about how Bryce reacts, things he needs to learn to accept. Like the fact that some of the other little boys need a turn to play. Seems like parenting 101 to me. Some days he seems more like 19 than others.
What a bunch of IDIOTS on Fox (Yankees-Sox).They're back on the Stras shutdown & are saying that no one supports it and that there are no reasons to support it.
Tim McCarver having conniptions and Fox doing 1933 cost of living graphics related to the last time DC was in pennant race. IDIOTS!
We've waited this long so why make Strasburg a human sacrifice?
Candide, you're being sarcastic, right? Valdespin has been a Nat killer.
Danny -
Mr. Applegate has already taken care of it.
No, NatsNut, Valdespin has been a Nats killer when he pinch hits.. Not so great when he's starting, and I'd ge's starting that means he can't pinch hit.
Get with the code, dude! ;-)
Thx Wendell. I heard the FOX idiots too. And impressed that they dragged out 1933 numbers with graphIcs to press their point of how long DC has been waitIng. They do anything to stir the pot.
mick @ 4:06 -- love it!
Actually one of the few OK Clint moments was last night in one of the pre-game competitions when the contestants we're asked to identify pictures of various kinds of sharks. One of the choices was actually "land shark" -- and when one of them chose it, Clint said "well, you'll make someone from SNL very happy!"
Almost made him likable at the time...
Haha. Got it!
Going for 30 games over .500!
GYFNG!!
Wendell, just curious, does your comment mean you support shutting Stras down 100% ?
WHERE WAS MOORE on that hit? Ball got past Werth and Moore was nowhere around.
But Ejax left that ball up really fat and juicy for the hitter.
Thanks, SteadyEddie.
Did Werth hurt himself diving for the ball? He did not look well after catching the flyball.
Pretty quiet here tonight. Are all the NI people at the game?
The good EJax.
I'm here - post away. Offense putting a little pressure on the pitcher in the first. Keep it up.
I don't have a TV so it's nice when I do get a chance to watch the game on TV, but I couldn't really take Ray Knight for very long. Had to mute and put Charlie and Dave on. When is FP supposed to be back?
back to back to back jacks against Sheets, 3-1 Dodgers.
MicheleS, I just heard about Sheets. Repeat after me, small sample size.
Jackson looking great.
You folks can't say I didn't warn you about the impending Ben Sheets breakdown. Again, think rusted-out 1977 Olds Cutlass. Nothing left in the tank.
Mark, anytime you're ready for a trip to the stands, go ahead. We'll wait.
Edwin looking really good tonight.
NatsNut I think FP is gone just for the weekend. It's his daughter's birthday. He has been watching and tweeting humorous things. I appreciated Ray Knight's career and I love his wife, but this is not his forte. Would rather have had Byron Kerr or Phil Wood.
Ejax is throwing nasty stuff tonight. Slider sets up fastball down and in to lefties. Sweet.
Sunshine_Bobby_Carpenter_Is_Too_Pessimistic_For_Me said...You folks can't say I didn't warn you about the impending Ben Sheets breakdown.
You didn't warn us about the impending Ben Sheets breakdown.
I has a keyboard. I can says anythings I wants.
Sunshine does get credit for calling Sheets' downfall in a thread a while back. I seem to recall the Cutlass reference
Time to break out the jamage meter!
Two things. As for when FP will be back, I heard Bob Carpenter say, assuming I heard correctly, that he was gone "for the home stand", staying West. I guess that means he misses the Braves series, though hard to believe.
The other thing has to do with how the Nats attendance is reported. I was there last night, walked around the stadium, and you could count the empty seats in the hundreds, that's all. Yet attendance was announced at under 35k. All I can figure is that season ticket holders get points that entitle them to a bunch of free extra tickets (like around 25 a season per seat), and maybe there were a bunch of freebies in the seats last night. Otherwise, I don't get it, the place was very close to full.
Just figured out that if you stream the game on At Bat, you can delay the TV feed to match with Charlie and Dave's calling of the game! Heaven!
I thought it was just me and the Mrs! Ray Knight is gawd awful as a game time commentator.Hurry back, FP!
And did you hear Dave J just say why Ryan Dempster couldn't make the trip to Toronto to pitch for the Rangers? Because he couldn't find his passport! And he's Canadian.
Alright now we need some bats guys.
He was with the Cubs, why would he need to go to Canada (during the season) after interleage play ends?
Now, about these immigrants taking our jobs... ;-)
EJax has been great!
Ray is a good post-game analyst. During the game, different skills are required.
Thanks Ehay2K for the institutional memory. I still say it's a sign of the Barves' desperation that they even signed Sheets to begin with.
Espi, deadly from the right side! Lol.
NatsTown is rocking. Need some Nats O!!!!
Dodgers lead the Braves 6-1 now!
Sunshine - my thoughts exactly. You knew they had a problem early in the season when they picked up Livo as quickly as they did. (And I love me some Livo, but that was a desperate pickup even to me. )
Barves lacked quality pitching depth all year.
eyay2K,
Dempster is with the Rangers now. Roy Oswalt had to make take his start.
oh. oops. eyay2K =ehay2K, although I like the yay better. LOL
Natsnut, I know - I said Dempster WAS with the Cubs, which is why he didn't need a passport after Interleague play ended (Expos gone and all.)
oh. oops again ehay2K. you meant he hasn't needed it for a long time. Sorry!
On the other hand, one could argue that Texas is a foreign country, so he should have had his passport ready.
ok, crawling under a rock now.
FP's tweet said he would be back for the Phillie's series. Write MASN and ask for Dan Kolko or Byron Kerr instead of Ray Knight next time that happens.
Way outside on Moore.
I'm ignoring a two-hit, 2-0 deficit for the moment.
On attendance, though no one else has responded and maybe cares, I note that tonight's game is a sellout, and I assume one reason is no season ticket points tickets were allowed for this game.
Does Ejax have issues throwing from the stretch?
Zuckerman just tweeted that the skins are on the tube and we still have a sell out!
Wow the town is catching on.
A lot of Skins fans are partial to 3rd Eye Blind, apparently.
thanks eddie, lol
I had to wash some dishes, how did Mets get their 2 runs? Good pitching duel tonight
Walked Wright, then Ike hits a HR.
thanks ehay
Ejax I thought pitched well
He did pitch well. Probably could have gone back out. Davey is either saving Ejax for the postseason, or his ear from Bryce's chirping! :-)
Niese is a hell of a pitcher
Does tattoo removal hurt more on the back of your neck?
ehay2k agreed
sell out proves this town is into BASEBALL, by the way how are the skins doing, lol
I don't remember Rauch ever throwing 94 for us.
Time for a LAND SHARK ATTACK, lol
If we can keep it 2-0, I have a good feeling in 9th
Mick, this town craves a winner. Explains why the Kastles sell out.
Go Dodgers!!!
Ejac only gave up 2 hits, not bad
Lol - mick= misty may
With Davis and Wright you would think the Mets would be a tad better
Who's Tad?
lol ehay, ha ha ok
What a strange game - EJax and Mattheus were as sharp as I have ever seen either of them. We have more hits than the Mets. Weird.
swami... but give Neise credit, very under rated pitcher
and a 216 hitter is having a great game against us
I know this may be heresy here... but Brandon Banks just ran back a 91 yd TD punt.... now let's get 3 in the 9th boys!!
Playing right into our hands
Who is Brandon Banks? And what was he thinking? What was in watching? Where was he going?
Uh oh - Phillies are gaining on us! Win tomorrow, take the series, keep going.
Perfect example of why a 1 game playoff is an absolute JOKE!!. Mediocre pitcher gets hot. Thats why we have to win this division.
At least the Dodgers won. :-)
<|endofexample|>
Material: 100% natural Merino WoolWeight: 3ozDimensions: 30.7 x 9.6
Sizing: Standard fits most adults
Seam Free: No irritating seams, flat hem to ends
Easy Care: Machine washable. Non iron. Merino Wool Buff is naturally elastic and will retain its shape
Colours: MERINO WOOL BUFF is colour fast and wont fade
Natural Mom
Popular Brands
Popular Articles
Shipping & Returns
<|endofexample|>
We're working with you to make a positive impact around the world in more than 35 countries, all 50 United States and your backyard. Support our work
Get Involved:Donate Now Renew Membership:
P swimmers use to guide their routines cannot compare to the flight of a migratory bird,, Walsh can certainly out-jump many of her competitors on the sand courts where she plays volleyball. But a mountain lion has her beat: These cats can jump 15 feet vertically.July 25, 2012
Close Encounters with Nature
Whether scary or exciting, nature has a way of sneaking up on you. See stories
Hear some of nature's success stories and see how nature matters to us all. Watch videos
<|endofexample|>
Your browser does not support JavaScript and this application utilizes JavaScript to build content and provide links to additional information. You should either enable JavaScript in your browser settings or use a browser that supports JavaScript in order to take full advantage of this application.
Navajo County Public Libraries Your Electronic Library on the Web
Navigation Menu
The OPAC is currently unavailable. Please try again later.
Search the library catalog on
or on your
mobile phone
!
Top
<|endofexample|>
News by Topic.
View Details CAS Casa Italiana
Casa Italiana Presents Dr. J. Richard Ciccone for Mancini Lecture, Nov. 15
Casa Italiana Mancini Lecture features Dr. J. Richard Ciccone speaking about "Insanity: Getting Away With Murder?"
View Details Casa Italiana
Connect with us
<|endofexample|>
Preview: Mavericks (4-1) at Knicks (3-0); streaking Mavs head into Madison Square Garden
Earl K. Sneed reports from New York and previews the Dallas Mavericks' matchup against Jason Kidd, Tyson Chandler and an unbeaten Knicks team, as the Mavs try to extend a three-game winning streak.
Preview: Mavericks (4-1) at Knicks (3-0); streaking Mavs head into Madison Square Garden
NEW YORK — Just four players remain in Big D from the Dallas Mavericks’ 2011 NBA championship roster.
But, with 11-time All-Star Dirk Nowitzki (knee surgery) and four-time All-Star Shawn Marion (sprained left MCL) not available for the Mavericks (4-1) Friday night in New York, the Knicks (3-0) will have an equal amount of players from that title team on the floor, after 39-year-old veteran Jason Kidd followed center Tyson Chandler to the Big Apple in back-to-back offseasons of free agency.
Sweeping through a three-game homestand before heading out to New York and Charlotte on a two-game road trip, the Mavericks will enter Madison Square Garden a confident bunch despite the injuries to Nowitzki and Marion. And after seizing a 109-104 victory at home Wednesday night versus Toronto without four of their key contributors, the Mavs will look for similar success away from home.
“That’s an important game for us,” Mavs point guard Darren.”
Playing without Marion, who is slated to miss at least three games, as well as big man Elton Brand (birth of his daughter) and fourth-year guard Rodrigue Beaubois (sprained left ankle), the Mavs continued to roll behind two of their nine new additions this season. And after 2-guard O.J. Mayo and center Chris Kaman produced 22 points apiece to help lead the way, the Mavericks’ players also continued to show the ability to fill the void when veteran leaders are out, helping the team get off to a 4-1 start for the first time since the 2007-08 campaign.
“It was a great team effort [Wednesday night],” Mayo said after games of 30 points, 32 points and 22 points during the unbeaten homestand. .”
“We’ve got guys picking up where guys are injured, so it’s been a full team effort,” Kaman added. “We’re on a little bit of a roll and we’re just going to try to keep it going.”
Keeping it going against an unbeaten Knicks team Friday night will be challenging, however, as perennial All-Star and scoring threat Carmelo Anthony, Kidd and fellow newcomer Raymond Felton have led New York to its best start in 19 years even without power forward Amare Stoudemire due to a left knee injury.
And with Chandler anchoring the defense, the Mavs know they’ll have a hard time keeping up their offensive success against a squad allowing just 85.3 points on 40.7 percent shooting.
“We go on the road now and it gets tougher. … I mean, they’re a legit championship-contending team now, especially with Kidd on the team,” Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle said of the Knicks. “I mean, he brings that winning presence to their situation, and you can just tell it’s really rubbed off on them in a big way. So, that’s gonna be a different kind of test for us, ‘cause they are playing good basketball.”
Note: The Mavs start off their two-game road trip by touching down in New York to face ex-Maverick Jason Kidd and the Knicks Friday night. The game will air locally at 6:30 p.m. CT on Fox Sports Southwest.
<|endofexample|>
LEE COUNTY: Just 50 feet now separate Captiva and Sanibel Island. And as Blind Pass quickly fills with sand again, Captiva Erosion Prevention and county leaders are pointing fingers.
Lee County Commissioner John Manning and the president of the Captiva Erosion Prevention District met in a private session Thursday.
Manning says a compromise was reached. The county is now working to speed up a maintenance dredge to as early as March.
And the Erosion District has agreed to split the cost.
The kicker is that the county has a new estimate for continuous upkeep on Blind Pass - $3-million every five years or let the pass close and wildlife will die and business will suffer.
"When that pass is open we get people coming in here buying bait, tackle. People even rent rooms just because of Blind Pass," said John Jensen, of Jensen's Marina.
Less than two years ago, residents, the county and the state pitched in more than $3-million to reopen the pass.
The dredge was supposed to last twice this long as it did.
By Sarah Hollenbeck - bio | email | Facebook | Twitter
<|endofexample|>
The Office
Watch the special expanded series finale online now.
More »
Air Date: 2/24/09
Air Date: 2/26/09
Air Date: 2/27/09
Air Date: 3/6/09
Air Date: 12/31/69
Air Date: 9/9/09
Air Date: 9/1/09
Air Date: 9/10/09
Air Date: 8/31/09
Air Date: 8/28/09
Air Date: 8/27/09
Air Date: 9/11/09
Air Date: 8/26/09
Air Date: 9/14/09 »
<|endofexample|>
CHESTERFIELD, VA (WWBT) - Chesterfield's Buckingham Wood is a small condo community of mostly seniors. Retirees -- who like Mary Kline -- have come to rely on the handyman skills of neighbor Ray Ellis.
"He always finds something to do or someone to help. He is Mr. Fix It," Mary said. "My garage door was acting up; he came over to help me see what was wrong. He has fixed washers on my faucets."
Mary revealed a long list of some Ray's repairs like when her closet rack collapsed.
"I had all my clothes on it, it fell down, he came over and he put it back up for me. He will change all the light bulbs in street lights and the clubhouse. If something minor needs to be done at the pool he'll go," she said. "We've recently been sick and every day he would ring the bell and bring the mail while we were sick. He is very deserving because he does so much for everybody."
"Here's $100, $200, $300, for Mr. Fix it" said Sabrina Squire.
Mary leads the way and we quickly find Ray lending a hand to neighbor Bob.
Mary Kline: "Hey Ray." Ray Ellis: "Hey Mary." Mary Kline: "We have something special for you. Well, we think Ray does so much for the community that he deserves a special thing."Ray Ellis: "Come on."Mary Kline: "You help us so much, you put papers at doors, and you change light bulbs. You help anybody that needs help even when somebody falls you're there to pick them up."Bob: "He just helped me."Mary Kline: "He helped you. Yeah helps so much in the neighborhood that we think that you so such special things that you're special so we're gonna present you with $300."Ray Ellis: "What? For what? I don't deserve this."Mary Kline: "Yes you do."Ray Ellis: "I just do what I love to do and help people."
Ray tells me him and his wife of 55 years love helping with their great-grandkids and their great neighbors.
"Thank you Mary," Ray said.
If there's an organization or individual you know deserves an Act of Kindness, e-mail me. It can't be a relative. Send your nomination to "kindness@nbc12.com."
P.O. Box 12
Richmond, VA 23218
(804) 230-1212
publicfile@nbc12.com
(804) 230-1212
EEO Report
Closed Captioning
<|endofexample|>
WMTV Mobile
>>
Sports Headlines
Sports Headlines
Send
No Melo, but Badgers wary of talented Syracuse
Your Name*:
Your Email*:
Recipient's Email*:
All fields are required
Back to Sports Headlines
No Melo, but Badgers wary of talented Syracuse
Posted: 11:34 AM Mar 20, 2012
Posted-March 20th, 2012 1:33 pm
MILWAUKEE (AP) --.
Just don't try selling that line of thinking to anybody at Wisconsin.
Going into Thursday's regional semifinal game in Boston, the Badgers are confident they have a chance against Syracuse. But they don't necessarily see the Orange as vulnerable without their big man.
Send Story to a Friend
Send to Facebook
WMTV Mobile Home
Search:
Gray Television, Inc - Copyright 2002-2012 - Powered by Gray Interactive Media
Full Site
<|endofexample|>
A clear mammogram, then 6 weeks later a bombshell
POSTED: Tuesday, October 9, 2012 - 6:30am
UPDATED: Tuesday, October 9, 2012 - 6:34am
WINDSOR, Conn. (CTNow) — With four kids and a dorm full of teen girls to watch, Bobbi Moran has always been incredibly busy, active and healthy. She went in for her yearly mammogram and was pleased to hear that nothing troubling appeared.
But just six weeks later, during a routine visit to her ob-gyn, she couldn't believe what she heard.
"The doctor said to me 'Is this something new?' She felt a lump and right away I was thinking, 'No, I never felt that before'," says Moran, describing the shape of the small protrusion as similar to a pencil eraser. An ultrasound was inconclusive, so she decided to go ahead with a biopsy. Then a phone call changed Moran's life forever.
"I remember at 3:30 p.m. in the afternoon on a rainy day, they said, 'You have cancer,' and you could've knocked me over with a feather," says this 46-year-old sports information director and varsity field hockey coach at Loomis Chaffee, a private high school in Windsor.
But a sudden difference or discovery in the breast isn't all that uncommon. "It can change very quickly," says Dr. Lori Gomez of Connecticut Valley Radiology in Bloomfield. "It can change within months, really."
Even though awareness has grown over the last decade, she believes that some of us continue to fear mammograms. "I still see women that come in every five years or they say they're worried about it being uncomfortable," says Gomez, noting that skilled technologists make the examination as quick and easy as possible.
She thinks it is more frightening not to sign-up for screening: "It really is a life and death issue." Once a woman is 35 or 40, depending on family and personal history, it is vital for her to begin to accumulate annual mammograms, so that doctors can compare the look of the breast tissue year after year. Thanks to new technology and heightened knowledge about the importance of self breast exams, there is much more hope for women who are diagnosed with the disease. "The treatments are only improving," says Gomez. "Early detection is getting better."
After a lumpectomy, Moran turned to a sisterhood of survivors for support: "I looked at them and said, 'You know what, she's been through this. I can do this, I can do this.''Because it's scary to go through it." She also shared her experience with the teenage girls she coaches and mentors by speaking honestly with them: "My big thing to them was, 'Cancer picked the wrong person to mess with,' and I think they really gained a lot of strength out of that."
Wearing pink for National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, Moran says she is now cancer-free. She plans to celebrate her one-year anniversary of completing radiation on Oct. 10 watching her team "Play for the Cure" during a very special field hockey game. She hopes her story of vigilance and early detection will inspire other women to act and to take care of themselves. "I think we are our own best advocates in this," says Moran. "Don't wait!"
<|endofexample|>
New cell phone case developed in BR doubles as shocking form of self defense
POSTED: Friday, June 22, 2012 - 5:02pm
UPDATED: Monday, June 25, 2012 - 10:23am
BATON ROUGE, LA (NBC33) — Watch out! this isn't your everyday iphone case. This one might get you!
A Baton Rouge-based duo is making and marketing a new type of iphone case that doubles as a line of defense - a stun gun. The Yellow Jacket iPhone case is still in the prototype phase, but should soon be available to buy.
The case's creator says the idea came to him after a man broke in to his home, stealing thousands of dollars in valuables.
“I started piecing together what I could of done differently. What I could of done to protect this from happening to me,” Seth Froom, creator of Yellow Jacket, said. “The solution I came up with was in that moment of exchange. When I had to hand him my phone - that was really the only opportune moment I had to turn the circumstances around.”
The Yellow Jacket phone case is only available for pre-orders right now. The Army reservist says he's been working on developing this taser case for about ten months.
<|endofexample|>
Tuesday, February 14, 2012 - 7:02pm
BATON ROUGE, La (NBC33) — Livingston Parish Deputies threw a birthday bash for their top dog Tuesday. Sheriff Willie Graves turned 55 and all his co-workers were there to make sure he celebrated the right way. They had a big pot of gumbo and lots of food for the festivities.
This was a really special party for Graves. It will be the last birthday he celebrates as the sheriff.
"These are the types of things that I'll miss, getting together with the guys and girls for holidays and special occassions, and kind of having a fellowship and having time together, putting off work for a little bit," says Graves. "It's a great day!"
Graves retires on June 30th. Deputy Jason Ard will take his place.
<|endofexample|>
POSTED: Thursday, October 11, 2012 - 1:33pm
UPDATED: Thursday, October 11, 2012 - 4:39pm
BATON ROUGE, LA (NBC33) — A man was arrested today for allegedly bringing a BB gun to a Southeast Middle School football game. He’s accused of pointing the weapon at students.
The East Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Office reports that the incident occurred at 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, Oct. 10 at the school located on S. Harrell’s Ferry Road. The suspect, Jeremy Jackson, 24, was at the football game because his girlfriend’s son is a student there.
Officials say Jackson became involved in a verbal disagreement with several juveniles. It was at this point that he allegedly pulled out the BB gun. Witnesses say he then gave the gun to his girlfriend’s son, who then started waving it in the air.
The juveniles involved with the incident did not initially report the incident, even though they claim the gun was pulled on them in a threatening manner. However, Jackson allegedly went to the school today, Thursday, Oct. 11, to check on his girlfriend’s son, and that’s when he was identified and the incident was reported.
Jackson was then confronted by deputies, but he denied owning the weapon. However, his girlfriend told deputies that he did own the gun and it was located at their residence. She then brought it to the school and it matched the description of the one described by witnesses.
It was at this point that Jackson admitted to having the gun at the football game.
Jackson was arrested for Illegal Carrying of a Weapon on School Property, Aggravated Assault and Contributing to the Delinquency of a Juvenile. He was booked into the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison.
Students with information concerning this incident or similar incidents are encouraged to notify a school administrator, contact the East Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Office at 225-389-5000 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at (225) 344- STOP (7867). Students can also text "CS225" plus their message to CRIMES (274637).
<|endofexample|>
The trailer for "How Do You Know," the latest romcom from TV legend James L. Brooks, has arrived and frankly there's not a lot of meat in that sandwich.
Reese Witherspoon is a professional softball player -- though you wouldn't know it from the trailer, Owen Wilson a pitcher for the Washington Nationals and Paul Rudd is a failing businessman facing a possible indictment. And of course, as in most of Brooks' films, Jack Nicholson is in the mix, as Rudd's father.
If you somehow haven't guessed yet, they're the three corners of a love triangle with Witherspoon engaged in some serious self-doubt and navel gazing. Would you believe that she comes to realize that ... no, wait, we don't want to ruin it for you.
In addition to being one of the greatest forces in television history, having helped create "The Mary Tyler Moore Show," "The Simpsons" and "Taxi," Brooks has won three Oscars and earned eight nominations during his intermittent film-making career.
"How Do You Know" marks his first film since the disappointing "Spanglish," starring Adam Sandler, and it doesn't appear to represent a great improvement. But the man is a legend and deserves our respect, so we're hoping we're dead wrong about this one.
"How Do You Know" arrives Dec. 17.
<|endofexample|>
Getty Images
They may be in between "Twilight Saga" movies at the moment – but Kristen Stewart obviously still "Remembers" Robert Pattinson.
They may be in between "Twilight Saga" movies at the moment – but Kristen Stewart obviously still "Remembers" Robert Pattinson.
The "Twilight" beauty hit the red carpet in New York City on Monday night for the premiere of Robert's latest film, "Remember Me."
Wearing tapered camel colored pants, a black top and black leather jacket, Kristen posed for photos on the red carpet solo.
Meanwhile, Robert posed with castmates Emilie de Ravin and Ruby Jerins before heading into the premiere at the Paris Theatre in NYC.
Over the weekend, Robert sat down with Access Hollywood to talk about his new film. And while he didn't discuss his much-talked about relationship with his "Twilight" co-star, he did joke about the opposite sex in general – specifically, one part of the female anatomy.
"Don't talk about vaginas, people are very sensitive about them!" Robert laughed, referring to all the controversy over his recent Details magazine spread where he said he was "allergic to vagina."
"Like, I know it's funny,"."
Related Content from AccessHollywood.com:
VIEW THE PHOTOS: Robert Pattinson - Hollywood's Hottest Vampire!
PLAY IT NOW: Robert Pattinson & His Controversial 'Allergic' Reaction
PLAY IT NOW: Robert Pattinson: 'Remember Me' Doesn't 'Fit In Typical Genres'
MORE ACCESS ON THESE TOPICS: Robert Pattinson - Kristen Stewart - Movies - Emilie De Ravin - Twilight
<|endofexample|>
For brightness, glowworms got nothing on Mr. Green Genes. And for fright factor, neither do black cats. The 6-month-old feline may look like a standard-issue orange tabby in the comfort of daylight, but he turns a ghoulish shade of fluorescent green under the shroud of darkness!
But there’s no need to get spooked; Mr. Green Genes is not a ghastly creation out of a Halloween horror story. The glow-in-the-dark cat is the result of a genetic experiment gone right, not awry; he was cloned at the Audubon Nature Institute in New Orleans to aid endangered species ... and down the line, humans as well.
The phosphorescent feline made his national television debut on TODAY Thursday. The studio went dark and Mr. Green Genes’ ears, nose and eyes glowed under an ultraviolet light.
The green gene
Betsy Dresser, senior vice president for the institute, explained to TODAY’s Amy Robach the process of producing a kitty that strangely glows, but is otherwise as normal as any of its brethren. “Two of our scientists at the center worked together with the Louisiana State University Heath Sciences Center,” Dresser said. “They introduced a gene that would then produce a protein that glowed fluorescent green.”
While it’s certainly a neat scientific parlor trick, Dresser told TODAY the research that led to the glowing cloned Mr. Green Genes is vitally serious — both to combat animal diseases via gene therapy and, later, to increase the possibility of inserting good genes into humans while taking bad genes out.
But to verify that the gene implants were working, scientists needed to try them out on a cat, because the animals have much of the same genetic makeup as humans. And to see if the genes actually made it into the finished, cloned cat, a gene was inserted that produces a fluorescent protein.
“We wanted to know for sure that we could insert this gene into a cell and have it multiply,” Dresser explained. “If nothing glows, we wouldn’t know if the gene was really inserted. So, because it glows, we know we inserted the gene and were successful with that technique.”
The nose glows
While Mr. Green Genes pawed playfully and rolled on his back for handler Kelly Trimble, Dresser explained that all the cat’s skin cells glow with the green fluorescent protein but, because it’s a furry critter, only the eyes, ears and nose display wattage under ultraviolet. “If we were to shave him, he would glow totally,” Dresser told Robach.
Dresser was also quick to note there is nothing cruel and unusual involved in producing a cat that glows in the dark. “It’s totally harmless,” Dresser said. “He’s just a normal cat; he doesn’t know he’s glowing.”
Normal or not, Mr. Green Genes might one day be considered a pioneer and hero in the advancement of genetics. For example, in endangered animal species that carry a gene making them prone to a specific disease, that gene could be pulled out at the embryo stage to give the species a better chance at surviving and prospering.
For mankind, it might lead to new innovations in treating diabetes, Dresser said. “In a diabetic human, there are genes that make insulin. If we can insert genes that make diabetics produce their own insulin, then we hope to stop diabetes.
“It’s helpful to both animals and humans,” she added.
But that’s the future. In the present, Mr. Green Genes can look forward to a normal life — unless he’s exposed to a black light, the secret of his glow is safe.
And Mr. Green Genes’ offspring might have a bright future too, Dresser said. “We’ll breed him and we’ll see if his kids glow, too!”
<|endofexample|>
a
Jake Shimabukuro and his rockin' ukulele will appear at the Grammy Museum on Wednesday, Feb. 20 and The Canyon in Agoura Hills on Thursday, Feb. 21.
What's your favorite song to hear via a ukulele?
It's a question that has a few prisms to it. Much associated with traditional Hawaiian music, even up to a half century ago, the instrument has gone through a number of renaissances, rediscoverings, and cameos in unusual and delightful tunes. Christmas carols, 1920s Tin Pan Alley-type tunes, comedic ditties, and folk-sweet singalongs all regularly incorporate its melodious, string-twangy sounds.
Truly, how many instruments can lay claim to such breadth, as well as a proclivity for the offbeat? Brass? Percussion?
But music sensation -- a term not to be trotted out lightly -- Jake Shimabukuro is taking the guitar-esque icon to new places. New rocking places, we'll add; Van Halen and Queen are on his surprising repertoire.
You can enjoy and potentially be surprised by said repertoire in person, when the internet favorite makes for Southern California. He'll be at the Grammy Museum on Wednesday, Feb. 20 and The Canyon in Agoura Hills on Thursday, Feb. 21.
And, yep, we said "musical sensation" earlier. Here's how we'll qualify that: Mr. Shimabukuro's rendition of "Bohemian Rhapsody" certainly caught the eye and ear of the internet, to the tune of a million+ hits.
<|endofexample|>
AFP/Getty Images
Thanks to a severe storm, Le Petit Monsters in Paris were denied a show from Lady GaGa.
It's a sad day for Parisian "little monsters" after Lady Gaga's concert in Paris has been canceled due to complications arising from a severe storm.
The princess of pop took to Twitter early Sunday morning to vent her frustration, Tweeting, "All 28 of my trucks for the Monsterball [tour] were detained by the French government going on over 26 hrs, 2 of my employees were arrested trying to get into Paris so we could perform.
VIEW Gaga Music Twitter ]
<|endofexample|>
The Road to the White House
As the 2012 presidential campaigns come to a close, president Barack Obama and Governor Mitt Romney rallied for last minute support. Here, voter Dan Pasquarella fills out a ballot in Manchester, New Hampshire. Click through to see great photos of voters in action, the candidates and the long road that led the nation to election day.
The Road to the White House
It's go time and with the 2012 presidential campaigns coming to a close, president Barack Obama and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney rally for last minute support for their bid at the White House.
Please wait. Your gallery will be ready in 5 seconds.
<|endofexample|>
This article was originally distributed via PRWeb. PRWeb, WorldNow and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith.
SOURCE: JoTo PR
Actor Michael Biehn Given Lifetime Badass Award.
TAMPA BAY, FL (PRWEB) March 04, 2013
Downtown St. Petersburg is set to be the location for the 8th Annual Sunscreen Film Festival, to be held April 18-21st. As always Sunscreen is bringing top notch Hollywood talent to the bay area. Sunscreen will be offering Actor Michael Biehn (Terminator, Aliens, Tombstone) the Sunscreen Lifetime Badass Award at the Awards Ceremony on April 20th.
“Michael Biehn has played a lot of great tough guy characters throughout his career. We wanted to go beyond the typical lifetime achievement award and give Michael an award that reflected some of the cool character choices he’s made, and a Lifetime Badass Award just seemed to fit” commented Festival Director Tony Armer.
Additionally Sunscreen will hold a special screening of two of Biehn’s newest films. The Victim written and directed by Michael Biehn was recently released by Anchor Bay Films and the upcoming film, Treachery. Treachery will be an exclusive test screening preview. Both films were produced by Blanc Biehn Productions. Michael Biehn and Jennifer Blanc Biehn also star in both films. Treachery is directed by Travis Romero who co-wrote the USA Network series White Collar. Romero, Producer/Actress Jennifer Blanc Biehn and actor Matthew Ziff will be presenting this special screening and taking part in a filmmaker’s workshop at Sunscreen.
Some of the guests Sunscreen has lined up for this year are:
Michael Biehn (appearance pending schedule confirmation)
Jennifer Blanc-Biehn (The Victim & Treachery)
Travis Romero (co-writer of White Collar and Director of Treachery)
Matthew Ziff (actor, Treachery)
Alexa Vega (Actress, Spy Kids, Machete 2)
Jason Matthew Smith (Actor, Sons of Anarchy, Star Trek,)
Chris “Doc” Wyatt (Producer, Napoleon Dynamite)
Mike Goldberg (Literary Manager, clients include writers of Homeland)
Josh Adler (Literary Manager, clients include writers of Homeland)
Arleen Lopez (Marketing for Pantelion Films a division of Lionsgate)
Rik Swartzwelder (Director, Old Fashioned)
All Films screenings and workshops will be at the Muvico Theaters Baywalk in downtown St. Petersburg. Spanish Language films screening at Muvico will be in the Feathered Serpent Gallery Theater.. Dedicated to the advancement of the arts and sciences of motion pictures, the Academy's corporate management and general policies are overseen by a Board of Governors, which includes representatives from each of the craft branches..
For the original version on PRWeb visit:
<|endofexample|>
NYTimes
The map posted on the NYTimes website shows the way unemployment has impacted the nation county by county.
A map showing unemployment rates across the country gives you a look at a glance at the areas of the country that have been hit the hardest.
The graphic, posted on the NYTimes website, shows San Diego as doing better than neighboring counties Riverside and Imperial.
San Diego’s 7.4% unemployment rate in December 2008 was above the national average.
Riverside county saw 10.4 percent unemployment rate while Imperial County saw a 22.6 percent unemployment rate.
One thing that stands out is that the West Coast has been hit harder than sections of the MidWest.
<|endofexample|>
Photos and Videos
Court officials said Tuesday that the murderer of Chelsea King and Amber Dubois will be sentenced much sooner than was originally scheduled
John Gardner pleaded guilty earlier this month to killing the North County teens. On Tuesday, prosecutors announced he will now be sentenced on May 14, not June first as first scheduled..
A representative for the medical examiner's office, however, said the King and Dubois reports should remain secret because they are "investigative files." The county also claims that "public interest" -- and the families' privacy -- are better served by keeping the reports sealed.
NBCSanDiego will appeal the medical examiner's decision.
<|endofexample|>
2014 Men’s Basketball
Championship
INDIANAPOLIS – The Division II Men’s and Women’s Tennis Committee has released its final women’s tennis rankings for 2011-12. The top teams in each region advance to the preliminary rounds of the 2012 Division II Women’s Tennis Championship.
For team matchups of each region, click on the link for a full bracket.
Atlantic 1 | Atlantic 2 | Central | East 1 | East 2 | Midwest 1 | Midwest 2 | South 1 | South 2
South Central 1 | South Central 2 | Southeast 1 | Southeast 2 | West | Final Site Bracket
<|endofexample|>
Warning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software.
Department of Biological Sciences, University of Maryland, Baltimore, Maryland 21250, USA..
<|endofexample|>
Warning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software.
Department of Cell Biology, Division of Endocrinology, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, 1300 Morris Park Avenue, Bronx, NY 10461, USA. beta oxidation in muscle. Here, we show that the ratio, and not the absolute amounts, between these two oligomeric forms (HMW to LMW) is critical in determining insulin sensitivity. We define a new index, S(A), that can be calculated as the ratio of HMW/(HMW + LMW). db/db mice, despite similar total adiponectin levels, display decreased S(A) values compared with wild type littermates, as do type II diabetic patients compared with insulin-sensitive individuals. Furthermore, S(A) improves with peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma agonist treatment (thiazolidinedione; TZD) in mice and humans. We demonstrate that changes in S(A) in a number of type 2 diabetic cohorts serve as a quantitative indicator of improvements in insulin sensitivity obtained during TZD treatment, whereas changes in total serum adiponectin levels do not correlate well at the individual level. Acute alterations in S(A) (DeltaS(A)).
Your browsing activity is empty.
Activity recording is turned off.
Turn recording back on
National Center for
Biotechnology Information,
U.S. National Library of Medicine
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda
MD, 20894
USA
<|endofexample|>
Current Edition
The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (NC,20120504,EDITION,120509936,AR).
Colorado Big-Thompson water prices surge
Prognosis mixed for health-care premiums
Driven by drought and demand from oil and gas producers, the price tags on Colorado-Big Thompson water sales are four times higher than MORE
Health-care reform is bringing good news for older workers and women, and not-so-good news for younger people and men. MORE
AE’s new solar inverter opens grid
The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (NC,20120504,EDITION,120509936,AR).
FORT COLLINS – Advanced Energy Industries Inc., as part of an innovative federal pilot program, is helping open a new door to the MORE
More breaking news...
Prognosis mixed for health-care premiums
Health insurance premiums for older Americans and women are likely to decrease next year when historic
<|endofexample|>
Purpose: This procedure briefly describes the steps necessary to certify providers of outpatient physical therapy, speech pathology services, or occupational therapy. The federal requirements can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) at 42 CFR 485.703-485.729
Contacts: For questions regarding any part of this process, please contact the appropriate section of the N.C. Division of Health Service Regulation:
Procedures:
<|endofexample|>
Question & Answer with Tom Watson
About Tom Watson
Pebble Beach was the perfect setting for an interview with hall-of-fame golfer Tom Watson. Almost 25 years removed from his U.S. Open triumph over Jack Nicklaus, the 57-year-old looked at home in Northern California.
From the mid ‘70s through the early ‘80s, Watson was the gold standard of golf. Refusing to play second fiddle to Nicklaus, the short game wizard evolved into one of the Golden Bear’s greatest challengers and arguably the best champion the British Open has ever seen.
The Kansas resident rekindled some of his magic by tying for 19th in February at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am (first top-20 finish on tour since 2003) along with a second-place finish in the pro-am team competition with son Michael.
With family in tow, it wasn’t all business during Watson’s visit to the Peninsula. The understated Midwesterner took time to reminisce about his days at Stanford, take pictures of his son playing Pebble Beach and discuss his “good timing” that led to one of the most storied careers in the history of the game. -Hilary Howard
You were a psychology major and in a fraternity at Stanford. Did you have a fairly normal college experience despite the golf demands?
We went to college during the Vietnam War and all the turmoil. College at that time wasn’t very smooth with all the issues that were going on — the civil rights movement, the Vietnam War. It was a turbulent time. There were some wonderful times and some trying times in those college years.
What were your expectations when you turned professional?
All I had was a dream. My dream was to play professional golf as a winner. When I first started, I understood that there were a series of steps that I had to take to learn how to win. It took me a while to learn how to do that. One of the things I did a lot of was practice, probably more than just about anybody out here.
Talk about the importance of Byron Nelson to your development.
Byron was a great friend. He was a mentor, father figure if you will in certain respects and a very close personal friend in other respects. The relationship was a two-way street. One of the things he showed me was how to be a person who looks at life as a glass half-full; to understand that life is too short to go through with any animosity. I think that is one of the best lessons I learned from Byron.
How important is Pebble Beach to you?
My dreams really came true right here at Pebble Beach. Any kid who wants to become a professional dreams about playing against the best. Back in those days, I wanted to play against Jack Nicklaus and beat him. And as a student at Stanford, I had the opportunity to come down and play Pebble Beach, probably about a dozen times during my four years. I always played a little game with myself the last four holes here at Pebble Beach. I got to the 15th tee and I’d say, “All right I’ve got to par in to win the U.S. Open against Jack Nicklaus.” In 1982, that happened.
Describe the chip-in on the 17th hole at Pebble Beach.
Well the chip-in was lucky. People watch sports to see moments like that happen. When it went in it took me from a bad position to a good position. I had a chance to win the tournament I wanted to win the most – our national open. I birdied the last hole to win by two, but that gave me the cushion to go to the last hole with the knowledge that if I made par, I’d win.
Was that chip-in really lucky?
Let me put it this way. Any time you chip it from off the green there is an element of luck. It bounced the right way. On the other hand, I hit it exactly the way I wanted to………broke Jack’s heart.
When you play that hole now, do you still think about that chip?
I think about it because other people always talk about it. I was out there with my son during a practice round at the AT&T. He wanted to see where I chipped it in from and take some pictures. I took pictures of him trying the shot. I’m pretty happy being here playing with my son and showing him Pebble Beach and specifically, the places where I hit the ball.
What do you remember most about the weekend of your duel with Jack Nicklaus at the 1977 British Open?
That weekend was a weekend of warmth. It was a hot Scottish sun. There was a bunch of sunburned Scots out there following us around. A lot of dust — the golf course was dry, not very much rough. But it was a challenge. It ended up that what we did was something very special to my career. To have beaten the best when he was playing nearly his best —it was one of things I had dreamt about.
What was it about the British Open that brought out the best in your game?
Editor’s note: Watson won five British Opens from 1975-83.
I think a lot of it had to do with timing. Life is all about timing. I was usually playing pretty well when I played the British Open. I always had the ability to hit the ball the right distance. It’s harder to hit the ball the right distances on links courses. That was one of my strengths. I hit the ball pretty solidly when I was on and I could control the ball that way.
Are you going back to Carnoustie in July to compete in the Open Championship?
I’m not; my daughter is getting married on the July 21. I’m going to walk her down the aisle on that Saturday of the Open Championship weekend. I will be thinking maybe a little bit about it. I won’t tell her that, though.
Which do you think was your better shot, the chip-in or the 7-iron on the 72nd hole at Turnberry?
They both meant winning a championship. I still had some work left to do after both of them. I had to par the 18th at Pebble and I had to make that 2 ½ -foot putt after Jack made the 40-footer to put pressure on me at Turnberry.
Were you aware of Nicklaus’ predicament on the approach shot at Turnberry?
Very much so. I went over and looked at his lie for his approach and he had a terrible lie. He was going to be very fortunate just to get the ball on the green. But as Jack could do, he could pull the great shots out when he needed to. There must have been a ½ – yard of sod that came out with that swing. It was an amazing shot.
Nicklaus finished runner-up in four of your eight majors. Describe your relationship with him.
Jack and I are good friends. We’ve gotten to know each other over the years and have become close friends. It’s always good to be with him and Barbara. Barbara is a wonderful woman and she keeps Jack in line.
How would you compare Jack in his prime versus Tiger?
Well, I think Tiger is probably better than Jack at this point. Jack dominated the game but not to the extent that Tiger has. You have to give the nod to Tiger at this point.
Talk about your former caddie, Bruce Edwards.
Bruce was in the parking lot in St. Louis in 1973 and I was looking for a caddie and he was looking for a job. That’s how we hooked up. He asked me for the job and I said, “All right.” We finished sixth that week and he asked to caddie for me the rest of the year. I said, “Let’s just try it week-by-week and see what happens.” He caddied for me for more than 30 years.
How special was the 2003 U.S. Open with him on the bag?
He contracted ALS in 2002 and caddied for me until the fall of 2003. During that time, I played in the U.S. Open at Olympia Fields in Chicago. I had a magical first round and shot 65 for the first-round lead. It was time to make Bruce’s illness known to the world. It was time for us to ask for help.
How important is your work for ALS?
It’s still very tough to tell people when they contract the disease that there’s no cure and there’s nothing we can do right now to slow down the disease. One of these days we’ll have it – something to slow it down. Maybe a combination of drugs – maybe the human genome project which was just completed in December where they identified 53 gene-dependant deficiencies in ALS patients.
What do you think of the FedEx Cup?
I think it’s wonderful for the pros and hope that it remains the same for the Tour in making the season shorter. One of the things the Tour needs to realize is that the sponsors need the players to play in their tournaments. If you have too many tournaments not all the best players are going to play. Some tournaments are going to have weaker fields. That has always been an issue. I hope that the FedEx Cup and the points’ race will alleviate some of it.
With square drivers and other technological advances, do you think the art of working the ball has been lost?
Well the golf ball doesn’t curve much so the art is lost but you still have to make the ball move. You have to know how to make it move and trust it to move.
Why do you think you were successful as a Ryder Cup captain?
I got lucky. It was just luck. The Ryder Cup captain doesn’t do anything. He just chooses the teams. It’s not the captain who wins the matches; it’s the players on the teams.
Talk about your involvement with the design of Spanish Bay.
Well that was a wonderful start. That was the first golf course I was involved with as a designer with Robert Trent Jones, Jr. and Sandy Tatum. I learned a lot because it was brand new to me, but I always had the desire to draw and to design golf holes ever since I was in the fourth grade.
What advice would you give to amateurs to improve their short game?
Be on your left (front) foot as you hit the ball.
How do you feel about your game now?
After watching the kids hit it on the practice range I feel…what’s the right term, insufficient. These kids hit the ball so far it’s unbelievable. Of course it really does help to hit the ball high and far on these golf courses, especially at Poppy Hills and Spyglass.
You once said, “If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.” Can you explain that?
If you fail and you don’t want to immediately find out why you failed, you’re probably never going to be a success. Failure breeds success in the right type of personalities. They did a survey of the top 500 Fortune 500 CEOs, I think it was 15-20 years ago, and one of most memorable experiences that these CEOs had was that the majority of them were cut from a team. They were told they weren’t good enough. That’s a failure. But they proved that they could be good enough in other ways. Failure is a great instigator for success.
I am very interested in being able to somehow contact Mr Watson through an email address…is that possible?….I have a conceptual product that I would like for him to “look at” and possible evaluate….this concept has the possible potential to create a huge opportunity in the golf world…..at least that is my opinion….
Regards;
P.SimmsApril 14th, 2009 at 11:29 am
St.Johns, Newfoundand , Canada
I met Tom and his wife at a wedding at the Chesapeake Bay Beach Club a couple of months ago….What a gentleman, just goes to prove about golf is a game for good people….He did take time to sign my golf hat which I will keep in my golf room forever….February 8th, 2010 at 6:34 pm
<|endofexample|>
- 101 Fresh FM
- 98.1 Hot FM
- About
- Advertising
- Archives
- Gallery
- Guides
- Jobs
- Live TV Stream
- Our Numbers
- Sample Page
- TV Guide
- Video
- Video Gallery
- Videos
- Voice of Guyana
Pages:
- May 2013
- April 2013
- March 2013
- February 2013
- January 2013
- December 2012
- November 2012
- October 2012
- September 2012
- August 2012
- July 2012
By Month:
- Agriculture
- Budget
- Business
- Christmas
- Commission of Inquiry
- Crime
- Education
- Entertainment
- Environment
- Health & Fitness
- Lifestyle
- Local
- Mashramani
- Parliament 2012
- Parliament 2013
- Politics
- Regional
- Sports
- Technology
- Top Featured
- Top News
- Tourism
- Uncategorized
- World
By Category:
Some users like to browse Article Archives
- Entire Caribbean Airlines Board of Directors replaced
- Opposition efforts to remove Gov’t from office knows no boundaries – Dr. Luncheon
- The office of the US Trade representative warns Barbados and Trinidad about copyright infringement
- Eight persons are in police custody for possession of improvised shotguns and a multi-million dollar bogus cheque
- NFC targeting young parents through parental education
- Moco Moco Bridge in Region 9 collapses
- NAACIE today called for the restoration of funding removed from the national 2013 budget intended for GPL
- GuySuCo workers to receive outstanding payments
- Venezuelan Opposition TV channel Globovision has been sold and will change its editorial line
- Twenty four year old Sharana Somwaru is reportedly missing
- A UN ECLAC report states that Guyana earned 294 million US dollars through FDI in 2012
- Gov’t rejects Opposition’s notion that financial architecture of judiciary is manipulative
- GECOM registers over 27, 000 new persons
- Local Gov’t Ministry donates garbage truck, compactors to City council
- Learning Channel broadens scope – Moraikobai residents begin benefitting
- Dr. Faith Harding supports construction of specialty hospital
- Home Affairs Ministry enhances move to combat drug trafficking
- Guyana making strides in ceasing use of mercury
- Blackberry expands BBM chat app to Android and iOS
- Officer dismissed following conclusion of court martial
- WICB has in store a packed season of regional age-group cricket
- Usain Bolt announces that he will compete at the Diamond League meeting in Zurich in August
- 25 year old final year Kenyan medical student allegedly commits suicide in Grenada
- Six men remanded for alleged beating to death of a thief at Corentyne, Berbice
- The GPF is reporting a decrease in serious crime in comparison to the corresponding period in 2012
- President Donald Ramotar calls for a collective approach to address financial crimes legislation
- Mayor’s decision to encourage illegal vending shows disregard for the law – Local Government Ministry
- Essequibo man remanded for allegedly having sex with 8 year old grand-daughter
- Gold declaration increased by 12% so far for 2013
- President is no rubber stamp of the National Assembly – AG
- The Jamaican government is investing 200 million US dollars in the construction of a health facility
- Government approaches Air China and two US Airlines to land flights locally
- US Vice President scheduled to visit Trinidad to meet CARICOM leaders
- Make Guyana proud – President encourages students sitting CXC
- UK based company teams up with Guyana to provide eco –friendly homes
- GPL appeals to customers to take precautions during rainy season
- New age for nursery school entry as of September 2014
- Five homeless after a fire destroyed a two story wooden and concrete house
- Media must help in curbing violence
- Couple found shot to death in car
- Charred remains of Cambio proprietor, wife found in East Coast home
- Gov’t to address community drainage systems in light of overtopping -HPS
- Caribbean Airlines’ flag carrier status moving apace
- Court case against Former President adjourned following ‘no show ’of plaintiff
- Mayor, Town Clerk take opposing sides on vending in city
<|endofexample|>
Location: Portland, Oregon
Date Posted: 05/15/2013
We are a well established clinic in SE Portland with a room to share part-time. It is a great opportunity for an experienced Dr to move in with an established practice, or a new physician who is ready to grow their practice rapidly. We offer full administrative staff.
Natural Choices Health Clinic Contact Information: Contact Name: Jenny Tufenkian, Phone: (503)708-7937 Email: jt@naturalchoicesclinic.com
Website:
Location: @ SE 122nd Ave, OR
Date Posted: 05/16/2013
We have two rooms available in our office that is a converted house with a relaxed feel. One room is approx 9×11 and the other is 18×19. You can use one or both. The waiting area is shared. All utilities and internet access is included. Currently, we have a chiropractor and massage therapist and are looking for another practitioner. We are
read more »
Location: Spokane, WA
Date Posted: 05/09/2013
Established practice in Spokane’s South Hill, seeking associate ND and other allied health care specialties. Office focused on functional endocrinology, gastroenterology, but also general family medicine. Seeking new grad or doctor looking to relocate. Great opportunity to start seeing patients in an established practice, provide mentoring, and co-management of cases. Compensation will be based on percentage. This is not a salaried position.
Contact David
Location: Portland, OR
Date Posted: 05/08/2013
Hello!
We are looking for an acupuncturist and herbalist to join our downtown women’s health practice. Must be experienced in herbal formulation with granules. Also, should be comfortable treating women’s health and pregnancy.
An ideal candidate is outgoing, self-motivated, and passionate about community outreach and education. We are working with an outstanding consulting groups and will provide you with the tools and education to
Location: Bonney Lake, WA
Date Posted: 05/05/2013
Balanced Living Therapy Center is a multidisciplinary therapy center, seeking to add another healing practitioner. We are a collection of sole proprietors sharing space, with a common goal to offer alternative forms of medicine for holistic wellness.
We are located in a beautiful house that has been converted to medical office space, nice spacious waiting room, reception area, multiple rooms, private office
Location: Missoula, MT
Date Posted: 05/03/2013
This is a very busy ND office in Missoula Montana. We find ourselves short of staff mid-May through mid-August. If you have need of a summer job and want to learn how to run a busy clinical practice, and perhaps do some preceptoring, this might be for you. Compensation is from $13-15 per hour. 20-30 hours per week. You will need to find your
Location: Kenmore, WA
Date Posted: 05/02/2013
Bastyr University has an opportunity for a Teaching Fellow in our School of Naturopathic Medicine, to develop an understanding of the course material and to develop skills as a teacher. This person will explore a variety of teaching methodologies and perform specific projects as assigned by the Associate Dean. Candidates must be eligible and able to obtain a license to practice naturopathic medicine in
Location: 17675 NW Cornell Road, Oregon
WELLNESS CENTER MANAGER
We are an upscale independent grocer seeking an individual that has previous experience and or background/familiarity with natural foods, natural products, vitamins and supplements. to manage our newly opened wellness center.
Position : Perform all functions relating to the management and maintenance of a wellness department and to assure that all objectives and goals of the department and
Location: Boulder, CO
Southwest Acupuncture College, is seeking an addition to its academic leadership team in Boulder, CO. Southwest Acupuncture College is a classical school of Oriental medicine offering a professional degree program leading to a Master of Science in Oriental Medicine (M.S.O.M.) and Master of Science in Acupuncture (M.S. Ac.). With the primary responsibility of educating independent healthcare providers, our foremost goal is to provide excellence
Location: WESTBURY, NEW YORK
Date Posted: 04/30/2013
We are seeking a full-time Nutritionist/Naturopathic Dr. to be a part of the company’s growing team to conduct consultations in a retail environment at our Manhattan location.
Our company’s total commitment to your health is demonstrated by our science-based formulas, pharmaceutical-grade ingredients, clear easy-access information, and our unparalleled personalized service.
The ideal candidate must have at least a BS or MS in Nutrition
<|endofexample|>
Peggy taught middle and high school English, drama and speech for 15 years before becoming an associate professor of English and Literacy Education at Georgia State University in Atlanta. Peggy has published widely in professional literacy journals, and also has co-authored a book entitled Telling Pieces: Art as Literacy in Middle Grades Classes with Sharon Murphy. Her newest book, Finding the Artist Within: Creating and Reading Visual Texts in the English Language Arts Classroom (IRA), focuses on the integration of the visual arts and technology into English language arts instruction. She is a well-known writer, past editor of Talking Points, and presenter and researcher in literacy and English education.
View Peggy Albers' Resume/Vita, Publications and Workshops.
Level: K-16
With 28 years of experience as an educator committed to multimodal literacy, critical and adolescent literacy, and social justice, Peggy offers a variety of workshops to help teachers and administrators implement theoretically-grounded English language arts and literacy strategies that incorporate technology and multimedia, and support all learners. Choose one of the workshops described below or contact us to have Dr. Albers deliver a customized workshop that meets the particular needs of the educators in your school.
Content Area Literacy: Reading for Meaning (Grades 3-12.
Project Media: Creating Strong Technology-Rich Presentations and Materials (Grades 3-12/ESOL)In this workshop, teachers learn how to work with PowerPoint, Publisher, and Windows Movie Maker as tools for creating rich presentations and publications on a range of topics. Teachers will learn how to insert images, sounds, music, special effects, and also learn how to create written text that is to the point, professionally presented, and entertaining!
See an example of one of Peggy’s Publisher documents created for Zora Neale Hurston’s Their Eyes Were Watching God.
Becoming Critical Literacy Educators or What’s Critical in Critical Conversations? (Grades K-12)In this workshop, teachers are introduced to critical literacy and its significance in English language arts curriculum. Through participatory demonstrations, teachers will learn to read a range of texts critically, from language-, art-, film-, music-, to drama-based texts.
See sample slides from her workshop presentation on critical literacy.
Multimodality and the Art in Curriculum Design (Grades K-12/ESOL
<|endofexample|>
Issue Theme: In Support of Teaching... In Support of Learning...
Thoughts from the Editors: Supporting Teaching and Learning in Literacy Education
Abstract:
Abstract for this article is currently not available.
Keywords: Elementary
School Leadership Teams: Extending the Reach of School Based Literacy Coaches
Denise N. Morgan and Christy M. Clonts with the Swansea Primary School Leadership Team
Abstract: article describes one way to structure professional development work with these teams and highlights one school leadership team’s journey with their faculty as they begin working towards transforming the way their work with one another and their students.
Keywords: Elementary, Assessment, Literacy
Exchanging Assessment for Accountability: The Implications of High-stakes Reading Assessments for English Learners
Laura Alvarez and Jennifer Corn
Abstract:
During the 2004-05 school year, Parkview Elementary School experienced a dramatic shift from a focus on authentic assessment and responsive, individualized teaching to a one-size-fits-all approach to literacy assessment and instruction. In an effort to boost test scores, the district mandated the use of Open Court Reading, a scripted language arts program, and an accompanying assessment system.
Keywords: Elementary, Assessment, Literacy, Pedagogy, Standards
Community Collaboration Using a Unique Gallery as a Literacy Resource
Anita N. Voelker
Abstract:
According to van der Pluijm (2006), an ecological community occurs when interacting groups, living in the same area, are joined together by the set of connections. This definition implies a symbiotic relationships and the acknowledgment that what affects one member or part of the community also affects the others. When the interconnections are overlooked, resources are under-utilized or become tainted.
Keywords: Elementary, Literacy, Media Studies / Journalism, Pedagogy, School-Community Relation
Focus on Policy: Understanding Policy for Equity in Teaching and Learning: A Critical–Historical Lens
Lilia I. Bartolomé
Abstract:
This invited Research Directions article, focusing on the case of English-Only policies, helps education professionals understand the value of a critical- historical lens for analyzing and developing equitable approaches for initiating changes that will benefit all children.
Keywords: Elementary, Diversity, Language, Research
Research Directions: Teacher Research and Learning Communities: A Failure to Theorize Power Relations?
Kathryn Herr and Gary L. Anderson
Abstract:
The authors explore three main sources of theoretical framing for action research in schools: approaches informed by cognitive theories of individual, professional and organizational learning, largely from the field of psychology.
Keywords: Elementary, Language, Literacy, Pedagogy, Research
Profiles and Perspectives: Learning about Literacies through Descriptive Inquiry
Laura Ascenzi-Moreno, Cecilia Espinosa, Sarah Ferhold, Michael Loeb, Berky Lugo-Salcedo, and Cecelia Traugh
Abstract:
In this article, we present how work through a collaborative descriptive inquiry group broadened our understanding of bilingual children’s literacy as well as the literacy practices we fashion in order to support their development.
Keywords: Elementary, Diversity, Language, Literacy, Pedagogy, School-Community Relation
Professional Book Reviews: Expanding Our Learning, Changing Our Teaching
Mary C. Brennan, Fred Burton, Robin Holland, Carmen Medina, Peggy S. Oxley, and Allison Volz
Abstract:
For this themed issue, In Support of Teaching...In Support of Learning..., the editors of Language Arts invited a group of current and former classroom teachers to contribute to the professional book reviews department.
Keywords: Elementary, Literature, Pedagogy
Children's Literature Review: Books That Focus on Learning and Teaching
Detra Price-Dennis, Chad Schneider, Jamilla Smith, Eun Hye Son, and Barbara Z. Kiefer
Abstract:
Reading books that highlight teaching and learning in a variety of contexts provide opportunities for self reflection and community dialogue. They uphold or serve as the foundation for conversations and responses to stories that engage us and enrich our imagination.
Keywords: Elementary, Literature
In Closing...The School Custodian
J. Patrick Lewis
Abstract:
This poem, by J. Patrick Lewis, reminds us how all members of our school communities can draw on personal experiences to be both teachers and learners.
Keywords: Elementary, Literature, Pedagogy, School-Community
<|endofexample|>
The Judicial Conference was called to order at 2:00 p.m. on June 14, 2007. Roll call was taken.
Judges of Supreme Court
Dale V. Sandstrom
Mary Muehlen Maring
Carol Ronning Kapsner
Daniel J. Crothers
There were 25 members present. Since a quorum was not present, it was determined that the business portion of the conference could not proceed.
Discussion ensued as to how to avoid a lack of a quorum at future Judicial Conferences. There were suggestions that the definition of a quorum be changed in the bylaws to exclude counting surrogate judges or to only include a majority of district court judges or quorum of district judges.
Chair Maring indicated that she would call a meeting of the Executive Committee to discuss the issue and invited all members of the Judicial Conference to submit their suggestions.
Chair Maring then called on Jim Ganje to provide a legislative update.
Following the legislative update, Judge Wefald noted that as chair of the Legislative Committee he had appeared before the legislature and opposed the bill that would have required a PSI before a defendant could be sentenced on a revocation of probation. He said the legislature was receptive to his testimony on this bill and on others. It was noted by Jim Ganje that Representive Shirley Meyer has been appointed as chair of the Judicial Process Committee. Senator Fieberger was appointed as vice-chair.
There being no further discussion, the gathering was ended at 2:45 p.m.
Respectfully submitted,
Sally Holewa
State Court Administrator
Executive Secretary to the Judicial Conference
<|endofexample|>
Access 2010: Part One
Please attend "Access 2010: Database Essentials for New Users" before this session if you've never used Access, or if you've used it very little.
Microsoft Access is a powerful database program you can use to store all kinds of information from a simple list of contacts to an inventory catalog with tens of thousands of products. Once information is stored in an Access database, it's easy to find, analyze, and print your data!
In this 6 hour (2-day) class you'll learn more of the basic skills and you'll learn how to design, build, and manage a database and your data.
At the end of this class you will:
- Be able to design and build a simple database and create tables to store the data
- Understand and create the necessary relationships between your tables to take advantage of the full power of a relational database system
- Be able to navigate, edit, and delete data in your tables
- Be able to create queries to extract exactly the information you need, when you need it
- Be able to design useable forms for data entry and/or inquiry
- Be able to generate reports for printing or on-screen display
Prerequisites: Completion of "Access 2010: Database Essentials for New Users" or previous use of Access.
<|endofexample|>
Promoting Physical Fitness for Grades 6-8
Classroom Resources that Reinforce the Benefits of Physical Fitness
Get active, stay fit and have fun doing it with sports, games, and activities described in the following lesson plans and resources.
Lesson Plans
Survivor Island Field Day
Students in grades K-6 use teamwork and leadership skills to complete nine cooperative challenges.
The Playground Workout: How to Play Children's Games and Lose Fat, Build Amazing Conditioning, and Maybe Just Feel Young Forever
Students in grades 3-12 can get fit with two workouts comprising four exercises developing coordination, speed, and endurance. Good for circuit training
Orienteering Scavenger Hunt
Students in grades 6-12 use a compass to reach multiple checkpoints.
Discovery Pacing
Students in grades 6-12 work with a partner to discover strategies for pacing themselves when running longer distances.
Ultimate Sponge Ball
Students in grades 7-12 play in teams of 4-8 to move a sponge ball to the opposing side’s goal.
Lesson Plan Collections
PE Central: Lesson Plans for Physical Education Teachers
A collection of more than 2000 K-12 health and physical education lessons and assessment ideas.
Games Kids Play
This site gives instructions for hundreds of outdoor activities. Included are traditional games and jump rope rhymes.
Playground games in England
Some of these playground games are familiar. Some like Conkers and Please Mr. Crocodile are not.
Cooperative Games: The Ultimate Camp Resource
72 games that encourage teamwork and active participation from everyone.
Tools
Today in Sport
Events, birthdays and deaths in sport for every day in history from a wide variety of sports.
Sports Coaching Skills
Videos and animations demonstrate 1,000s of coaching drills. Free membership and registration for individual sports.
- Sports Rules
- Sport Dictionary - Sports Terms and Definitions
- Sports Nutrition
- A Guide to Eating for Sports
- Sports Nutrition Guidelines for the Vegetarian
Books
Find these materials online:
Cross-Curricular Connections with Sports
Books connecting sports to other disciplines for students in grades 2-12.
Sports Encyclopedia North America
Edited by John D. Windhausen
Sports in North America. A Documentary History
Find these reading materials at your school or local library:
- Children's Games in Street and Playground: Chasing, Catching, Seeking, Hunting, Racing, Dueling, Exerting, Daring, Guessing, Acting, and Pretending
By Iona and Peter Opie
Floris Books (January 2009)
- Children's Games with Things: Marbles, Fivestones, Throwing and Catching, Gambling, Hopscotch, Chucking and Pitching, Ball-Bouncing, Skipping, Tops and Tipcat
By Iona and Peter Opie
Oxford University Press, USA (April 23, 1998)
- The Lore of the Playground: One Hundred Years of Children's Games, Rhymes and Traditions
By Steve Roud
Random House UK (November 1, 2010)
- The New Games
By New Games Foundation
Main Street Books (September 8, 1976)
- More New Games
By New games Foundation
Main Street Books (September 9, 1981)
- Best New Games
By Dale Lefevre
Human Kinetics; 1 edition (November 5, 2001)
- Kick the Can, and over 800 Other Active Games and Sports for All Ages
By Darwin Hindman
Pearson Prentice Hall (March 1978)
Multimedia
- Children’s Games: Complete Painting by Pieter Bruegel the Elder (circa 1560)
- Children's Games: Details from Pieter Brueghel's Painting (circa 1560)
- Opie Collection of Children's Games and Songs
Audio recordings of familiar and unfamiliar children's games and songs.
- Baseball: A Film by Ken Burns (1380 minutes)
<|endofexample|>
Delaware Township Volunteer Ambulance Corp (DTVAC) and Pike County Advanced Life Support (PCALS) were both awarded Pocono Medical Center’s STEMI Cup Award for an emergency incident that occurred in January of 2012 in which a patient had a heart attack in the Pocono Mountain Lake Forest Community.
The award was presented by Dr. Peter Favini, Director of Pocono Medical Center’s Emergency Medicine Department and Medical Director for both EMS organizations during a presentation at the Annual Pocono EMS Conference on October 20, 2012.
The ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) award was given to these organizations for its role in the "door to balloon angioplasty" time of 28 minutes. It is the fastest time for Pocono Medical Center in the 2011-2012 reporting year.
Door-to-balloon is a time measurement in emergency cardiac care, specifically in the treatment of a STEMI, "heart attack". The interval starts with the patient’s arrival in the emergency department, and ends when a catheter guide wire crosses the heart blockage in the cardiac catherization lab. The lower the "door-to- balloon" time, the less muscle damage to the heart.
This time was significantly reduced because of the quick recognition of a STEMI on the cardiac monitor by the EMS crews and quick transport time. The hospital’s cardiac catheterization team was notified and activated before the EMS crew left the patient’s home and the catheterization team was waiting for the patient upon ambulance arrival at the emergency room.
Pocono Medical Center (PMC) has worked closely with EMS services in order to improve EMS notification times, subsequently reducing their door to balloon times. PMC hasreceived national recognition for superior patient outcomes and for providing world-class service in cardiac cases.
For more information on DTVAC visit or call (570) 828-2345 and for more information on PCALS visit or call (855) PIKE-ALS.
<|endofexample|>
Order Online or by Phone 0845 262 3145Mon to Fri 9 - 5.30 | Sat 9 - 5 | Sun Closed
FREE UK Standard Delivery on all orders over £40
Latin name - Cinnamomum zeylanicum.
*Food doses of these culinary herbs and spices is acceptable; avoid in larger theraputic doses.
<|endofexample|>
A pair of Nebraska Wesleyan University student-athletes were among the 58 in the nation in all divisions selected to receive a $7,500 postgraduate scholarship from the NCAA for the Winter 2008 sports season.
Women’s track athlete Holly Andrews (Sr., Seward, Neb., Seward High School) has a 3.99 cumulative GPA, majoring in Exercise Science. Andrews is a two-time NCAA III All-American in the hurdles. She placed third in the 55-meter hurdles at the 2008 Indoor Championships in March setting a new NWU school record. She was the 60-meter champion and set a new meet record at the 2008 GPAC Indoor Championships. This past indoor season Andrews was named the NCAA Central Region Athlete-of-the-Year. She is a 12-time All-GPAC performer and currently has the fastest time in the 100-meter hurdles in the conference. Andrews plans to enter the Occupational Therapy Program at The University of South Dakota this fall.
Men’s track athlete Evan Knight (Sr., Keystone, Neb., Ogallala High School) has a 3.99 cumulative GPA, with a double major in History and Spanish. Knight is a six-time All-American at NWU. He was a member of the 2005 NCAA III Indoor National Champion Distance medley relay team. He also was the national runner-up in the 800 at the 2006 DIII NCAA Indoor Championships and was the 2006 Central Region Athlete-of-the-Year. He is an 11-time All-GPAC performer and is a two-time Academic All-American. Knight will be studying Arabic in Tunis, Tunisia this summer and intends to pursue a doctorate in Spanish civilization and culture.
Nebraska Wesleyan now has 35 athletes that have earned NCAA Postgraduate Scholarships, which is fourth among Division III schools, passing Johns Hopkins and MIT. View List
NWU was one of eight schools in all divisions with more than one scholarship winner. The other schools with multiple winners were Division I Stanford, Missouri, Florida, Michigan and the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Division II Clarion and Division III Gustavus Adolphus.
To qualify for an NCAA postgraduate scholarship, a student-athlete must meet minimum GPA requirements and
<|endofexample|>
Heroes and Villains Pack Out Now on 360!
The Heroes and Villains Pack is now available to download on Xbox Live!
The H&V Pack contains all three pre-order packs: Most Wanted, Carbon, and Underground. All three have unique cars and challenge series, so whether you loved the BMW from Most Wanted, or the 370Z in Underground, you can now have them in The Run!
This is especially great for those that ordered one pre-order pack, but still wanted the others too. Now they’re all available!
Coupled with the Heroes and Villains is the fact that you can upgrade to the Limited Edition content as well.
Whether you’ve been dying to drive the Lamborghini Aventador, Camaro ZL1, or new Porsche 911 Carrera S, they’re all yours when you download it!
The Heroes and Villains pack is already available for PlayStation, so both 360 and PS3 players can get it today!
If payment options is the problem, we could do stuff like nfsw( PayPal, game cards, etc.).
Von KEVHOUST0 (PC) übermittelt (Fre, 2012-03-16 07:02).
yes نعم
Von safy-17 übermittelt (Son, 2012-03-11 08:09).
Vreau sa jok
Von Ryka1991 übermittelt (Sam, 2012-03-10 15:21).
There is no charge no fun for PC players again... What a pity.
I'm getting sad as time goes on for became a PC owner. NFS series loosing their own fans because of this, everytime i follow this news, updates etc... But everything all just for PS3 and XBOX players.
I'm a very big fan of this Need for Speed series since been first NFS game released in past, I bought licensed stuff everytime through. And I know all the players either.
So don't we deserve to get those updates and packs ?
Thanks.
Von Act2Sgn (PC) übermittelt (Mit, 2012-03-07 12:58).
As usual , all the dlc go straight to ps3 and xbox. S o that means that pc players are left out again. what a rip.
Von sgtskd (PC) übermittelt (Son, 2012-03-04 06:31).
fixe
Von cacmb übermittelt (Sam, 2012-03-03 12:46).
that is a shock, no pc update I would have never guessed.
Von sgtskd (PC) übermittelt (Don, 2012-03-01 18:13).
Hey guys, Any chance that EA could make this available to us PC Gamers. We would all really appreciate it. If there is a download cost, I'm, certain that most of us would have no complaints about paying it in order to receive the upgrade of all three pre-order packs content. I understand that develpement work is not free. Please, please don't forget about us PC gamers, we are just as loyal as any console player could ever could imagine to be. We spend real cash on NFS The Run game, also. Also love the game, PLease have some more Friday Gaming nights with us on PC. I think you just caught most of the community of guard with the First gaming night you had with us Drew. Please give us a little more warning about Friday Gaming Night with PC. Thanks, nfsuGARY
Von nfsugary (PC) übermittelt (Don, 2012-03-01 00:56).
i agree aswell.
id also like to see a copy of the manual independant of in game as it makes it hard to learn the controls that are quite restrictive on pc KB
Von LOTRFAN703 übermittelt (Don, 2012-03-01 22:44).
Thanks for the feedback and continued support! At this time there are no updates regarding PC, but be sure to check the blog for any news.
As for Friday Gaming Sessions, we try to have at least one member of the team on each platform. In our blog post we'll have all the info on who will be online, and when :)
Von nfspetra übermittelt (Don, 2012-03-01 16:25).
<|endofexample|>
We put the Home back in Funeral Home
Welcome Fournier Funeral Home's families. We are confident we have the facility, staff and reputation to offer a seamless transition.
Proudly serving Wilton and the surrounding communities of Amherst, Brookline, Greenfield, Greenville, Hollis, Lyndeborough, Mason, Milford, Mont Vernon, New Ipswich, and Temple.
We are family-owned and operated, and committed to serving you and your family with caring and compassion.
Offering Traditional, Non-traditional, Green services and Cremations.
Serving all faiths.
<|endofexample|>
Average WholesalePropane Prices in Nebraska
Analysis
The average wholesale propane price on March 13, 2006, had fallen nearly two cents from the previous week to 92 cents per gallon (see the table at the end of this report). The graph below shows the spread in Nebraska prices from month to month and from this year compared to previous years. This week's average price was three cents (or three percent) higher than the price at this time last year.
Other
states in the Midwest Region had comparable wholesale prices ranging from 86 cents to 97 cents per gallon with the region averaging 93 cents. States adjacent to Nebraska, such as Kansas, South Dakota, Iowa, and Missouri, had prices of 90, 94, 93, and 92 cents, respectively.
With 11.5 million barrels on March 10, the Midwest Region inventory level was above, Washington, DC. Nebraska Energy Office, Lincoln, NE.
Note: NA = Not Available
This report was updated on March 22, 2006. Typically, there is one week between updates during the heating season.
Energy Statistics Home |
|
Archive
|
Conversion Chart
| Glossary
<|endofexample|>
OUR BLOG
Most Shared Posts
Find Us on Facebook!
Author Archives: Autumn
Magento Categories and Products Per Store
Introduction I wanted to write this week about how the “Store View” can have an effect on Product and Category data. I thought this was a good time to throw this in so everyone understands that you have to switch … 
Special Feature in Magento to Allow Different Pricing per Product
I had a client this week that had a small problem, so I thought I would write about that this week. We all have pricing per products in our stores, but this client had a special need to want to … 
Posted in Blog Leave a comment
Managing Categories in Magento
The next tab in our menu is “Manage Categories”… so that will be our topic this week. I also wanted to let everyone know, please feel free to ask me any questions you may have, either in a comment here … 
How to Add a Magento Product
Hello all! I know that I said before that I was going to write on one menu section at a time, but the first sub-menu item in the next menu option is a big one! It is the addition of … 
Why You Should Start Blogging Today
Aaron Wall discusses why new internet marketers are best off starting marketing by creating a blog.
Posted in Internet Marketing Tagged aaron wall, blogging, Internet Marketing Leave a comment
Magento Category Exports
Hello all! I know that last week I said that I was going to do a series of posts about the “How To” of Magento. I am going to be continuing that, but on a week that I run into … 
SEO Explained By Google's Matt Cutts
USA TODAY’s Jefferson Graham interviews Google engineer Matt Cutts on how to get your site to the top of Google with 5 basic, common sense SEO tips. Matt Cutts guests on the USA TODAY Talking Tech web video show.
Posted in Blog, Internet Marketing Tagged google, matt cutts, search engine optimization Leave a comment
Magento Admin Panel Help
As I was visiting a Magento client of mine the other day, Relax Productions, we just happen to be discussing Magento and what could be helpful on my blog posts. She let me know tht maybe some instruction and descriptions …
<|endofexample|>
The squid undergoes their infant stages of life as a Small Giant Squid. Aged 6 – 24 months old, a Small Giant Squid establishes its diet during these years, and chooses what they eat. They retain their inability to digest kelp.
I have had a life-long fondness for squids, and while I cannot remember the exact year that it started, my parents have said that my first ever catch from Ye Old Fishing Vortex was a Small Giant Squid. Technically, the catch hadn’t been mine; I had yet to acquire language at that time, let alone having the strength to make it. No, it had been my father’s. I used to watch him fish with a kind of newfound wonder that renewed itself energetically every single day, and one day, he had taught me how to grasp the fishing rod. I was much smaller back then, and holding onto the rod on my own was like trying to carry an Autumn Birch Tree. Of course, I wasn’t alone, and my father did everything; I just had an excellent view.
I had never been more ecstatic when we caught something, and even more so when the Small Giant Squid shot out of the water and into my father’s outstretched hand. I remember touching it, and finding the slimy, somewhat rubbery skin strange and exciting. If we had had all the time in the world, I don’t think I would have ever let go. The experience had been new, exciting, enthralling, and it opened up a new level of curiosity in my mind.
My family consists of my parents and my older sister Mary-Ann. We have lived in Maraqua all our lives; although my mother and father painted themselves Maraquan Kau and Moehog, respectively, it seems that Mary-Ann and I were Maraquan from birth (she is a Buzz, and I am a Zafara). My parents knew how to play the Stock Market, and so we were comfortably rich, but never billionaires. Our house is more spacious than the average Neopian’s, and we used to employ a gardener to keep the back garden in good shape twice every week. He was the only person we ever employed, for my parents unanimously agreed to never spoil us by keeping servants.
The biggest treats we ever received from our parents were on our birthday, but even then, they had to be within limits. When Mary-Ann was five, she wanted a Rainbow Fountain Faerie Doll, but she never received it, and had to be content with a Fair Maiden Usuki Doll. She enjoyed playing with it, but I know she never got over that incident; she couldn’t stop crying for the next twenty days, and every night, she would snuggle in my bed, and I had to do my duty as a caring younger sister, and not complain about how wet my fur was the following morning.
I had never asked for anything as expensive as a Rainbow Fountain Faerie Doll – at least, not until I was eight. In previous years, I had requested Quiguki dolls (I always preferred them), and I suppose my parents were expecting me to ask for another. When I told them I wanted a squid farm in our back garden, they looked at me with grave faces that barely hid their surprise, and they had slowly answered me, “Yeeees, of course we’ll build a squid farm for you.” I had already been a very active fisherwoman for five years at the time of my request, and I had grown to familiarise myself with all the types of squids I had ever caught. I never kept any of them; if I fished them up, I would inspect them like a child inspects a new toy, and then throw them back into the vortex.
It took only a fortnight for my parents to change the layout of the garden; before, there had been a lovely rainbow coloured border of kelp around the edges, so as to mark our territory, and in the center of the garden had been an even lovelier cluster of various plants. Everything else had been paved over with stones. My parents had planned to change the layout, so that the top half of the garden would be overrun with the pond; the paving stones were duly removed, and the pond was dug and filled. Anybody looking down from a birds-eye perspective would have been reminded of a Combo Battle Mirror, albeit the pond being a lighter hue than the terrace.
I was jolly excited when I saw the completed pond for the first time – it was like a dream come true for me. I had long dreamt of keeping my own squids, yet I had never used my imagination to invent the facilities until now. I could barely wait to start putting the farm to good use, and with my rod, I returned to the vortex to catch a squid.
I wish I could say that I had caught a squid and took it home with much felicity, but what really happened was that I had caught a Chaosfish. I promptly threw it back in the vortex, and forced myself to be patient. I found myself in those moments where I had caught squids aplenty before I actually needed one; Cubefish, Eyefish, Doomfish, Spectral Shrimp, Golden Mechafish, another Cubefish... those were my next catches, and with each one, I grew steadily impatient until I was at the point of a tantrum. I had never been a particularly patient person, but even I felt that events were just growing ridiculous. I could see my goal, I was so close – and yet so far.
I finally succeeded with my next catch. That relieving moment was even better than the brightest diamond; I was convinced I was holding onto a gold trophy, not a Small Giant Squid; I felt as if I had just beaten a game, and was the best player in the whole of Neopia. Unsurprisingly, I named this Small Giant Squid ‘Gold’, and happily released him into his new home several hours later.
My fascination for these creatures was further broadened – nobody had ever been as interested as I was, and a whole new potential was open to me. I could spend my life researching them, write numerous articles for the Neopian Times, even publish some books – I was certain I would gain fame, and be forever known as the first Neopian to research into squids.
Unfortunately, my next few catches were wasted, and I quickly became prone to the boredom of owning just Gold. There were strong temptations to visit the Shop Wizard, and subsequently purchase more Small Giant Squids. I was growing desperate by the hour; Gold was becoming increasingly lonely, he needed a friend, and I didn’t want to spend Neopoints when I could easily fish them. I had other matters to deal with too; a squid’s diet still remained a great mystery to me, and everything I fed Gold seemed to be turned down. I was worried for his health; if I couldn’t find something, I would have to return him to the Vortex. Even though he had barely been in my possession for a week, I was already fond of him, and saw him as the youngest sibling in the family. Mary-Ann never really agreed with me (she thought I was weird), and while we never mentioned the subject, we both knew what she was thinking.
As we grew older, I found myself more distant from my sister than I had ever been, or imagined. Our views never agreed from the day my squid farm was unveiled, for she was a practical thinker, and I knew she saw no potential in my unusual habit. I, on the other hand, was too engrossed in my own felicity, and with it came a conceited world that only I had ever taken pains to understand. I preferred this world; it was perfect, untainted, and so new, so barely understood, that I could not willingly find the entrance again, or see any nearby exits.
My luck at the vortex increased again, and Gold and Silver were soon joined by Bronze, Nerkmid, Kew, twins Lunar and Cape, and Scorchstone. These names may sound peculiar, but I was only a child, and with my childish disposition, I called them after things that I found pretty. When I caught Lunar, Cape had been clinging onto her in a manner so desperate, so affectionate, that my disposition would not allow me to be cruel and force them apart, and I took them both back with me.
By then, I knew that squids did not eat the same food, and it took much experimenting to figure exactly what their diets were. The problem with variety was the lack of resource, and even with my parents and Mary-Ann (reluctantly) helping me, I soon found myself struggling to keep my supplies at a sufficient level. I had already feared that I would need to spend Neopoints, and now my fears were true. My reluctance to do so was never through selfishness, but the fact that they were so hard to earn; my parents had never distributed pocket money to me or Mary-Ann, and had I been good at playing games, I would have had less of a struggle. My parents had done their part by building the farm; from now on, all responsibility was down to me alone, including food.
Even though everything came cheap, it was still a burden. It was surprising how heavy and soaked a bag stuffed full of Blandfish could become, and I quickly found that swimming and carrying weights was impossible. Since then, I have had to take Mary-Ann with me on every shopping trip, and I always felt it did more damage than good to our relationship.
I never cared, though; my squids were my pride and joy. They always knew when it was feeding time; they would line up against the edge of the pond, and refuse to leave until they had enough. I had caught my squids around the same time, and I assumed they were of similar ages, for they grew at exactly the same rate as each other. Soon, I had a pond full of Large Giant Squids.
Large Giant Squid
This is when the squid matures, and prepares itself for adult life. Aged 24 – 192 months, it also starts to tolerate kelp, although it still avoids the plant.
I wish I could have dedicated all my time to my squids, but I had Neoschool to attend. I never got on with my classmates, not because they had bullied me in some shape or form, but because we had nothing to say. I wanted to talk about squids and the Ye Old Fishing Vortex; my classmates wanted to talk about Yooyuball, and which team was the best (the strongest support was for Maraqua or Darigan Citadel). Our topics of conversation just didn’t match, and so I said nothing. I had little interest in Yooyuball anyway, and until now, I still do.
I had witnessed my squids changing into Large Giant Squids, and it was a fascinating process. Their pale pink skins had grown rosier, then magenta, before turning a shade of red. Their eyes just suddenly turned green one day, and when they first became actual Large Giant Squids, those eyes were a brilliant shade of jade. Their bodies were bulkier, and it amused me to see how some tentacles grew at different speeds than others, and how unbalanced they became as a result.
I also noted a radical change in diet; I caught Nerkmid gently chewing on some kelp. At first, I tried to lure him away with a Cubefish, but then it struck me that he was beginning to tolerate the plant; if he could show emotions, I think he would have been curious, and certainly not sick. I kept a watchful eye over all the squids, and I discovered that they were all attempting to eat kelp, and they were all learning to tolerate the plant they had once been unable to.
I speedily applied my discovery to my family, and their reactions could not have been more opposite one another; my parents were pleased for me, and I could tell it was sincere; their eyes beamed at me in the way that they always did whenever I had done something worthy to be proud of. Mary-Ann stayed silent throughout my discovery, and she had half-heartily said “congratulations” to me. That was the only word she had uttered, but I was too pleased to pay her behaviour any attention.
The next day, she willingly followed me outside to the pond. Here, her demure attitude succeeded in grasping my attention, and I knew what she was thinking when she saw Kew and Cape fighting over a strand of green kelp. I dared not to try and make conversation with her; somehow, I knew she would cause heavy inflictions to both of us. She had a hypothetical grenade in her hand, and it wasn’t going to make us laugh.
“Kelsey,” she said to me suddenly. “Have you ever thought about letting them go?”
I was startled, shocked, and suddenly felt empty; “How could I leave them?” I cried. “They’re my family – just like you!”
“That is sweet of you,” she said with a smile that I did not like. “But you’re growing up, Kelsey. You cannot stay with them forever.” Had I been older when she said this, I would have been more composed, but I was in great agitation, and somehow felt myself being flung closer to the exit of the world that I so dearly wished to remain in.
I felt mute, I could say nothing. Mary-Ann was looking at me gravely and solicitously, and the pain of her words was somehow rebounding off me and into her mind too. “I’m sorry, sister, but I cannot watch you descend into this madness. Our parents should never have encouraged you.”
“D – Don’t talk about them like that,” I wept. “I – I like squids, it’s –”
“Hush, Kelsey, hush.” She embraced me, and I willingly hugged back; our roles had been reversed, I was the one crying, and she had to provide me with comfort.
Giant Giant Squid
Aged 192 – 480 months, the Giant Giant Squid is the squid’s adult life, and its growth considerably slows. A well-nourished Giant Giant Squid will spend over twenty years growing, until it becomes a Titanic Giant Squid. As the Giant Giant Squid ages, it will eventually accept kelp as an alternative source of food and nutrient.
My mind remained stubborn throughout my remaining childhood years, and I could not see myself separated from my beloved squids. My temperament eventually lost all its childishness, although my matured disposition remained comfortably trapped in the squids’ world. My Quigukis were forever doomed to being stowed away in a storage box, which in turn sat in a darkened corner of my room.
My happiness numbed all negative feelings, and I grew immune to pain. I felt that way anyway; when Mary-Ann left home at nineteen, I cried, but not bitterly. I was saddened, but only for the greater part of two hours. My felicity returned instantly when I visited my squids; their skin had undergone a crimson shade for a while before browning, and their eyes now gleamed like emeralds. Disappointingly, their tentacles now grew at an even pace, and I felt robbed of warmly laughing at their struggles to restore their sense of balance as they attempted to swim, in a straight line, to the surface.
There were other squids in there, for I increasingly visited the Ye Old Fishing Vortex to the point where I willingly took unwanted squids from other fishers, and brought them home. Fyora, Psellia, Illusen, Ember, Siyana, Nereid, and Aethia were all Small Giant Squids when I took them home. They seemed to get along well with the others, and when I came to feeding them, their diets barely differed from the older squids, although Nereid preferred Bombfish; I had to unwillingly remove her from the pond, and my numbers dropped to fourteen.
I rarely heard from Mary-Ann throughout my remaining teenage years, or indeed at the start of my early adult years. She only visited three times, and I approached her with the warmth of a sister, and the hostility of someone dear to her. She always watched me care for the squids, but she made no attempt at trying to discourage me from them. I was never bothered; I just wanted to follow happiness, and I could never see myself in a position away from my squids.
I heard about Mary-Ann’s achievements; she was the proprietor and shopkeeper of a large shop, and had adopted a baby Bori and Xweetok from the Pound. I only ever saw them once, about two weeks after they had been adopted. They were sweet little beings, and I was happy for my sister, though I subsequently forgot about them again when I returned to my squids.
My parents never tried to stop me from raising my squids, and I was grateful about that decision; I had already taken Mary-Ann’s advice badly, I doubt I would have been able to cope if my parents had done the same. They seemed to be pleased with what I was doing, and it increased my felicity tenfold; I developed a sanguine temper warmer than the Lost Desert, and my incapability to develop rain clouds over my head made me a better person. I began to tolerate patience much better than I had ever done, and I no longer felt the burden of following in Mary-Ann’s footsteps, and make an independent life for myself.
I had my parents’ support, what more could I ask for? That was how I spent the large majority of my adult years. I only had to see the squids to make a living; my book, How To Care For Squids, was eventually published when I was thirty. It contained my lifelong work on squids, and sales went through the roof; I knew I had achieved fame. I even got a sponsorship deal on one edition of The Neopian Times.
I never knew how Mary-Ann felt about my fame; I sent her a Neomail, but never received a reply. If I had known where she was living, I probably would have visited; if I had known where her shop was, I would have gone there. Even though I have nobody but my parents to talk to, I never felt lonely. My squids are always with me, and I was so far lost in their world that the exit was just a meaningless door frame; in my eyes, it was just a decoration, a pretty thing to see, but to never go through. The entrance was so far away, I couldn’t see it. I had finally lost sight of it decades ago.
Titanic Giant Squid
This is when the squid lives its elderly years. It is unknown how long a Titanic Giant Squid can live for. It also abandons its previous diet in favour of kelp. Titanic Giant Squids usually begin life at 480 months.
As Gold and co. grew into Titanic Giant Squids, they could no longer fit the pond, and I had to let them go. They refused to leave me; I was their parent, the pond was their home, they would stay with me. Until now, they circle around my house like a living ring, and they are so large I can easily swim with them. My felicity had never ceased since the day I entered their world, and I had never been happier than to be with them.
As more and more squids joined the pond, the number of Titanic Giant Squids increased. Soon, our house was surrounded not by the kelp that had been there from day one, but by my squids. We became noticeable in a way that I wanted; even with the publication of three more books, I felt that I needed to be seen with those that I dearly love.
I turn fifty now, but when I look back at the forty-two years that I spent with squids, I don’t regret anything. I may not have seen Mary-Ann for the good part of thirty years, but as long as my squids remain with me, I shall stay firmly in their world.
The End
If you're reading this, this is my first story in the TNT! :D I hope you enjoy it!
<|endofexample|>
Shadow, a Shadow Aisha, rolled his eyes. "Come on, Invader, stop being annoying. We've been there plenty of times! What's wrong with this time?"
"I'll catch a disease or something! That place is disgusting. Do you not remember what the Deserted Fairground looked like last time?" I wrinkled my nose in disgust. "There were bones and rotten apples and spoiled pumpkins everywhere! Plus, it's just plain scary!"
"What are you two arguing about?" Phroto, our owner, asked, dropping her bag of supplies onto the floor. She clapped her hands together. "We have to get going soon if we want to have enough time."
"I'm not going to that place!" I told her, dropping myself onto the living room floor. "It's disgusting and has the most terrifying creatures. I mean, look at the Esophagor! And last time we went there I caught a bad case of the Doldrums."
"Invader, stop your complaining!" Glaedr, a Gold Draik, said. He folded his wings comfortably over his backpack. "We're going and that's that. It was Shadow's turn to pick the place, and he picked the Haunted Woods. We went to Virtupets last time, and I'm sure you remember that no one wanted to go up there but yourself."
"Exactly, Invader, and you're not staying here; you're too young to stay home alone. You won't get sick again, the Doctor said so." Phroto lifted up the bag and shouldered it. "Stronghammer! Galbatorix! Come on, we're leaving now!" she called up the stairs.
Galbatorix, a Royalboy Kyrii, came running down the stairs, his dark purple hair streaming out behind him. "I'm here! Stronghammer was holding me up."
A Camouflage Krawk bumbled down the stairs. "I was not!" Stronghammer said indignantly. "It's not my fault you took so long to answer those questions. How hard is it to answer—"
"You guys, come on!" Shadow interrupted. "We need to leave or it's going to be too late!"
"Shadow's right. Come on, let's go!" Phroto shoved them out the door. "You, too, Invader!" she added after noticing he wasn't with them. "Get out here!"
I sighed and followed them out the door. "I'm going to catch a disease or something there," I grumbled. "I just know it."
***
I stopped when I spotted the eerie gates a few blocks up ahead. The Haunted Woods, I thought, suppressing a shudder. I couldn't show my fear and disgust here. The creatures that inhabit the area would be after me before I could say, 'Fyora'.
"We're here!" Shadow exclaimed with a bounce. He ran off into the Woods, his black cloak billowing out behind him, and shouted, "See you guys at seven!"
Phroto let out a small laugh. "Well, he's off. He'll probably waste all of the ten-thousand neopoints I gave him on Test Your Strength and Coconut Shy." She shook her head with an amused smile. "I'll be in the Game Graveyard if you guys need me. Remember to meet back at this gate at seven exactly."
I watched my owner disappear into the gates after Shadow. "Hmph. Well, who am I going to go with then? I don't want to walk around here myself!"
Stronghammer and Galbatorix exchanged bemused glances. "Sorry, Invader, we're heading off to the Deserted Fairground with Shadow," Stronghammer said with a shrug. "And we know how much you hate that place." He gave a small wave before he and Galbatorix left into the Woods.
I crossed my arms in annoyance. "So they just leave me like that, don't they? Glaedr, what do you want—Glaedr!" I shouted after the gold speck in the sky. "Really?" I kicked the dirt with my foot. How was I going to survive a whole eight hours in the Haunted Woods by myself? I'll just go to the Deserted Fairground with them... I'd rather be there where it's filthy than by myself in this place.
Ignoring the growing fear I felt (it was unreasonable to be afraid; nothing could get me!), I headed toward the entrance. The trees were thinning out into a well-worn path as I followed the trail leading up to the gates. Come on, just get in there and you'll be fine, I told myself. Taking a deep breath, I walked quickly through the gates and then stopped: the Esophagor was straight ahead. I shuddered at the sight of the sickly blue goo. How was it even alive?
"Feeeed mmeeee!" the Esophagor gurgled as I walked past it. "Cooommmee, I aamm huuungrryyy. I wiiilll reeewaaard yooouuu iiff yooouu heeelp."
"N-no thank you," I stuttered, turning away from the monster and running down the rest of the path. When the Esophagor's grumbles were out of earshot, I bent over to catch my breath, letting out a sigh of relief. First monster avoided. I could make it to the Deserted Fairground!
"Who goes there?"
I shot up. Who had said that? I was in the middle of the Woods! The Stone Dome was just a little ways up ahead. It was nothing, Invader, calm down. Probably just someone heading to the battledome!
"Excuse me, little Neopet, answer me."
I jumped up. "Wh-who are you? Where are you?"
I heard a hearty laugh come off from the trees behind me. "I am the Brain Tree, Neopet, of course you know who I am if you would turn around."
I gulped, slowly turning around. Calm down. The Brain Tree is a creature of intelligence, not a monster. He can't even hurt me because he can't walk! Yet I let out a small gasp when I saw the Tree. I had forgotten how big (and brainy!) he was since our last visit to the Woods.
"Yes, see, there you go. What are you doing out here all along, little Neopet? Are you hoping to do a quest for me?" the Brain Tree asked. "I could do with some help with a question."
"N-no, s-sorry, Mr. Tree. I-I'm just on my way to th-the Deserted Fairground." I tried to keep myself from stuttering, but failed miserably. "I'll ju-just be on m-my way now—AHH!" I screamed when a little ghost petpet Warf came from the ground and floated up to the sky. Absolutely disgusting! Ghosts! "Agh!"
The Brain Tree let out a deep laugh at my nervousness. I got the feeling that he was enjoying himself more than he usually does in this forest. "You are a Neopet that is too easily scared to be here alone. Where is your owner? Brothers? Sisters?"
I felt oddly offended at the Brain Tree's words, but he was right: I was too easily scared and disgusted by these Woods to be here alone. Summoning up my courage to speak to the Tree without stuttering, I said, "My owner is at the Game Graveyard, and my siblings ran off to the Deserted Fairground and left me behind because I didn't want to go there at first." I paused. "It's extremely filthy there, and here, don't you know? Ghosts and rotten food... This place isn't fit for me! Yet my owner made me come because it was my brother's turn to pick the place we would go. And then they just left me!" I crossed my arms in annoyance, and then remembered who I was talking to and put them back at my side. Did I really just complain to the Brain Tree? I laughed.
The Brain Tree smiled a woody smile. I realized he had no teeth and tried not to laugh even harder at the sight. "Little Neopet, why not get revenge on them for leaving you?"
I stood there, dumbfounded. Did the Brain Tree just tell me to get revenge on my siblings? I think he did! I started to like this tree more and more with each passing moment. He wasn't evil and disgusting (okay, maybe he was a little nasty-looking) as all the other creatures here. "Get revenge? How?"
"Why, by scaring them, of course. You're in the Haunted Woods, don't you know?" The Brain Tree reached behind his back (did trees have backs?) and stretched a limb out to me, holding a flickering transparent shirt.
"What is that?" I asked, curious. I stepped closer to the tree, losing my fear of it.
"It's a Ghostly Sheet Costume," the Brain Tree said with a laugh. With a swift movement, he threw it over me.
"Ah! Wh-what are you doing?" I shouted, feeling my fear rise again. The sheet covered my eyes, my whole body; I shouldn't have come so close!
"Neopet, be calm," the Brain Tree said, with what I thought was annoyance. "It's just a costume. You can take it off after you complete the quest I am sending you on now."
"What? I never agreed to any quest!" I shouted.
The Brain Tree smiled. "Oh, yes you did, when you wanted to know how to get revenge. I am an old tree, Neopet; I've been around for ages. I need some fun once in a while, and this quest seems more interesting than the other quests I send Neopets to do."
"I—what? Your quest is for me to get revenge on my siblings for leaving me out here?" I was so confused. The Brain Tree—the intelligent Brain Tree—wanted to play a joke on Neopets he didn't even now? I had to admit to myself that this was pretty absurd. If anyone had told that this had happened to them, I would never have believed them!
"Yes, Neopet, now go and scare them. You cannot see yourself, but now you look exactly like a ghost. You look haunted. You still look like a Baby Grundo, yet like a Ghost Baby Grundo. Your siblings will recognize you, but they'll be absolutely terrified and guilt-ridden at the thought of what happened to you." The Brain Tree let out a laugh that shook the trees around him, as if they were laughing with him. "I haven't done this in a while, Neopet, so obey my wish without question, and you shall be rewarded. Be back in one hour and twenty-three minutes. Now be gone!"
I stood there for a moment, wondering if the Brain Tree was really serious. What did this say about the Brain Tree's character? Everything I heard about him before was wrong! Oh, how fun this would be. My siblings wouldn't leave me like that again! I smiled and nodded. "I shall obey."
I stared up at the destroyed circus tent that marked the entrance to the Deserted Fairground. I heard Neopets through the gates—playing Bagatelle, Coconut Shy, the Wheel of Misfortune, everything! I had passed a puddle on my way over here: I looked like a ghost. I was transparent and white and my eyes were sunken in and blue. I'd scare my siblings so badly!
I peeked around the entrance gates to the Fairgrounds, trying to see if I could see anyone I knew—there! Shadow was over at the Test Your Strength, with Stronghammer, Galbatorix, and Glaedr all beside him. Perfect! I thought with a smile. The Brain Tree would surely get a good laugh out of this!
I walked through the entrance quietly, hiding behind the remains of pumpkins and tombstones as I made my way closer to the Test Your Strength booth. The large bell was a few steps away from me, and my siblings were the only Neopets playing. Just what I wanted!
"Congratulations! You earned 22 neopoints! You scored 5 out of 100, Shadow, thank you for playing! Would you like to play again for the twenty-second time?" I heard Arnold, the Test Your Strength owner, ask.
Shadow hissed in annoyance. "Yes! I am going to get higher than a 5!"
I heard Galbatorix snicker and Glaedr and Stronghammer let out a small laugh. They've probably been there a while, I thought. I looked at the timer on the inside of the costume: forty-six minutes left to scare them and get back to the Brain Tree. Plenty of time!
When Shadow grumbled and pulled out 100 more neopoints to give to Arnold, I spotted my moment to come out: as soon as Arnold left to put the neopoints in his jar, I'd get my siblings!
"Thank you, kind sir. I'll be back in just a moment," Arnold said with a small, sly smile, and he left.
I grinned. Now! I bent down and crawled forward, going slowly enough so that I wouldn't rustle the dead leaves that covered the ground.
"I wonder where Invader is," Glaedr mused. "Now that I think about it, I don't think Phroto will be too happy knowing we left him alone. She knows that we knew he didn't want to come."
"Who cares?" Shadow said. "He'll be fine! It's not like anything can happen here."
I laughed, loud enough that my siblings could hear me. They set themselves up perfectly! I heard them all gasp in shock as they turned around and saw him.
"Invader, oh my Fyora!" Stronghammer and Glaedr gasped at the same time.
"What in Neopia happened to you?" Shadow asked, his face pulled into such a sad sight of guilt and fear.
"Whoa, that's cool!" Galbatorix said, but his eyes betrayed his guilt.
They all think that something terrible happened to me, that I turned into a ghost! I laughed. "Well, what do you think happened to me? This place is Haunted! I've become Haunted! I told you something would happen to me if we came here, and what do you know? Something did!" I heard my voice shake in fake-anger, and felt a glow of pleasure inside. Ha ha! They all look so guilty and sad! I thought with glee.
Glaedr had tears in his eyes. "Invader, I'm so sorry! I shouldn't have listened to them... I should've stayed with you and maybe you wouldn't be like this!" His voice was shaking with sadness.
Stronghammer and Galbatorix were silent, but Shadow spoke after Glaedr. "I didn't... Invader." He swallowed, and his head was bent over in guilt. "I shouldn't have told them to leave you... It's my entire fault that you're... That you're a ghost!"
Shadow started crying—actually crying, and at that moment I felt like this joke was gone far enough. Any longer and he might run out of here. I had gotten my revenge and done what the Brain Tree had wanted. I could take off the costume now.
"Okay, Shadow, the bell is all set—what the! Is that a Ghost Baby? Those aren't... Those don't..." Arnold tilted his head to the side in confusion, but he wasn't scared. "Ha! How funny. What'd you guys do to him to make him a ghost?"
"Nothing!" Shadow exclaimed with a sob. "He's our brother, and now he's a ghost! It's my fault!"
Okay, enough is enough, I thought. "Shadow, calm down!" I said with a smile. "It is your fault—as much as it is Glaedr's, Stronghammer's, and Galbatorix's." I paused for effect, wanting to pull this off perfectly. I reached up (and my siblings flinched!) and pulled off the costume with a huge grin. "See? I'm not a ghost!"
Shadow stared at me, too shocked for words. "Y-you aren't a ghost?"
Glaedr and Stronghammer had expressions of relief and anger, but Galbatorix was laughing. "Oh my Fyora, Invader, now that's a good joke!" the Royalboy Kyrii said, falling over into a fit of laughter.
Arnold was staring in little amusement, clearly just wanting to make more neopoints. "Hurry up. Play or leave, you're holding up the line!"
Stronghammer raised an eyebrow at Arnold's words, looking around the booth. We were the only ones there. "Clearly."
"I can't believe you would trick us like that!" Shadow exclaimed in anger at me. "You made me feel terrible! What in the world possessed you to do that?"
I was laughing on the ground along with Galbatorix at how the events had played out, thinking about how pleased the Brain Tree would be when I brought the costume back and told him what happened, but paused long enough to reply, "Why, the Brain Tree, of course!"
The End
I hope you enjoyed this little story, and if this gets published, it'll be my 10th one! 8D ~Phroto
Also by cinnamon_girl
<|endofexample|>
Salutations, fellow Neopian. You have stumbled upon my humble abode. I welcome you to stay as long as you like.
The name's 1337NPs, but I go by Leety. As you can see, I have a thing for neopoints and other items of great val--DON'T TOUCH THAT!
*grabs pocket watch*
Well, I didn't know you were a pickpocket! Get your own, filthy peasant!
You're still here, you thief? If I promise to tell you more, will you leave? Fine then.
I don't have much else to say, except that my outfit is almost complete.
All I need now are a pair of Deluxe Polarchuck Costume Gloves and a nice Golden Cobrall Belt.
All right, now off with you! This briefcase isn't the lightest thing around, you know!
*swings at you with briefcase*
OUT!
You've clicked on a link that will take you outside of Neopets.com. We do not control your destination's website, so its rules, regulations, and Meepit defense systems will be different! Are you sure you'd like to continue?
<|endofexample|>
immie
I am 21 and from a small country called New Zealand which isn't anywhere near England (if you were going to ask that). No, its the tiny place just below Australia with sheep, lord of the rings and I believe we were the first country to give women the vote. :)
I graduated last year with an degree in Medical Laboratory Science and now work as a geneticist in a super fancy private lab and I love it. I live with my fiance and my cat, Pebbles
I'm not on neopets often as I am usually out of the house for about 13 hours a day thanks to travel, work, gym, more travel etc... but I try to get on neo for at least a few minutes a day to take care of my pets.
I also have a side... Kimmie_side, which is used to house extra pets :)
Neogoals!
Get 300 Stamps
Get 300 Cards in my Neodeck
Get 300 Avatars
Complete my Secret Laboratory Map
Feel free to befriend me, I promise I won't bite.
Xox
Kimmie.
<|endofexample|>
Nerdist was started by Chris Hardwick and has grown to be a many headed beast.
Kyle Kinane
Posted by Whitney Moore on 5/17/13
Posted by Perry Michael Simon on 2/24/13
Posted by Kyle Anderson on 2/23/13
Posted by Brian Walton on 2/23/13
Posted by Perry Michael Simon on 2/23/13
Posted by Perry Michael Simon on 2/22/13
Posted by Matt Grosinger on 2/22/13
Posted by Katie Levine on 2/22/13
Posted by Christian Spicer on 2
<|endofexample|>
T-Shirt Size Chart & Measuring Tips
Chest: Measure under the arms around fullest part of the chest. Be sure to keep tape level across back and comfortably loose
Waist: Measure around natural waist with a loose tape
Saint Patrick Day's T Shirts
Saint Patrick's Day is a day that everyone can partake in and join in on the festivities. Saint Patrick's Day is often a favorite holiday, whether you're Irish or not. In fact, it is often said that on Saint Patrick's Day, everyone is a little bit Irish. For this reason, many people enjoy sporting funny t shirts with Saint Patrick's Day themes on the 17th of March, as a way to celebrate the holiday and have a little fun. We proudly sell a wide range of funny tee shirts and novelty t shirts that are perfect for the holiday, whether you are Irish or not. No matter what a person's taste, we're sure to have a great option for you for Saint Patrick's Day.
We have a wide range of different Saint Patrick Day themed shirts. Some of our most popular funny t shirts include the phrase "Saint Patrick is my homeboy", "Irish yoga", "Irish you were beer" and "An Irishman walks out of a bar." All the designs are making jokes in regards to the drinking that is typically associated with the celebration of Saint Patrick's Day. All these t shirt designs are hilarious, and will be sure to get a lot of attention at the pub as you celebrate the day. Our wide range of cool tees are perfect for celebrating Saint Patrick's Day, no matter what your real nationality is. These awesome, funny shirts are great ways to start a conversation and just be festive during one of the craziest nights of the year.
Our Saint Patrick's Day shirts, just like all of our products, are 6oz preshrunk 100% cotton shirts. They are of extremely high quality that is very durable and will last for years and years. We carry our shirts in all sizes, from extra small to triple extra large. We also take the time to carefully make sure your order is perfect, as we ship all orders by hand from our warehouse in Los Angeles, CA. We are sure you will be thrilled with your order when you get it, and will likely be interested in looking into our other products. You should check out our retro watches or hoodies category on our website for more high quality options that include funny sayings. We also have a wide range of vintage, novelty, and video game t shirts, so no matter what you're looking for, you're sure to find it on our site.
<|endofexample|>
2012 Women's Soccer Championship Seeding Announcement
HADLEY, Mass. – With the top seed in this
year’s NESCAC Women’s Soccer Championship at stake,
Middlebury closed out the regular season with a dramatic 3-1
triumph at Williams this afternoon. In the process, the Panthers
not only ended the Ephs’ 10-game unbeaten streak but also
secured home field advantage throughout the tournament for the
first time since 2004. They will begin their quest for a third
conference crown this Saturday, when quarterfinal round action gets
underway. Along with Middlebury and Williams at home in the first
round will be Bowdoin and defending champion Amherst. The highest
remaining seed following Saturday’s action will host the
semifinals and final from November 3-4.
Middlebury, Williams and Amherst finished regular season with identical 8-1-1 records. The Panthers were awarded the top seed by virtue of their four points in head-to-head competition between the three teams. Williams came away with the second seed as a result of its 3-2 victory over the Lord Jeffs on September 6.
Middlebury (12-1-1, 8-1-1 NESCAC) will be looking for its first NESCAC title since 2006, when it slipped past Amherst 1-0 in overtime. The Panthers have been dominant on the defensive side of the ball, allowing just five goals all season. They will open up tournament play against eighth seeded Wesleyan (6-7-1, 3-7-0 NESCAC) on Saturday. The Cardinals kept their postseason hopes alive with a 2-0 win at Trinity yesterday. The win ultimately moved them into the tournament after they finished in a three-way tie for seventh place with the Bantams and Connecticut College. Middlebury came out on top 2-1 when the teams met on September 29. Wesleyan’s goal was the first that the Panthers had surrendered all season.
Williams (10-3-1, 8-1-1 NESCAC) will look to rebound from its first loss in over a month when it takes the field on Saturday. The Ephs have piled up a league-best six NESCAC titles, including four straight from 2007-10. They will host seventh seeded Connecticut College (5-7-2, 3-7-0 NESCAC), which handed Middlebury its only loss of the year (1-0) on October 7. The Camels gave Williams all it could handle during their regular season matchup on September 23 before falling 1-0. They will be making their first postseason appearance since 2007 and fourth overall.
After earning the top seed a year ago, Amherst (12-1-1, 8-1-1 NESCAC) enters this year’s championship as the third seed. The Lord Jeffs will begin their title defense against Colby (8-6-0, 4-6-0 NESCAC). The Mules rebounded from three straight conference losses and locked up the sixth seed with a 2-0 win over Bates today. The Mules advanced to the semifinals in both 2005 and 2006. They fell 4-0 at Amherst on October 13. In addition to their championship last fall, the Lord Jeffs also came out on top in 2001 and 2003.
The remaining quarterfinal round matchup pits fourth seeded Bowdoin (10-3-1, 6-3-1 NESCAC) and fifth seeded Hamilton (9-4-1, 5-4-1 NESCAC). Bowdoin clinched home field advantage with a 2-1 triumph over Trinity on Saturday. Heading into the final week of the regular season, Hamilton had the opportunity to pass the Polar Bears in the standings but came up short against an upset-minded Tufts squad on Saturday. Bowdoin closed out its regular season with a 1-1 draw at Tufts yesterday, putting an end to the Jumbos’ postseason hopes. The Polar Bears edged the Continentals 1-0 on October 13. They will be hosting for the first time since 2007.
Results for the NESCAC Women’s Soccer Championship will be available at the completion of each day on the NESCAC website.
<|endofexample|>
- Editor's notes
A sumptuous update on the label's classic 'Jackie' bag, Gucci's super soft nubuck bag is a timeless investment. Carry this leather-trimmed runway piece to lend every look a touch of signature Italian luxury.
Shown here with: Alexander McQueen jacket, T by Alexander Wang top, Chan Luu bracelet, Maria Rudman bracelet, Isabel Marant pants, Gianvito Rossi shoes.For style advice, contact our Fashion Advisors. Product code: 169673
- Size & fit
For sizing help, speak to an advisor. Product code: 169673
- Weighs approximately 1.1lbs/ 0.5kg
- Width 13" / 33cm
- Handle Drop 20" / 52cm
- Height 11" / 27cm
- Depth 3" / 8cm
- Min. Strap Length 20" / 50cm
- Max. Strap Length 21" / 54cm
- Details
More questions? Speak to an advisor. Product code: 169673
- Black nubuck
- Adjustable gold buckle-fastening shoulder strap, teal leather (Calf) trims
- Internal pouch and zip-fastening pockets, silver hardware
- Fully lined in teal leather
- Designer-stamped push-lock fastening
VIEW MORE
<|endofexample|>
Alexander McQueen
Suede ankle boots
Was $1,075 Now $322.50 70% OFF
-.
Product code: 314166
- Size & fit
For sizing help, speak to an advisor. Product code: 314166
- Italian sizing
- Small to size, take the next full size up
- Details
More questions? Speak to an advisor. Product code: 314166
- Covered heel measures approximately 140mm/ 5.5 inches with a 25mm/ 1 inch platform
- Berry suede (Goat)
- Round toe
- Zip fastening at side
VIEW MORE
<|endofexample|>
« Return to all phone models.
Your Model
To find your Net10 serial number:
To find your Serial Number:
If at anytime the screen light of your NET10 phone goes off, press the any key to turn it on again.
To return to the main screen, press the PWR/END key.
<|endofexample|>
How long is chickenpox infectious for?
Other Qs & As
Question
I will be looking after my three-year-old niece on Saturday who is just recovering from chickenpox.
I am concerned whether it is safe to do so as I have a five-year-old daughter who hasn't caught the disease yet and we will be going on holiday in a couple of weeks and would hate for her to catch it beforehand.
My niece's spots first appeared this week. She has been constantly scratching them and she was taken into hospital due to her temperature getting so high that it brought on convulsions.
Her temperature was brought down and she was sent home and told to keep away from nursery for the week.
She has apparently been back to nursery yesterday and has three spots left which are black and scabby. What do I do?
Is she 100 per cent not contagious or should I refrain from looking after her.
Your advice would be greatly appreciated.
Answer
I think you can be 100 per cent confident that your daughter will not catch chicken pox from your niece if you look after her this weekend.
Once the blisters of the chickenpox rash have dried out and crusted over, there should be no risk of the infection being passed on to someone else.
The infectious stage of chickenpox usually lasts between five to ten days, and as you say that your niece's spots first appeared on this week, she will be well past the infectious phase by this coming weekend.
I can well understand why you don't want your daughter to get chickenpox before, or during, your holiday but in general it is a much less unpleasant illness for children than for adults so I'd try and make sure she does get it sometime in the next few years.
You'd be doing her a favour, I promise!
Yours sincerely
The NetDoctor Medical Team
<|endofexample|>
Weighing Benefits and Pitfalls of Increased Oil and Gas Production in the U.S..
JEFFREY BROWN: And we turn to the ups and downs of an energy boom, wrapping up our series that's looked at how new production is fueling rapid changes across the country.
In our series this week, we have seen how homegrown energy output is forging ahead, offering opportunities and posing problems at the same time. In North Dakota, new technology has led to a boom in oil production.
LANCE LANGFORD, Statoil: We are going to be here for many, many years. And once we are finished drilling these wells, these wells will produce for 30 to 40 years.
JEFFREY BROWN: Drilling means jobs in towns like Williston, but it also leaves the locals to deal with growing pains.
WOMAN: We are frustrated with lack of services. We are frustrated with traffic. We are frustrated with driving. We are not alone. And I don't care whether you have been here a long or a short time.
JEFFREY BROWN: In Colorado, one source of tension is between competing fossil fuels, as natural gas vies with the state's plentiful coal supply as a cleaner-burning option for power plants. The gas boom may also slow any shift to renewable energy, such as wind or solar power.
DAN ARVIZU, National Renewable Energy Laboratory: The bar just got a bit higher for the entrance of some of these new and alternative technologies into the energy mix.
JEFFREY BROWN: Sprouting gas wells pose a challenge over the use of public lands as well.
In Utah, environmentalists and energy firms have collaborated on ways to allow for drilling while protecting natural areas.
U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar welcomes the effort.
INTERIOR SECRETARY KEN SALAZAR: It is my view that protecting the environment and developing oil and gas are not mutually exclusive. Those who say they are, are providing us a false choice.
JEFFREY BROWN: That may be, but as new technology allows for ever more extraction of fuels, the right balance and best approaches are far from settled.
And we pick up on some of the questions raised by the energy boom now with Kate Sinding, deputy director with the National Resources Defense Council. Her work includes promoting smart growth and monitoring environmental and health impacts of natural gas drilling in New York State.
And Robert Bryce, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute who's written widely on energy matters, including his recent book, "Power Hungry: The Myth of Green Energy."
Kate Sinding, I will start with you. A boom in new production, overturning a lot of old assumptions about energy in this country. Give us an overview first. What do you see happening?
KATE SINDING, National Resources Defense Council: Well, what we see happening is that the way that natural gas is being developed in this country is totally unacceptable.
You have got an industry that's running roughshod over communities. They think that they're entitled to operate under a different set of rules than those that apply to everybody else. And the result is a pattern of negative impacts to water, to air, to health, and to our communities.
It's not something that should be happening in America in 2012. And, moreover, it's not a model of development that's sustainable either from an economic standpoint or for the planet.
JEFFREY BROWN: All right, Robert Bryce, same question. General overview first, and then we will walk through some of these issues.
ROBERT BRYCE, The Manhattan Institute: Sure.
Well, I watched your reports earlier this week, and I agree with what Interior Secretary Salazar said in one of your reports. He said that the development of natural gas is one of the greatest opportunities for economic security, national security, and environmental security.
This is -- the development of the shale revolution, which we're in the midst of now, is the single most important energy development on the global energy scene since the discovery of the east Texas field in the 1930s. For the U.S., this is unqualified good news.
Now, are there local impacts and are there fence line issues for neighbors and are there concerns? Of course, there are. And those won't go away, because we're seeing a lot of drilling in areas that haven't had it before.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, so, Kate Sinding, let's go to a very specific issue, of course, at the heart of the new technology that allows a lot of this new production is fracking.
So, Kate Sinding, talk to us a little bit about that. The obvious plus is, you get more, but at what cost is the issue.
KATE SINDING: Right. Yes.
Fracking -- it's been the development of fracking combined in the case of many of these resources with horizontal drilling that allows for them to develop resources where they previously hadn't thought that they economically could do so.
And what those two technologies involved mean together is significant amounts of water usage, significant generation of waste waters, generation of air pollution, lots of traditional pollution.
The significant amounts of water involved in fracking translate into hundreds of truck -- truck trips for every well pad. Those, in turn, turn into not only air quality impacts, but impacts to quality of life, the kinds of things that we saw in a clip from one of the segments earlier this week.
We're grappling with some really serious issues now, issues that the industry itself is acknowledging present real problems, wastewater being a key example.
The water that -- wastewater that is generated through the extraction of gas using the fracking process is heavily contaminated, both with chemicals that are used as part of the fracking process itself, as well as with naturally occurring contaminants that include heavy metals, volatile -- volatile organic compounds, very high levels of salt, and in some instances radioactivity.
And millions of gallons of that wastewater are generated per well pad. So, what to do with that wastewater, how to safely dispose of it in a way that doesn't present risks to the communities not only where drilling is occurring, but where the wastewater ends up being transported, is a very vexing issue. And it highlights...
JEFFREY BROWN: Let me...
KATE SINDING: Go ahead.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, I just wanted to -- I just wanted to bring Robert Bryce in on this, because I'm wondering, is it a question of acknowledging all the kinds of questions that we just heard and the concerns, but, in the balance, that's OK? Or is -- or do you question some of the science behind fracking and other technology?
ROBERT BRYCE: Well, look, this is a technology that is not new. It's been used over a million times over the last six decades.
The points that Ms. Sinding makes, I agree with some of them. But there are three interrelated points if we look at this in the big picture in terms of public relations. One is that we're talking about water, which is an emotional issue for everyone. They don't -- no one wants contaminated water.
Second, the oil and gas industry has a lower favorability rating than Congress. This is according to a recent Gallup poll. So beating up on the oil and gas industry for the environmental groups is extremely easy. And, finally, the environmental groups have a very simple message, which is, basically, big oil wants to pollute your water.
And so the drilling industry's only response is, well, no, we don't. But when you look at the overall balance -- and I'm not dismissing the fence line issues that are involved here, the truck traffic, et cetera, but this is an incredible benefit to the U.S. economy.
If you look at the period from -- in the 19 -- in the -- from 2003 through 2008, natural gas prices averaged over $7. Today, they're under $3. That results in a savings to the U.S. economy of $263 million a day. That's $96 billion a year. This is incredibly good news for the U.S. economy at a critical time for -- when a lot of people are out of work.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, so this goes to that balance question.
And, Kate Sinding, we heard -- in our setup, we heard Ken Salazar say that it's a false choice to pick between protecting the environment and developing more oil and gas.
KATE SINDING: Well, I would say it's a false choice between protecting the environment and economic development and energy security.
Where we need to be investing, where we need to be creating new policies and new laws is in the area of facilitating the rapid development of energy efficiency and renewables. Obviously, we're in favor of economic development for this country and economic security, and energy security.
But we need to be focusing not on yet another fossil fuel, one that, although it may be cleaner-burning than coal or oil, will not help us solve the climate crisis.
In fact, numerous recent studies show that if we end up with decades of dependence on gas, rather than investments in renewables and energy efficiency, we're going to be further set back in our effort to deal with the climate crisis.
So that's where we need to be focusing our policies and our investments. And energy efficiency, renewables, those are good, clean jobs, sustainable jobs, and the kind of economic development that the country should be looking for.
JEFFREY BROWN: And it sounds like you are fearing what we heard in one of the reports, that the boom as is now undermines those kinds of investments.
Robert Bryce, what about that? Is that -- is that a possibility here, or is that actually happening?
ROBERT BRYCE: Well, look, no one's opposed to energy efficiency. That's a -- there's been bipartisan agreement on it, on increases in energy efficiency for decades.
And our economy has grown to be one of the most energy-efficient economies in the world. We have made great strides there. Renewables, I'm all for renewables. I have solar panels on the roof of my house. They simply cannot provide the vast scale of energy that is demanded here in the United States or around the world.
Natural gas continues to be vilified as a fossil fuel. Look at what the International Energy Agency said in May. This is the IEA, based in Paris.
They said that, since 2006, the U.S. has reduced its CO2 emissions by 430 million tons. It's more than any other country on the planet.
And this is not a perfect solution in terms of reducing CO2, but why did the IEA point out -- point to the U.S.? Because low-cost natural gas is displacing coal. This is a great story.
Are there costs? Of course there are. There's no such thing as a free lunch when it comes to energy or anything else.
JEFFREY BROWN: Kate Sinding, just in our last minute, do you want to answer him, respond to that?
KATE SINDING: Yes, sure.
I mean, I saw a study just a couple of days ago earlier this week that suggests that the decrease in CO2 emissions in this country are not so much a function of gas displacing coal, as it is a function of the economic downturn. And there's no question that these new shale plates are diverting investments from renewables and efficiency improvements, which we -- there is still enormous untapped potential there.
So that's -- again, that's where we have got to be focused. Nobody is saying we can turn the lights off tomorrow. Nobody is denying that this is a country with enormous energy needs. But we have got to refocus our policies now to getting renewables up to scale as quickly as we possibly can, and not get lost in a hole that natural gas threatens.
JEFFREY BROWN: OK, and a brief last word from you, Mr. Bryce. How do you want to end this discussion?
ROBERT BRYCE: Sure.
Well, I will just point to a recent study by IHS, which said that the shale revolution, shale development, unconventional natural gas, will support 1.5 million jobs in the U.S. by 2015. These are jobs that are desperately needed. Do we need to protect the environment? Of course, but the natural gas revolution, the tight oil revolution, unqualified good news for the U.S. economy.
JEFFREY BROWN: Robert Bryce, Kate Sinding, thank you both very much.
ROBERT BRYCE: Thank you.
KATE SINDING: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you can watch our complete energy series, read a detailed report on fracking, and find a link to Prairie Public's extended look at the oil boom in North Dakota on our Web page.
<|endofexample|>
What You'll Need the First Days
Here are the basics you will need for the first couple of days in your new home. Pack the items in a carton and take them with you in your car. If it's more than two boxes, label each clearly for contents so you can get to items easily. Include the following:
Facial tissues
Bed linens
Towels
Work clothes/loungewear/nightclothes
Personal items (toothbrush, razor, and so on)
Tool kit
Extension cords
Shelf liner
A lamp or two
Light bulbs
Plastic trash bags
Disposable plates, cups, utensils
Aluminum or plastic wrap
Can opener
Soap, sponges
Pots and pans
Paper towels
If you have a pet, don't forget food and water bowls, food, cat litter, a litter pan, and a few favorite toys. Also, you might want to bring other items you would feel better about having with you rather than with the movers.
<|endofexample|>
The Netter Collection of Medical Illustrations - Nervous, Part I - Anatomy and Physiology
Please Note: While the images shown will be very similar to the images published in Collection of Medical Illustrations, Nervous System - Volume 1, Part 1, please realize that the text of the labels may differ.
<|endofexample|>
Our Catholic identity calls us to respond to migrants with respect, compassion, and dignity. Pope Benedict proclaims we must “help [immigrants] flourish in their new home.” Scripture reiterates the need for open arms, as the Old Testament called repeatedly for us to love migrants. In the New Testament, Christ’s identification with newcomers and people on the margin emphasizes our duty to embrace everyone, regardless of national orientation. Ultimately, as expressed in Pope Benedict XVI’s latest encyclical, Caritas in Veritate, “every migrant is a human person who, as such, possesses fundamental, inalienable rights that must be respected by everyone and in every circumstance.” (Section 62)
<|endofexample|>
I ran a short (three-session) track at 4G World in Chicago this week, continuing the theme of the Mobile Connect event we did in Boston in June. The concept behind Mobile Connect is how wireless and mobile benefit the enterprise, moving, if you will, up the protocol stack. If Interop is at its core all about Layers 1-3, then Mobile Connect is all about Layer-7. I'm not sure there will be another Mobile Connect in the coming year, but I will regardless be moving the Interop Wireless and Mobility program a bit up the stack as well. As I wrote earlier, we are reaching a degree of sufficiency (no, not abundance; we're a ways out from that, but there's progress nonetheless) in the availability of the technologies, products, and services of wireless and mobile that enables enterprises and other organizations to proceed ahead with large-scale mobile deployments, reaping the benefits without fear of unmanageable uncertainty and early obsolescence.
So, then, even given the geopolitical and economic uncertainties and challenges that now seem to be structural in nature, I see a boom ahead in enterprises taking advantage of wireless and mobile. And, as I've also written earlier, I think the cloud is essential to the future success of mobility, as it's simply infeasible to carry one's entire IT arsenal everywhere - this attempt being characteristic of the PC/applications-centric era of IT that mobility is rapidly bring to a close. It begins with cloud-based storage and information-sharing, proceeds with cloud-based apps, and eventually I see all but the largest organizations and governments moving essentially all of their IT capabilities into the cloud.
And who will the leading cloud services providers be? IMHO, I think the wireless carriers are best positioned to grab market share here. They are essential players in mobility today. They already sell to the enterprise. They have the operational support systems in place to enable a move into the IT services market. Sure, they are hardly experts here today - but consider that IBM completely transformed itself, over many years, granted, from a mainframe computer company and the originator of the PC into today's leading IT services provider. Dell and HP added IT services via acquisitions - and are now in trouble thanks to their legacy hardware businesses, making them takeover/breakup candidates that might prove interesting to emeging players. IBM really knew what they were doing, didn't they, even though such a direction seemed strange and perhaps even ill-advised at the time.
Anyway, as we head into the next era of IT, dominated by information-centric strategies rather than cool new wireless technologies and/or hot new smartphones and tablets, services will be king. The benefits for organizations of all forms could be enormous. The ball got rolling when wireless and mobile enabled us to begin to realize the vision of anytime, anywhere - the last good differentiator no matter what business you're in - and that ball is accelerating. And I think the carriers, again, vital players in the food chain of mobility, have a real shot at reaping the rewards of this new era if they have the vision to capitalize on it. The question is, of course: do they?
Mathias is a principal at Farpoint Group, a wireless advisory firm in Ashland, Mass.
<|endofexample|>
- 12 iPhones Apps That Will Make You a Networking Star
- 10 Careers Robots Are Taking From You
- Big Data Gold Isn't Always Where You Would Expect It
- 6 Tips to Build Your Social Media Strategy
IDG News Service - Despite an increasing number of successful cyberattacks launched by East Asian hackers against companies and government institutions around the world in recent years, Eastern European cybercriminals remain a more sophisticated threat to the global Internet, security researchers say.
Corporate cybercrime costs skyrocket
."
<|endofexample|>
Cascata
One Cascata Dr
Boulder City, NV, 89005
Phone(s): (877) 464-6534
Visit Website
Boulder City, NV, 89005
Phone(s): (877) 464-6534
Visit Website
The 18-hole Cascata Golf Course in Boulder City, Nevada is a public golf course that opened in 2000. Designed by Rees Jones, Cascata Golf Course measures 7137 yards from the longest tees and has a slope rating of 143 and a 74.6 USGA rating. The course features 5 sets of tees for different skill levels.
See also
Articles:
- Cascata: the ultimate Rees Jones experience
- Cascata - complete with waterfall and forecaddies - lets you golf like a high roller
- Gallery: Cascata Golf Club in Boulder City near Las Vegas
- Cascata: Golf at its finest near Las Vegas
- Gallery: Cascata a high-end golf experience just 30 minutes from the Las Vegas Strip
- Cascata near Las Vegas is an exclusive golf experience accessible to all
Golf course details
- Holes: 18
- Designed by: Rees Jones
- Public/Private: Public
- Year opened: 2000
- Golf Season: Year Round
- Guest Policy: Tee Times Needed
- Tee times welcomed: Yes
- Fairways:
- Greens:
Facilities
- Pro in house:
- Driving range: Yes - 25 tees
- Rental clubs: Yes
- Rental carts: Yes
Green fees price ranges
- Week days: $300 - $500
- Weekends: $300 - $500
Course policies
- Metal spikes allowed: Soft
- Dress code:
- Credit cards accepted:
<|endofexample|>
I'm not going to do a protracted post because I'm typing on a touchscreen which isn't the most efficient way to write large volume posts. For those who think I go on too long, you can thank Steve Jobs and my disinterest in getting out my laptop for the brevity. For those who enjoy the longer posts, they'll resume soon enough. As I did last time around, I won't go through the entire set of options but I'll give you some sense of how I'm thinking about my decisions. Here's the breakdown:
1) My sense of strategy in a short tournament is that you need to do well in the group stages because there are only so many options to separate yourself from the rest once the knockout stages start.
2) The fact that there were so many draws means that lots of teams will be forced to play their best players on Match Day 2 & 3.
Those two factors are leading me to think that the time to play your wild card is now. The reasons to save it would be if you're mostly happy with your current team and can save it one more Match Day. After the group stages it will be less valuable since you have more free transfers available.
So, where do you go from here? If you're spending only a single free transfer then I'd go with the best Spanish player you can find for the match-up with Ireland. I'm going with Cesc Fabregas and Jordi Alba but Xavi, Iniesta, and Silva could also make sense.
If you're full up on Spanish players then I'd be looking at Russians (Arshavin and Dzageov) and Italians (Buffon and Pirlo) based on match-ups over the next two matches. I'd recommend an Italian forward as well but I'd have a hard time figuring out who will start between Di Natale and Balotelli. I'd start Di Natale in a second if he were a confirmed starter.
Outside of those options, I like the Ukrainian wingers against France's Poor outside fullbacks. I also wouldn't object to keeping anyone from Group A not playing Russia and the strong players from any team in Group D (Benzema, Ibra, Kallstrom, Ashley Young, and sadly John Terry).
If you're wondering, I'm staying away from the highest priced forwards and anyone in the Holland/Germany match. I'm not sure how much to buy in to the Danes even after te beat Holland and beat Portugal for first in their qualifying group. The Danes certainly won't score a ton and you definitely don't want them against even a second string Germany so I'd not invest heavily even if you're buying the story.
So, as you can probably tell, I've decided to use my wild card. I hope that helps you decide on yours and prioritize your transfers even if you save the wild card.
Good luck with your picks and we'll see you back for The Barn Door Live tomorrow.
There are 74 Comments. Load Now.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!
<|endofexample|>
Looking for way to strengthen your community?
Volunteer with a local community organization. Visit the New Yorker State Commission on National and Community Services to find a volunteer activity that matches your interests.
Want to volunteer at the ONA Opportunity Center?
We encourage English-proficient New Yorkers to volunteer to assist new Americans use a computer or tablet device to practice English, conduct one-on-one or group conversation practice session, and much more.
Participate in the Community
Whether it is participating in your local school board meeting, providing good nutrition information to the public, or giving a neighbor or friend a hand with a task or need, participation in your community helps build healthier and stronger communities. New Americans are already contributing to these important civic duties.
The New York State Office for New Americans encourages newcomers to further strengthen their communities by volunteering their time to a community-based organization in their area. Visit the New Yorker State Commission on National and Community Services to match volunteer activities with their interests.
<|endofexample|>
Be in the know about credit union events, promotions, board meetings, and a whole lot more with the up-to-the-minute calendar below and make savvy choices about your credit union participation. Print out your own copy, and make it easy to keep track of your credit union’s happenings that matter most to you.
Newark Firemen Federal Credit Union
NFFCU was chartered in 1940 to service the financial needs of the members and their families, of the Fire Department of the City of Newark. 
Phone / Email
Address
<|endofexample|>
Men's Hats & Gloves - Endurance Club Cap
Designed to keep you comfortable even when you're at your most active, the Endurance Club Cap keeps your eyes shielded from the sun and its harmful UV rays.
Endurance Club Cap
Men's Hats & Gloves
- Style#
$17.99
Color:color size
Qty:
You May Also Like
- NB907-D57MHats & Gloves2 colors available$19.99
- N301Socks4 colors available$12.99
- N240Socks1 color available$12.99
- NB-3020Hats & Gloves2 colors available$29.99
<|endofexample|>
Men's Classics - New Balance 565
This classic retro-style running shoe, with its durable IMEVA midsole, molded rubber outsole and stylish suede upper, is a great choice65
Men's Classics
- Style#
$54.99 - $69.99
color sizewidth
Please Select a WidthWidth Chart Width:
Qty:
This shoe runs true to size. Order your regular athletic shoe size.
You May Also Like
- ML574Classics2 colors availableN/A
- M373Classics3 colors available$62.99
- ML501Classics5 colors available$64.99
- ML574-VShop Classics4 colors available$74.99
<|endofexample|>
Women's Running - New Balance 770v3
The perfect everyday trainer, the New Balance 770v
233 grams
<|endofexample|>
The following is a list of food pantries in the Greater Newburyport area.
Donations are always needed of non-perishable food items, particularly jelly, mayonnaise, ketchup, pasta sauce, canned stews, hearty soups, boxed meals and snacks that can be put in children's lunches, such as fruit cups and juice boxes.
Also household cleaning products, toiletries and hygiene items, including shampoo, soap, toilet paper, toothpaste and toothbrushes, deodorant, feminine products and diapers of all sizes.
Donations by cash or checks are always welcome.
Our Neighbors' Table
Serves Amesbury, Boxford, Byfield, Georgetown, Groveland, Merrimac, Newbury, Newburyport, Salisbury, South Hampton, West Newbury.
145 Main St., Amesbury
Hours: Monday, Tuesday and Friday, 9:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., Wednesday, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Wednesday night meals: 4 to 6 p.m.
Sunday Night Soups: Pilgrim Congregational Church, 27 Church St., Merrimac, 4 to 5:30 p.m., on the last Sunday of each month, October through April.
Saturday food pantry: For residents of Amesbury and South Hampton, every Saturday, 9:30 a.m. to noon. Open to residents of Merrimac, Newburyport, Newbury, West Newbury, Groveland, Salisbury, Rowley, Byfield, Boxford and Georgetown.
Merrimac mobile food pantry (Merrimac residents only). Every first and third Saturday, 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Merrimac Senior Center, 100 East Main St., Merrimac.
For more information, call 978-388-1907, Emergency Food Hotline: 978-835-3016, or visit
Community Action, Inc.
Serves Amesbury and Merrimac only.
Amesbury Center Food Pantry
44A Friend St., Amesbury
978-388-2570
Hours: Monday and Tuesday, 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.; Thursday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Community Service of Newburyport
Serves Newbury, Newburyport and West Newbury
31 Green St., Newburyport
Hours: Monday-Thursday, 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.
978-465-7562,.
Salvation Army of Newburyport
40 Water St., Newburyport
Serves the Greater Newburyport area
Food Pantry: Monday and Wednesday, 12:30 to 4:30 p.m., Thursday, 12:30 to 5 p.m.
Meal programs: Wednesday lunch, 11:10 a.m. to noon; Thursday dinner, 5 p.m.
For more information, call 978-465-0883
The Pettengill House
13 Lafayette Road, Salisbury
Serves communities throughout the lower Merrimack Valley
Hours: Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Tuesday, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., and Friday, 9 a.m. to
<|endofexample|>
AMESBURY — The Amesbury Council on Aging along with Amesbury Elementary School and Cashman Elementary School have partnered together. The new program will bring handmade placemats from the students to the home-bound seniors in our community.
The Amesbury COA is a meal site for the Merrimack Valley Nutrition Plan that is funded in part through Elder Services of the Merrimack Valley. Each person who receives the Meals on Wheels will be the recipient of a handmade placemat two times a month. Themes will surround the holidays, lesson plans and the academics the children are working on in the classroom.
The seniors will receive these placemats to use or display as they choose. The Amesbury Public Schools are supportive of the Council on Aging and are pleased to be partnering with the Council on Aging to bring this program.
<|endofexample|>
116 Days to Go: $1 Remake
So the photo that I had pulled from this dress that I’ve had hanging on my rack for months ended up not being correct. Of course – I saw ruffles and a floral pattern and thought I had it when in fact I never shot the piece! Party foul, Maris!
To give you a complete idea of what this piece looked like before, I found two PERFECT dresses that would most definitely work for a ‘If They Mated’ segment a la Conan O’Brien. (Here’s a vintage clip…)
The dress basically looked like this except it was knee length and cotton. There was sheer lace in a V shape, cascading ruffles with lace trim, and more ruffles at the bottom of the piece with lace trim. Pretty much this in a nutshell…
…with a floral pattern like below.
Basically a shortened version of #1 with the pattern of #2. Got it? Feel prepared? Let’s finish it
<|endofexample|>
great case that is sturdy and solid. The front panel is incredibly easy to remove all you do is lightly pull the bottom ...”— Sephira Lutherinne 5/30/2009
“Very good looking case. I love the bright green neon!!! Case is easy to build, though on my case, the cdroms ...”— J 10/1/2009
<|endofexample|>
LookoutDirect is a PC-based Human Machine Interface (HMI) software package from National Instruments (based on their Lookout® object-based automation software). LookoutDirect does everything you need an HMI to do, at half the price charged by most of our competitors.
LookoutDirect is a feature-packed 500-I/O version of the original package and includes drivers for the top 10 PLC/RTU products, plus our own DirectLOGIC driver. With all of these features, LookoutDirect is clearly the best PC- based HMI solution for all ranges of PLC control systems.
LookoutDirect has an easy-to-use configuration package that requires no programming or scripting. The object-oriented, event-driven architecture provides an outstanding graphical interface to your process.
You can easily create graphical representations of devices and link these objects to your PLC system for real-time data acquisition, graphical animation, alarm generation, report printing, and network connection to your business system.
<|endofexample|>
0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
Schumacher was the better driver that season, just that action made his title controversial. Respect to schumi anyway. He was by far the titan of his time. But I still liked Hill, Villeneuve & Hakkinen better .
Nice reason not to like someone
No luck... I guess it's just time to show what he's got without the luck He's been lucky for a long time. (And having a girlfriend like that is also luck )
He was lucky last season
Glock kept going on his old tyres, while all the other drivers went in for new ones. Once you keep going too long in those conditions the tyres wear off really fast. Glock also lost his place to Vettel just moments before..
Nah, knowing Ferrari they would definitely have protested after the race if they felt the same.
How could i miss the Formula 1 thread?!I really like it.This year is being a bit different, Barrichello is one the fastest, that' rare.
Page created in 0.09 seconds with 22 queries.
<|endofexample|>
0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
you mean OUR grandchildren
This is simply a revenge mission by the US on Libya. This will teach them a lesson for attacking Doc Emmett Brown in Back to the Future....... Damn Libyans
I think she means yours and my grandchildren
well if we're both in at the same time, would that create a super sexy Dr. Canadian Bacon?
Say no more....
Ever notice how threads around here don't stay on topic for long?
Johan is not nuts. At least not anymore nuts than the rest of us. He is ruled by his own psychology, which includes jealousy that he cannot sing that high.
Ever notice how sexy Better and Dr. Jack are, damn those 2 are mighty fine, even better when they're together in me
I can only agree!
It's like she read our mind is there anything else on our minds?
I'll say paranoia, speculations, accusations If Crazy Child is who she says she is, a check from Admin/Mod of her IP address and account will show that she posts from her PC in the States and that she has a static not dynamic account, the way it'll show I'm posting from my laptop in Sofia and also have a static account.If that's not the case, you can bet both your balls it's not me but either a native English speaker or a non-native speaker with much better command of English than me and penchant for Google who's fucking with me or just someone from the La Familia Era.I have absolutely no interest to have an account like Crazy Child's. Besides if I have to say sth to someone I'll say it straight using my own account instead of addressing/insulting people in the stupid, redneck way she's doing it so personally I have absolutely nothing against the above check.
Say no more....
*coughpmmecough*
I can only speculate, I just got paranoid when 'it' referenced you with Muse.
Okay.Who is Crazy Child's first account?
What are you people talking about? I am one person, a female, not an "it" BTY. I referred to Euterpe as "the muse of music" in a friendly way! Whan I said " muse of music" I was referring to her username, Euterpe. Euterpe was one of the seven muses in Greek mythology. Euterpe was the muse of music, I thought it was a clever name, since we are on a site dedicated mostly to music, THAT IS ALL. I have no idea about any of this other business of which you speak! I'm still new here, how would I know? Futhermore, the comments posted above were very prejudicial(American, redneck, La Familia, etc), unfounded, and just plain nasty. Last I checked, this was not the flamers section. I joined this site to have friendly chats with people about music. If this is how you people are going to be, I am going to close my account. I thought that people overseas had a bit more couth than Americans, which appealed to me. Apparently not.And, everyone is off topic. I know because I posted the question.
Page created in 0.149 seconds with 23 queries.
<|endofexample|>
Ninja Action
Ninja Action (2003-2012)4.55 / 5.00 25,156 Views
Game Grumps Naruto
NINE TAILS BABY!!4.40 / 5.00 31,466
I loved it and am showing everyone i know! My best girl loves turtles!
Awesome. Thanks for the comment. I hope your friend enjoys it too!
Rated 5 / 5 stars January 30, 2013
The only thing missing was an cameo of Mineturtle!
Somewhere, Mineturtle is pleased :D!
<|endofexample|>
May 18 2013 Latest news:
Pat Coughtrey
, News Editor
Sunday, June 17, 2012
3:00 PM
Stratford’s explosive regeneration - second only to Canary Wharf - is not built around the development of the Olympic Park alone...it’s been planned for years.
Addressing a debate of movers and shakers in the property market, Clive Dutton, Newham Council’s Executive Director for Regeneration and Inward Investment, explained: “The property opportunities in Newham haven’t materialised simply because of the Olympics; the area has had long term sustainable growth plans for years now and the Games have simply helped speed these plans up. There is real potential for businesses with foresight to jump at these opportunities now.”
He boasted of the boroughs accepted “fantastic” transport infrastructure in place, with 11 railway lines and City Airport close by.
“With Westfield shopping centre, unique open spaces, leisure and entertainment services, Stratford offers the whole package and reflects the growing trend of an all-round offer, which is now being seen across the globe in places like San Francisco.” Newham, he said, is raising the bar on London’s versatile office portfolio.
The round table discussions involved Olympic legacy stakeholders, developers and commercial property agents and centred on why companies should be looking east for their office solutions.
Millions of square feet of state-of-the-art office space is being built around the Olympic site in legacy developments designed to offer companies an alternative home to London’s established business hubs.
With £1.6 billion of private investment made in Stratford over the last two years, and an extra £12.5 billion from the Government, the group discussed what the newly regenerated Newham could look like in five years’s time, and how much of the excitement was simply Olympic fever.
The panel heard about investment in retail, housing and commercial property from Westfield Stratford City, Landprop, part of the Ikea group and Lend Lease and London & Continental Railways.
With the development of a new campus for University College London to be built on the Olympic Park, it seems those investing in the area see it as a long term option - one that will far outlive the prestigious event which initially brought the area into the spotlight.
Richard Smith, Managing Director of Search Office Space said: “From our perspective, it’s great to have a brand new part of London to speak to businesses about as an office location they may never have considered before.
The comedian Eddie Izzard has hit out at London Mayor Boris Johnson whilst maintaining he is ready for the challenge of pursuing politics himself.
<|endofexample|>
Enlarge / Alternate Images
Disposable bikinis provide clients with cool, comfortable coverage during skin services or massage. Featuring breathable fabric and an extra-wide waistband, the bikinis are individually wrapped to ensure single use.
Use during massage, waxing, body wraps.
Award Winning, Professional Massage, Body Care and Aromatherapy Products.
Achieve professional results with the best waxing & depilatory products available.
<|endofexample|>
Call
0843 316 1148
We're also offering some fantastic 'Allocated on Arrival' packages. Choose a star-rating and board-basis to suit your budget, and you'll be allocated an appropriate hotel. We guarantee a good standard in return for your flexibility, and of course you will still be able to enjoy any optional excursions that may be available and all the delights of your chosen destination.
N.B. The hotels allocated may not be in the specific resorts featured on the website.
From £399.00
From £399.00
From £399.00
From £379.00
From £349
<|endofexample|>
NEWPORT-You have to wonder how much more productive this offensive machine for the North Country Falcons can be. The 2-0 Falcons ran for 365 yards on the ground and pounded visiting U-32 on both sides of the ball, ransacking their East Montpelier opponents 73-6.
Jason Hatin was the big man in the offense scoring four touchdowns on the ground from 2, 3, 5 and 37 yards out. He added an 84 yard kickoff return for good measure as NCU dominated. Quarterback Tre Sanville scored twice and threw a touchdown pass as well.
U-32 began the contest with good yardage on the counter play. On their second snap a big collision on the Raider ball carrier shook the pigskin loose. Jason Webster out fought everyone for the ball and the Falcons were in business at the U-32 33 yard line. NCU wasted little time as Hatin blasted in from the five yard line behind a big surge from center Ben Bonneau and Bubba Collins.
After an exchange of punts senior signal caller Tre Sanville rumbled in from the four to complete the Falcon’s second scoring series.. His run,two plays previously for a first down on a 12 yard carry, set things up nicely. The drive was highlighted by a 28 pickup from LeClair and a bruising 14 yard rumble from fullback Adam Pothier. LeClair picked up 12 on another carry but ran a good fifty yards on the play as he changed direction three times to end up with a very positive gain.
The Falcons defense was up to task as Adam Fortin, Collins, and Webster took turns delivering telling blows to Raider ballcarriers. That got the ball quickly back to the offense and they knew what to do with the pigskin.
Two minutes later the explosive Nick LeClair turned the right hand corner and cruised into the end zone from 23 yards out. For the first time in three attempts, the Falcons connected on the two point conversion as Adam Pothier, the Falcons version of the rambling wreck from Georgia Tech, slammed in from the three.
After a 20-0 first period, NC did not let up. They produced 24 second quarter points. Tre Sanville banged in from the three before Hatin added another score three minutes later. LeClair and Pothier completed the two point additions respectively. Sanville then got into the aerial assault as he rolled out to his right and lofted a soft pass into the end zone where Jacob Buckles hauled it in from 21 yards out. Pothier crashed into pay dirt for the two conversion and NCU led 44-0 at the halftime horn.
The third period saw the home team keep producing huge gains offensively. Hatin broke one wide open from 37 yards out. Pothier added the running conversion before Hatin stomped in from the two for another touchdown.
U-32 responded with MacIsaac running in from 13 yards.
The following kickoff was picked up by Hatin on the 15, he veered left and raced to the endzone from 85 yards out.
Head Coach Bob Davis totally cleared his bench. Sophmore Ty Sanville ran in a five yarder followed by Buffi’s extra point kick. NCU closed out the incredible 73 point night with a safety as the ball was fumbled out of the end zone.
The Falcons racked up 14 first downs to U-32’s 7. They forced U-32 to fumble five times and averaged 8.4 yards from scrimmage themselves with their running game churning out 365 yards.
Head Coach Bob Davis had this to say after the game, “We really improved in terms of running our option offense, that was great to see. We had five kids with over 40 yards rushing. We also made adjustments to our passing game even though we did not throw much. the kids worked hard and were happy to show off their new uniforms, which they designed themselves. Our kids are big and they’re athletic, and that’s a great combination to have.”
North Country indeed broke out the new threads Friday night as they played their first home game of the year. In case you missed the fresh Falcon designed uni’s, NCUHS returns to action next Friday as they host a very strong Fair Haven Slater team. Kickoff for the home coming weekend at 7 pm.
Links:
[1]
<|endofexample|>
The Wallow wildfire is still raging after more than two weeks, today becoming the largest wildfire in Arizona history. READ MORE >>. READ MORE >>
Sarah Palin: She’s Just Like Us!. READ MORE >>
On The Patriot Act, The Polls Say Everything
Today,. READ MORE >>
EPO And Lance Armstrong: What's The Risk?. READ MORE >>
Pages
- « first
- 1
- 2
- 3
<|endofexample|>
Jessica Mauboy, The Wiggles and the Hyde Park playground mean Australia Day will be a cracker
- From: The Daily Telegraph
- January 17, 2013
Jessica Mauboy will perform on a floating stage on Australia Day. Picture: Nic Gibson Source: The Daily Telegraph
HYDE Park will be turned into a giant playground, Jessica Mauboy will sing on a floating stage, and the new Wiggles will perform their debut Sydney show for free - Australia Day is set to be a cracker.
Sydney will be the focus for the national Australia Day celebrations, with the official program of events revealed this morning.
Hyde Park will be transformed into a Summer Playground, complete with activities for children, a concert by The Wiggles and a "rejuvenation zone" for parents.
The CARnival motor show will see more than 600 vehicles take over Macquarie St, while boaters are encouraged to dress up their decks for the Best Dressed Vessels awards at Athol Bay and Blues Point Reserve.
There's the annual Ferrython race to be the first to cross under the Harbour Bridge, the Great Australian Swim from Farm Cove, a fireworks extravaganza at Darling Harbour, and to continue the water theme, Mauboy's set will see her sing at two locations along the harbour.
The Rocks will also host the Festival of the Voice, with free outdoor performances of roots, soul, pop, cabaret, jazz and rock music, headed up by Ash Grunwald and Gurrumul.
Celebrities have shared their messages of thanks in the Thank You Australia campaign.
Australia Day ambassador Kate Ritchie - who took the opportunity to say thanks for "letting me chose who I want to be" - said the video will keep the gratitude going long after January 26.
"On Australia Day we always think about these things but it's nice to be thinking about it all year round," she said.
"There's lots of comical thank yous. People have taken a lighthearted approach and then the more heartfelt ones."
Abbott 'plans to raise GST' - Labor
LABOR cabinet member Bill Shorten warns Tony Abbott would increase the GST if elected PM, though Coalition says it's not on the agenda.
<|endofexample|>
Fighting erupts in northern Mali
- From: AAP
- February 24, 2013
Fresh fighting has erupted in northern Mali between ethnic Tuaregs and an unidentified armed group. Source: AAP
FRESH fighting has erupted in northern Mali between ethnic Tuaregs and an unidentified armed group, the latest violence in the wake of a French-led campaign that drove radical Islamists from major cities.
Tuaregs of the Azawad National Liberation Movement (MNLA) were fighting on Saturday what one source said "seemed to be Arab fighters" near the northern town of Tessalit, where suicide car bombers killed three people a day earlier.
The to flush out Islamists from northern Mali.
 region between Tessalit and Kidal is strategically important, seen as a stronghold for many Tuaregs and used by Islamists as a hideout from French forces., without elaborating..
French-led forces met little resistance during the initial offensive that drove the Islamists from the main northern centres of Gao, Kidal and Timbuktu.
Now, however, they are facing a guerrilla campaign that includes sudden raids, suicide attacks and land mines.
On Friday, Chad, which also has troops Mali, suffered its heaviest losses so far after clashes with Islamists in the mountainous northern Ifoghas region.
The Chadian army said the fighting claimed the lives of 13 Chadian soldiers and 65 Islamists.
Abbott 'plans to raise GST' - Labor
LABOR cabinet member Bill Shorten warns Tony Abbott would increase the GST if elected PM, though Coalition says it's not on the agenda.
<|endofexample|>
Five face murder charges in gang-rape case
- From: AAP
-.
Abbott 'plans to raise GST' - Labor
LABOR cabinet member Bill Shorten warns Tony Abbott would increase the GST if elected PM, though Coalition says it's not on the agenda.
<|endofexample|>
Television
LaPaglia's backing for Assange
- From: The Advertiser
- September 05, 2012
Underground, The Julian Assange Story starring Laura Wheelwright (Electra) And Alex Williams (Julian Assange). Picture: Ten Source: Supplied
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's life as a computer hacker is revealed in the book Underground: Hacking Madness & Obsession on the Electronic Frontier. Source: AP
of 2
ACTOR Anthony LaPaglia has lashed out at the Australian Government over its lack of support for Julian Assange.
The Without A Trace star, who appears in the upcoming telemovie on Julian's early life, Underground, says he's a big fan of the WikiLeaks founder.
Julian is holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London after obtaining diplomatic asylum.
"I am a little dismayed by the (Australian) Government's lack of effort here. He's an Australian citizen and you are innocent until proven guilty," Anthony says.
Abbott 'plans to raise GST' - Labor
LABOR cabinet member Bill Shorten warns Tony Abbott would increase the GST if elected PM, though Coalition says it's not on the agenda.
<|endofexample|>
News Articles for "Inflation"
US consumer prices fall 0.4 pct. on cheaper gas
A plunge in the cost of gas drove down a measure of U.S. consumer prices last month by the most since December 2008. Excluding the drop in fuel costs, pri...read more
Ahead of the Bell: US Consumer Price Index
U.S. consumer prices likely fell in April for the second straight month, largely because of cheaper gas and energy. Economists forecast that the consumer ...read more
High NZ dollar, moderate growth forecast
There will be no relief for exporters from a high New Zealand dollar for years but the overall economy will notch up annual growth of between two and three...read more
New Zealand central bank gets new powers
New Zealand is tweaking the central model it once held up to the rest of the world as an example for others to follow.Finance Minister Bill English said ha...read more
<|endofexample|>
Like?
The primary focus of the class might not be Twilight, Buffy the Vampire Slayer or The Vampire Diaries, but the resurging popularity of vampires has certainly helped stimulate interest in Our Vampires, Ourselves, a first-year German studies course.
A passion for humanitarian work recently prompted a pair of University of Toronto undergraduate students to investigate the plight of child soldiers in Uganda. Now, after spending over three months in the country, they are taking their findings to the United Nations and elsewhere for action.
To video gamers, the name Microsoft Kinect is synonymous with the Xbox 360 video game console. To University of Toronto graduate student Uzma Khan, the motion-sensing input device offered a myriad of other possibilities.
Khan, a master’s degree student in applied computing, used the course Topics in Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) to explore the ways Kinect might be used in elementary school classrooms for gesture and speech recognition.
Everywhere you turn of late, it seems you’re confronted with a bottle of alcohol-based hand sanitizer. We asked Professor James Scott whether these formulations work—and if so, how?
Two groups of MBA students from the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto will be kicking off the New Year by exploring the opportunities and challenges of doing business in the global economy. One group will be exploring the still emerging economy of China while the second will be exploring the established economies of Europe. The tours come at an interesting time as the global economy continues to search for a way forward from the economic downturn of recent years..
At this time of year, amid the flurry of holiday shopping and end of semester bustle peace, understanding and good will toward one’s fellow human beings maybe the last thing on people’s minds.
The World Health Organization considers HIV a worldwide pandemic. In sub-Saharan Africa alone, more than 22 million people are living with it.
James Dou, a University of Toronto PhD candidate in electrical and computer engineering, and his supervisor, Professor Stewart Aitchison, vice-dean (research) for the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering, have developed an affordable and efficient lab-on-a-chip that can revolutionize HIV monitoring in developing countries.
© University of Toronto | Contacts
University of Toronto, 21 King's College Circle, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 1A1
<|endofexample|>
By Lee Anne Culpepper, Networx
Color trends change every three to four years. The American market is saturated with the color trend of that moment in time as manufacturers produce it in textiles, paint, clothing, automobiles, china, napkins, and the list goes on. But what do you do if you do not like the current trends? Don’t use them! Select your own personal palate that suits your needs.
Color trends, self confident, and bold for our country's emotional state, thus brown became the trend. The color brown is associated with sadness and wistfulness but on the other side of the equation is also deemed as solid and reliable, the color of. When asked, most people associate gray with a rainy day, hibernation, lack of confidence. While true that the proper gray color can have a pleasant and relaxing affect because it is a neutral color, gray reflected the economic status of the U.S. as homes were foreclosing and the “prosperity” of yesterday was lost.
This brings us up to date, the current trend is white with reclaimed and repurposed furniture pieces and the “less is more” approach to design. Again, the current color trend expresses our current economic status. Gone are the lavish interiors and large furniture and layers of accessories which signify wealth and a show of money. The non-color white signifies simplicity and efficiency with an open clean non-cluttered look. However, if you feel that white is hygienic and sterile, the color of a sanitarium and that you have better things to do with your time than to keep it clean, here are some alternatives that might work for you.
Alternative: Neutrals
Last, but not to be overlooked, are the.
Source:
<|endofexample|>
Both education referendums passing a sign of improving economy?
LA CROSSE, Wis. -- Both the La Crosse School and Western Tech referendums on the ballot passed.
So with voters deciding to increase their property taxes, is this a sign of an improving economy?
Taxes were one of the bigger issues in this election season. While asking people to voluntarily increase their taxes doesn't always work, it gets a little bit easier as the economy picks up and if the money is going towards something voters see is beneficial.
Both education referendums were worth nearly $100 million.
And for some of voters, it was an easy “yes” vote to both.
“We need to look to the future and have a place for our kids and even for people who are at technical college who are going back to school,” said Tracy Deml of La Crosse.
But for some, the cost was just too high.
“I was voting against the ‘mega school’ concept in favor of preserving the neighborhood schools,” said Ann Peterson.
Both referendums passed. In fact, the La Crosse Referendum passed by a two-to-one margin.
UW-La Crosse assistant professor of economics, Adam Hoffer, said the support for the two referendums could be an indication the economy is turning around.
“I think that's one of the reasons people are willing to invest again because that's what these both referenda really are, is an investment in infrastructure [and] in the community in the area, and hoping to make La Crosse more economically competitive in the future,” said Hoffer.
Hoffer said voting on these two referendums a few years ago could have had very different outcomes.
“The debt ceiling debate, I think, was much hotter a few years ago,” said Hoffer. “So this would have been asking us to take on more debt, when we were torn at a national level about whether we could afford to take on more debt, so a few years ago, I'm not so sure.”
While La Crosse residents will soon see a property tax increase of nearly $65 a year per $100,000 valuation of a home, Hoffer said it’s no surprise La Crosse voters chose to invest in schools.
“Health care and education, it’s all we have in this town,” said Hoffer. “So if we look at what the people of La Crosse are interested in, it wasn't surprising to me that we would not only want to invest more in our technical schools, but also in our elementary schools as well.”
Hoffer said there's still a long way to go before the economy is fully back on its feet -- with things like improving the housing market as well as fixing the national debt problem, but both referendums passing in La Crosse is a good start.
La Crosse school officials think it will take about six months of planning and another 18 months to build the school with an opening date in the fall of 2014.
The plan at Western Technical College is to have most of the renovations completed by 2016, with some of the money going toward the school’s larger goal to train 1,000 more students a year by 2020.
Copyright 2012 by WKBT News8000. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
Wisconsin second in the nation with high school grad rates
Wisconsin has a history of ranking high among states for high school graduation rates.
Now, with a new measuring system being used for the first time, Wisconsin still ranks near the top, tying for the second spot in the nation.
The U.S. Department of Education is measuring states' graduation rates in a new and uniform way.
Before this year, the rates were measured differently in each state, which made it difficult to compare them accurately.
But now, a new method tracks students the same way in every state.
"The former way was it was tallied. It was a legacy. It wasn't just a four year 9-to-12 grade model. The new method under No Child Left Behind is intended to be a little bit more accurate and takes a look from ninth grade to the summer of their 12th grade year to take that comparison, so it's really an apples-to-apples comparison," said Troy Harcey, associate superintendent of instruction in the La Crosse School District.
Under the new measurement, Wisconsin comes in second in the nation with an 87 percent graduation rate.
The La Crosse School District comes in even higher, with about a 94 percent graduation rate.
Which raises the question, "Why are we doing so well?"
"There is such a collaborative effort with the community, with the schools and with people in the schools. Everybody is really focused on how important it is to make sure these kids are provided with the best education," said Dr. Deborah Markos, associate principal of Logan High School.
"Here at Central High School and at other schools, there are transition programs for freshman to welcome them into high school. Then once they start school, we have monitoring systems set up to make sure we have as many students as possible to be credit-current and to make sure they're on track to graduate," said Jeff Fleig, principal of Central High School.
"We're a 360-degree service for students with all the supports we have -- that includes things we have that are outside of the school building," said Harcey.
But even though Wisconsin is near the top in the nation, all educators agree, there's still plenty of work to be done.
"There's always room for improvement. Until we have 100 percent of our kids proficient or advanced or 100 percent of our kids graduating, we just can't stop improving," said Fleig.
"We don't want to say good is good enough, because it never is, and we want to be challenging Iowa for number one in the future," said Harcey.
Iowa took the top spot with an 88 percent graduation rate.
Wisconsin tied for second with Vermont, and Minnesota tied with three other states for 10th place.
The U.S. Department of Education said Nevada came in with the lowest graduation rate at 62 percent.
Copyright 2012 by WKBT News8000. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
Peterson not enough in Minnesota's 30-20 loss
SEATTLE (AP) -- Adrian Peterson made one of the best defenses in the league look lost. Whether he was running in between the tackles or going to the edge, Peterson galloped through Seattle's defense like no one has in more than three years.
It was in other areas where the Vikings could not match what Peterson was doing.
"Adrian is a beast. Adrian was amazing today. He should get tomorrow off and we should all go to work," Minnesota defensive end Jared Allen said. "It is just embarrassing, two weeks in a row and it is absolutely embarrassing. I apologize to our fans; we have to get this thing fixed."
Peterson ran for 182 yards and two touchdowns, his best game since 2008, but Minnesota could not overcome three first-half touchdown passes by Russell Wilson and 124 yards from Marshawn Lynch in Seattle's 30-20 win on Sunday that could have greater implications later in the season.
Minnesota lost for the third time in four games and this one stings more because of how dynamic Peterson was in the first half. He went for 74 yards on the second play of the game, getting tracked down at the 1-yard line before scoring two plays later. His 144 yards on 12 carries was the best first half performance of Peterson's career. He had runs of 74, 24, 16 and 15 in the opening 30 minutes.
And then he disappeared. Peterson had just five carries for 38 yards in the second half with 28 coming on one run. His last carry came with 13:06 remaining and the Vikings trailing 27-20. In the final 11:49, Minnesota had possession for all of 56 seconds.
"Usually when we run as well as we ran the ball today, that's a good sign for our football team, all the way around. We weren't able to capitalize on a terrific day by him, a great day," Minnesota coach Leslie Frazier said. "To run the ball as well as he did against the fifth ranked rushing defense in our league and to not come away with more as a team is disappointing."
Seattle ran out the final 5:27, converting a pair of fourth downs and relying on the legs of Lynch while Peterson was left to watch.
"I always want the ball more," said Peterson, who had his best day since running for 192 vs. Green Bay in the 2008 season. "That's just my mentality, especially when I'm hot, but I go out and do my job no matter what the play call is."
While Peterson was mostly a second-half spectator, the Vikings tried to get Christian Ponder going. It was a failed attempt, as Ponder was just 4 of 9 for 21 yards in the second half. No Minnesota receiver had more than 14 yards receiving and Peterson was the leading receiver with three catches.
Ponder finished 11 of 22 for 63 yards and was sacked four times. He threw an interception in the fourth quarter when Minnesota barely held possession despite entering the quarter trailing just 27-20. It was the second time in three games that Ponder failed to top 70 yards.
"The past couple games it's been one-dimensional. We've seen what the passing game can do, early on in the season. We just got to get back to that," Ponder said. "We're good at throwing the ball, we've got good receivers, we've got good blocking for me. I just got to keep doing a better job of getting the ball in their hands. This offense isn't one-dimensional. We've shown that the past couple games, but we can throw the ball and we're going to figure it out and we're going to win in the end."
The matchup between the top two rushers in the NFL didn't disappoint, with Peterson's elusiveness causing headaches for Seattle's defense and Lynch's bullying runs giving headaches to the Vikings..
"His physical style. There were a couple of times I said to myself, `Nice move, nice cut or whatever,'" Peterson said of Lynch. "He does a great job of being physical, and that's what I'm all about, so he has my utmost respect."
The difference turned out to be Wilson, Seattle's improving rookie QB..
Wilson finished 16 of 24 for 173 yards and didn't throw an interception for just the second time in his last six games.
"To have the capability to play a certain way and to get smoked in your own house then come back and get smoked again, guy's mindsets have to change," Allen said. "From top to bottom, from coaches down to the quality control guys it's time to get this thing rolling and get back to what we were doing well."
Notes: Peterson's yards rushing were the most allowed by Seattle since Frank Gore went for 207 in 2009. ... Seattle LB K.J. Wright left in the first quarter with a concussion. ... Seattle now owns tiebreakers in the NFC over both Minnesota and Dallas.
Copyright 2012 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
Despicable: No one should have to deal with threats in dog caseThere is a part of the Mount Olive dog shooting case that has not been heard yet -- and it is one that should result in immediate action if the perpetrators can be traced. Colby Mangum, the young woman whose...
Please log in to see full story.
By Renee Carey
Published in Editorials on September 25, 2008 11:04 AM
<|endofexample|>
Sandrine Ceurstemont, video producer
Need to bury a dead rat? If there are sexton beetles around they'll do the job for you and decompose the body as well (see video above). The time-lapse, captured by BBC Scotland for a project called After Life that looks at the science of decay, follows the process over a 24 hour period. After about 12 hours, the rat disappears under the soil where the beetles orient its body and remove all its fur. "You can see that the soil gets fluffier," says photographer Graham Russell.
The rat was photographed in a garden area built for the project at Edinburgh Zoo. A kitchen was also constructed to observe decomposing food like a maggot-covered burger and a decomposing chicken. The clips will be part of a full-length programme airing on BBC Four later this year.
For more information, you can follow the project on Twitter @bbcrotbox.
If you enjoyed this time-lapse, you might like to see wild animals devour an elephant or check out the other videos in our Time-lapse Tuesday series.
Music used with thanks under Creative Commons licenses, Organometron by spinningmerkaba.
A natural process. But i think it would be controversial if they would tape a human body.
<|endofexample|>
LI's Bedell wine part of Capitol's inaugural lunch
Photo credit: Randee Daddona | Ripe merlot grapes ready for picking during harvest at Bedell Cellars Vineyard in Cutchogue. (Oct. 2, 2012)
Along with local politicos and influence peddlers, Long Island wine is heading to the nation's capital for President Barack Obama's second inauguration on Jan. 21. The North Fork's Bedell Cellars 2009 Merlot is one of three wines that will be served at the presidential luncheon in the Capitol after the ceremony.
"It's a rare honor, for sure," said Trent Preszler, CEO of the Cutchogue-based winery.
Bedell sent several bottles for the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies to consider, but Preszler was not surprised that the 2009 merlot, which retails for about $30, was selected. "Merlot is a grape that has worked really well for Long Island," he said, "and the 2009 vintage resulted in some of the most elegant red wines we've ever made."
Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), chairman of the inaugural committee, has seen to it that the whole meal is suffused with Empire State products. The Bedell merlot will be served with the luncheon's second course (hickory-grilled bison), but the first course (steamed lobster with New England chowder) will be accompanied by Tierce 2010 Dry Riesling from the Finger Lakes.
Dessert will feature an apple pie made with Hudson Valley apples, cheese from Otsego and honey from Rochester. In what appears to be a concession to interstate harmony, it will be paired with Korbel Natural, Special Inaugural Cuvée Champagne from California.
The inaugural luncheon is attended by the president, vice president, their families, congressional leaders, cabinet members and Supreme Court justices. The 200 guests are served in the Capitol's Statuary Hall right after the president's address. The next item on Obama's agenda will be the inaugural parade -- a good reason, perhaps, to go easy on the wine.
<|endofexample|>
Cadillac borrows Chevy Volt technology for hybrid model
Photo credit: Getty Images | Cadillac shows off its ELR extended-range luxury hybrid during the media preview at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. (Jan. 15, 2013)
When General Motors Co. decided to make a plug-in hybrid, there was lively discussion behind closed doors whether the first model should be a Chevrolet or a Cadillac. The Chevy arguments won out and the Volt was born.
The Volt -- the first car to mix all-electric capabilities with a gas engine to extend the range -- has had a tough time, with disappointing sales and, for Republicans during the presidential campaign, as a symbol of the failings of President Barack Obama’s auto-industry bailout.
Now, GM has a second chance with Volt technology: the Cadillac ELR plug-in hybrid, revealed Jan. 15 at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
“GM is saying to the world we’re committed to this extended-range hybrid system,” said Larry Dominique, executive vice president of TrueCar.com, a website that tracks auto sales.
The Volt, chosen as 2011’s North American Car of the Year, succeeded in satisfying its customers, with 92 percent of survey respondents telling Consumer Reports they would buy one again -- the second straight year it ranked highest. GM’s luxury brand Cadillac won its first such award yesterday with its ATS sedan.
While the electric-drive Cadillac won’t go on sale until 2014 and first-year sales will likely be small, it’s important to Cadillac and to GM. It will help to freshen Cadillac’s image at a time when other luxury brands, which tend to have higher profit margins than less-expensive vehicles, have pushed Cadillac to the second tier.
‘Provocative’ Technology
“The ELR puts us in a position to be provocative, to be a technology leader, to offer something that is unique and exclusive, and those sound like attributes that go back to ‘Cadillac’ the adjective,” Bob Ferguson, the brand’s leader, said in an interview last week.
In addition, offering another model for sale can spread the costs of the technology over more vehicles and reduce the cost per car to accelerate the time to break even on the expensive technology.
The ELR will compete most directly with offerings from unprofitable luxury electric-car start-ups Tesla Motors Inc. and Fisker Automotive Inc., rather than Toyota Motor Corp.’s Lexus luxury hybrids, which are based on technology used in the popular Prius line. GM’s new car will land closer to Bayerische Motoren Werke's BMW i3 electric model, set to go into production in the fourth quarter, and Volkswagen’s Porsche 918 Spyder, an $845,000 hybrid, coming later this year.
More Than Volt
While GM hasn’t said what the ELR will cost, it will be more than the Volt. It will probably cost around $60,000 to $70,000, said a person familiar with the pricing who asked not to be identified revealing private plans.
The Volt went on sale in 2010 with the aim of putting GM’s Chevrolet on the forefront of green technology globally and taking on Toyota’s mass-market Prius hybrid, which starts at $24,200. GM originally aimed to sell 60,000 Volts worldwide last year before lowering the target to 35,000. In the U.S., it sold 23,461. GM hasn’t said how many it sold worldwide.
Part of Volt’s problem has been price. Starting at $39,145, the four-seat small car loaded up with pricey batteries is much more costly than a similar-size traditional compact, even with a $7,500 tax credit. The Toyota Corolla, for example, starts at $16,230. The best deal on a Volt has been through a lease, with monthly payments currently advertised at $329 on Chevy’s website.
Cadillac Demographics
That’s one of the arguments for why offering Volt as a Cadillac may have helped. Cadillac buyers expect to pay more than Chevrolet buyers, and luxury buyers are also attracted to the latest in technology, such as the Volt’s unique powertrain system.
“The demographics of the electric-car buyer are really more in line with Cadillac than Chevrolet,” said Rebecca Lindland, an industry analyst with IHS Automotive.
Compared with buyers of mainstream models, luxury buyers more often finance the purchase with a lease, which often requires a smaller down payment or lower monthly bill. About 38 percent of Cadillac sales last year in the U.S. were leases, while Chevrolet had only 12 percent, according to Edmunds.com. Of GM’s U.S. Volt sales last year, 46 percent were leases, Edmunds said.
Since the days of Henry Leland, who founded Cadillac more than 110 years ago, the brand prided itself on having some of the auto industry’s innovations. Electric starters, power steering and mass-produced V-8 engines were first in Cadillac cars before costs came down and spread to cheaper vehicles. Volt technology would have been another in the list.
Brand Arguments
Ferguson acknowledged that’d he heard the arguments before that Cadillac should have gone first. Another GM executive, Ed Welburn, the company’s design chief, confirmed it was part of the early development discussions.
If the model was just for the U.S., then the arguments for selling the technology under a Cadillac badge first would be right, said Bob Lutz, the former GM vice chairman, who led development of the Volt.
“But Chevrolet was/is GM’s global brand, and we wanted global distribution,” he said in an e-mail. “A Cadillac- branded Volt would have had almost zero potential in Europe, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Australia and Asia.”
As the debate about Volt continued, GM designers and engineers worked in the background on the ELR. The new two-door Cadillac is sportier than the four-door Chevy. It’s as if the Volt and Cadillac CTS Coupe had a baby named ELR. The electric car’s styling includes a muscular hood, wide stance, 20-inch wheels and tail-lights that form slight wings that hint at Cadillac designs of a bygone era.
Interior Touches
Inside, the SLR has four seats, just as the Volt does, while the interior touches are less nerdy and more refined than its Chevrolet brother. Opus semi-aniline leather seats are offered and engineers dreamed up an electronic-assisted cup- holder door.
The Volt can go about 38 miles on all-electric power before the gasoline engine kicks on, Chris Thomason, ELR chief engineer said. The ELR, which is heavier, will go about 35 miles, while having a “radically” driving experience, he said, one that is “more performance-oriented.”
In focus groups held in California, GM found that potential buyers of the ELR, which starts production late this year, were interested in different things than Volt shoppers.
“The top question was not around fuel economy,” Ferguson said of ELR’s market. “It was more around performance, styling and technology leadership.”
While U.S. Volt sales may increase 70 percent to 40,000 this year, ELR’s first year of sales in 2014 may reach only 1,500, said Alan Baum, an industry researcher.
Still, this isn’t just about ELR sales, GM Chief Executive Officer Dan Akerson said last week in Detroit.
“It will be a statement car that I think will bring people into the showroom,” he said.
<|endofexample|>
Talk of the Tents
New York Fashion Week photos, live blogging, runway highlights and celebrities.
Bloggers
Archives
posts Next postSupermodel Karlie Kloss hands out cookies during Fashion Week
Arianna Huffington on how to dress for success
Photo credit: Nina Ruggiero | Arianna Huffington attends the Nanette Lepore show at New York Fashion Week. (Feb. 13, 2013).
PHOTOS: Celebrities at Fashion Week | Top runway looks | Heart Truth Red Dress Show
BLOGS: Talk of the Tents | Pop Cult."
Tags: New York Fashion Week , Arianna Huffington
<|endofexample|>
Pop Cult
Thoughts, ideas and videos from the world of movies, music, TV and everything else pop culture.
Bloggers
ArchivesMore »
posts Next post'Project Runway' top designers show at Fashion Week
Kellie Pickler shaves her head in support of friend with cancer
Photo credit: Russ Harrington | A freshly cropped Kellie Pickler, left, with her friend Summer Holt Miller.
Singer Kellie Pickler has shaved her head for a cause: her best friend.
Childhood buddy Summer Holt Miller had been diagnosed with breast cancer, so Pickler and she went under the clippers together. The two women -- both of whom had flowing blonde hair -- revealed their new crops Wednesday on "Good Morning America."
In a statement on Pickler's Facebook page, Miller is referred to as a "sister" who was diagnosed, at age 36, with cancer in June.
Pickler hinted about the head shaving Monday, tweeting, "Be sure to watch 'Good Morning America' tomorrow morning (Sept 5th). You won't want to miss this!!! ;)"
And the Twittersphere sent the love right back, with Ellen DeGeneres tweeting to Pickler, "You have never looked more beautiful."
Read Miller's online journal here.
<|endofexample|>
Fall races worth the sweat in the Hudson Valley
Photo credit: Handout | The Sleepy Hollow Halloween 10K takes place on Saturday, Oct. 20.
From a challenging trail half-marathon to a Halloween-themed 10K to a flat 5K Turkey Trot, options abound for road races once the weather turns cool. So why race in the fall? The reason's pretty obvious.
"The weather's better. It's cooler," said Tom Maile, a former president and current board member for the Taconic Road Runners (). "Races in the heat of summer are difficult for a lot of people."
With dozens of races taking place in Westchester, Rockland and the Hudson Valley this fall, we ask running experts to pick their favorite races -- those that are particularly scenic or interesting or popular or just plain fun. Below are their picks, plus seven honorable mentions, with plenty of options for serious runners and newbies alike.
Sunday, Oct. 14: Be Healthy Run-Walk in Nyack
Like other races on this list, the 22nd annual Be Healthy 5K Run-Walk has recently undergone some changes. Before last year's event, the race was a challenging 10K. This time around, that length has been halved and the course is flat and fast.
Hosted by the Nyack Hospital Foundation, the net proceeds from the event go to the Blow Away Breast Cancer Drive, which promotes breast cancer awareness in the community and provides free screenings for the underserved.
About 200 to 300 people are expected to come out for the event, which starts and finishes on the grounds of Nyack Hospital. The post-run party will include snacks, bagels, prizes and more. The first 200 paid registrants will receive a T-shirt. Good to know: There will be a $250 prize for the club or the team that registers the largest number of their members.
"We want everyone to have a good time," said Jill Garland, the executive director of the Nyack Hospital Foundation, adding that "we feel strongly about the cause."
Start time: 9 a.m. run, 9:05 a.m. walk
Registration: $25 adult preregistration, $30 adult race day entry; $20 youth (under 17) preregistration, $25 youth race day entry; race day entry runs from 7:15 to 8:45 a.m.; preregistration is accepted online until Wednesday, Oct. 10; in-person registration from Oct. 11-13 at Modell's Sporting Goods in the Palisades Mall (5-8 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 11; 1-4 p.m. Friday, Oct. 12; noon-4 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 13)
Info: 160 N. Midland Ave., Nyack; 917-617-0142;
Saturday, Oct. 20: Sleepy Hollow Halloween 10K
If you're looking for a fun event, the Sleepy Hollow Halloween 10K, which also offers a 1-mile fun run for kids, is your race. And it's not just fun. It's also challenging and scenic, with a course that passes Sleepy Hollow sites like the Headless Horseman Bridge, Sleepy Hollow Cemetery, Old Dutch Church and Kingsland Point Park.
The Halloween theme means that costumes are strongly encouraged for the 400 or so runners. In past years, runners have come as bumble bees, jailbirds, vampires and more, said Todd Ruppel, the vice president of Rivertown Runners, the group organizing the event (rivertownrunners.blogspot.com). This year there will be ghouls on the race course, too.
The course, which includes three water stations, starts and finishes near the Morse School parking lot. Parking is at Sleepy Hollow High School and by the Bridge View Tavern; the Metro North station is within walking distance of the event. Bib and race T-shirt pickup are from 7:30 to 8:45 a.m. on race day or during business hours on Wednesday through Friday at Westchester Road Runner in White Plains.
The post-race party features live music, post-race beer tastings, raffle prizes and race awards. Some proceeds go to the RTR Outreach Fund, which in the past has supported a local food pantry and a local kids club.
Start time: 9 a.m. kids fun run (6 and older); 9:30 a.m. 10K start
Registration: $30 registration until Oct. 18, $35 race day registration; $5 registration for kids, which includes face painting, Halloween crafts and more ($5 fee for nonrunning kids, too, who want to take part in other activities)
Info: Morse School, 30 Pocantico St., Tarrytown;
Sunday, Oct. 21: Harry Chapin Run Against Hunger
The 32nd annual Harry Chapin Run Against Hunger in Croton-on-Hudson, which includes a 10K race, a 5K walk and a 1-mile kids fun run, is a favorite among area runners.
Tom Maile of the Taconic Road Runners Club says that while it's a demanding course with plenty of hills, it's also "spectacular," as it heads over the New Croton Dam out to the Croton River and back (it starts and finishes at Croton-Harmon High School). Besides the event's scenic course, he appreciates that it raises money for a great cause -- about $30,000 in proceeds from the 2011 race supported the Cortlandt Emergency Food Bank, Caring for the Homeless of Peekskill and other charitable groups, local and international.
Todd Ruppel of Rivertown Runners similarly remarked on the beauty of the course. From atop the New Croton Dam, "some of the views are just awesome," he said. He also appreciates the later start time (the 10K starts at 12:45 p.m.), which allows racers to keep their mornings free but still "get it over to watch your football."
Of about 1,000 runners who come out annually for the event, some 600 are kids who take part in the fun run. It's "a big family event," said Jud Ramaker, the race director for the past 22 years. "We've long believed that the roots should be with the schools and here we are," he said, noting that the participation medals given out young runners certainly doesn't hurt the registration numbers.
There is ample parking at the Croton-Harmon High School and the race is just over a mile from the Metro-North Station. Post-race, there will be refreshments and a raffle, plus two local establishments selling burgers, hot dogs and other snacks.
Start time: 10:30 a.m. 5K walk; noon 1-mile fun run; 12:45 p.m. 10K race
Registration: $24 preregistration for the 10K, $29 race day; $20 preregistration for the 5K, $25 race day; $8 preregistration for the fun run for kids 15 and under, $10 for kids 16 and older ($10/$12 for race day); online preregistration is available through Oct. 19; in-person preregistration is available from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Saturday, Oct. 20, at Asbury United Methodist Church (17 Old Post Rd. South, Croton-on-Hudson); race day registration is from 9 a.m.to noon at Croton-Harmon High School
Info: Croton-Harmon High School, 36 Old Post Rd. South, Croton-on-Hudson; 914-552-0173;
MORE GREAT RACES
Sunday, Sept. 30: Putnam County Fall Classic
The 19th annual Putnam County Fall Classic, which includes a half-marathon and a 5K race, is held on dirt roads in Brewster. Andy Kimerling of Westchester Road Runner commended the scenic beauty of the course.
Info: 50 Main St., Brewster;
Sunday, Oct. 7: Westchester Running Festival
The 8th annual Westchester Medical Center Running Festival includes a half-marathon, quarter-marathon and 1-mile kids fun run. The course starts from the Westchester County Center and runs along the Bronx River Parkway.
Info: Westchester County Center, 198 Central Ave., White Plains;
Sunday, Oct. 14: Paine to Pain Trail Half-Marathon
The 5th annual Paine to Pain event takes off from the Thomas Paine Cottage in New Rochelle. The course takes runners deep into trails along the Hutchinson River Parkway and Saxon Woods Park, finishing around a track. "The race draws a nice crowd because it's unusual," said Andy Kimerling.
Info: Thomas Paine Cottage, New Rochelle;
Sunday, Oct. 21: Run the Farm at Muscoot Farm
The 3rd annual Run the Farm event includes a 5-mile trail race and a kids fun run at Muscoot Farm in Somers. Stop by the farmers market for a post-race snack.
Info: Muscoot Farm, 51 Route 100, Somers; runthefarm.org
Sunday, Nov. 18: Mamaroneck Turkey Trot
The 46th annual 5K Turkey Trot and 1-mile kids fun run in Mamaroneck is flat and fast. So much so that it's billed as the "flattest course in Westchester."
Info: Boston Post Road, Mamaroneck; 917-777-7784;;
Thursday, Nov. 22: 5-Mile Turkey Trot at Rockland State Park
The 21st annual 5-mile Turkey Trot draws more than 3,000 participants annually (the Rivertown Runners even rent the Peekskill trolley to take runners to the race). After running five miles, you're free to eat whatever you want for Thanksgiving dinner, too.
Info: North Pool Parking Lot, Rockland Lake State Park;
Thursday, Nov. 22: Dutchess County Turkey Trot
The Mid-Hudson Road Runners put on this annual event, which includes at 25K, 5-mile run, 2-mile fun run and 1-mile kids fun run.
Info: Arlington High School, Route 55, Freedom Plains;
<|endofexample|>
Staal still not ready, sits out again
Photo credit: Getty Images | Marc Staal #18 of the New York Rangers looks on during the Honda NHL SuperSkills competition. (Jan. 29, 2011)
Marc Staal suffered what John Tortorella called "a little bit" of a setback when he tried to practice on Monday, and the Rangers defenseman sat out a third straight game last night with an injured left knee.
"We thought he was close, but it's just not right," Tortorella said. The Rangers have only Wednesday to practice before facing the Wild Thursday at home and the Senators on Friday in Ottawa,...
<|endofexample|>
Before you set foot inside Paparazzi, the aroma of wood smoke wafting from the restaurant begins to whet your appetite. Enter, and you'll discover its source: a wood-burning pizza oven, fabricated in Italy and assembled on site by the Modena manufacturer's craftsmen.
Hanging next to the oven is a large black and white photo of John Travolta. At first, the picture seems out of place. A quaint Old World print of a pizzaiolo wielding an 8-foot pizza paddle, maybe. Or a Mediterranean landscape. But John Travolta?
Then you realize the portrait is among dozens of framed candid shots lining the semolina-yellow walls of the contemporary dining room, a gallery of famous faces spanning the decades from the coining of the term "paparazzi" (Marcello Mastroianni) to now (Angelina Jolie).
The theme of the decor is more than just a clever visual reference to the restaurant's name. It also serves notice that Paparazzi is not your typical Italian restaurant.
Changes with seasons
Executive chef Jason Malone's menu changes with the seasons, for starters, showcasing the harvest with a mix of traditional and contemporary fare. Roasted young peppers - one each of red and yellow, stuffed with goat cheese and topped with pine nuts, raisins, capers, basil and a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil - are a vibrant highlight of the current antipasti offering.
Grilled artichoke crostini, topped with ricotta and a shower of arugula in a lemon vinaigrette, is another winning starter. So is a salad of shaved fennel, arugula, oranges and pistachio-crusted goat cheese.
If you're craving smoky fare, resist the temptation of "wood roasted prawns wrapped in prosciutto" (the size of the shrimp doesn't merit the name "prawns," much less the $9 price tag for just two). Opt instead for the wood oven-roasted chicken wings, seasoned with rosemary, chiles, lemon and garlic and served in a rustic earthenware baking dish.
Menu skips clichés
Or you could just head straight for the wood-fired pizzas, whose thin, blistery crusts and 10-inch size are just right for a shared starter or a light meal for one. The Napoletana, featuring San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, basil and olive oil, is a purist's delight. More elaborate topping combinations range from Funghi (wild mushrooms, taleggio cheese and arugula) to Pancetta (with gorgonzola, onion, pear and balsamic reduction).
The menu describes tagliatelle bolognese as the house specialty, noting that the sauce is made from a 100-year-old recipe. I can't vouch for its pedigree, but I can confirm that the sauce - rich, robust and winey, punctuated with finely diced carrots - is exceptional.
You'll search Paparazzi's entree list in vain for Italian restaurant clichés such as veal marsala and chicken Parmesan. But you will find chicken in parchment and grilled veal hanger steak. There's also a nightly fresh fish special (recent options have included grouper and Scottish salmon).
Take their advice
It pays to listen when your server is reciting those specials, especially when it comes to the two house-made pastas. One of them is invariably ravioli, large, pillowy pockets whose filling might be anything from lobster to cheese. According to Joe Forgione Jr., who owns the restaurant with his father, the ravioli is hands-down the restaurant's best-seller. Having sampled a recent version filled with a voluptuous blend of cheeses and blanketed in mint-pistachio pesto, I see why.
I also understand Joe Jr's. lifelong fondness for the ricotta cheesecake. It's made by his mother, Sherry, who also makes a delightful orange semifreddo on a crushed pistachio crust.
Veterans of the restaurant business, the Forgiones operated restaurants and country clubs in southern Florida before moving to the Triangle to open Paparazzi. Their refreshing take on an Italian restaurant is clearly a welcome addition to the local dining scene, judging by the crowds that frequently fill the dining room.
The wait staff has trouble keeping up with those crowds, a problem that's exacerbated by the fact that some servers are less experienced than others. Given the owners' track record, though, it won't be long before Paparazzi lives up to its slogan, "where every guest is treated like a star."
<|endofexample|>
Archive by category ''~ Tags
Top Jobs
EC Director, Principal
Currituck County Schools
Medical Office Manager
Various Positions
HCL America Inc.
Electricians
Charge Nurse
Carolina Dialysis
Chemical Tank Truck Driver
Georgia-Pacific Chemicals, LLC
Various Positions
HCL America Inc
Various IT Positions
HCL America Inc
President
Chamber of Commerce, Wilson NC
Facilities Maintenance Technician-Mechanical Advanced
UNC TV
Find a Home
$1,175,000 Raleigh
5 bed, 4 full bath, 1 half bath. Exquisite estate home in...
$925,000 Raleigh
4 bed, 4 full bath, 1 half bath. Arthur Rutenberg Custom...
$850,000 Raleigh
4 bed, 4 full bath. Exquisite Estate Hme! Kit w/Granite ...
<|endofexample|>
Archive by category ''~ Tags
Top Jobs
Chemical Tank Truck Driver
Georgia-Pacific Chemicals, LLC
Sales Engineers
HCL America Inc
Administrative Support Associate
UNC TV
Various IT Positions
HCL America Inc
Instrumentation Technician
Nematologist/Entomologist
EC Director, Principal
Currituck County Schools
Sales
HCL America Inc
Sous Chef
Mia Francesca Trattoria
Facilities Maintenance Technician-Mechanical Advanced
UNC TV
Find a Home
$939,900 Raleigh
5 bed, 4 full bath, 2 half bath. Magnificent Estate Hme ...
$1,599,900 Raleigh
5 bed, 5 full bath, 2 half bath. Style and elegance describes...
$850,000 Raleigh
4 bed, 4 full bath, 1 half bath. Another Fabulous home built...
<|endofexample|>
December 4, 2012
The federal government is changing the chemical makeup of gasoline by adding more ethanol. The move is supposed to help protect the environment, but local mechanics warn that it may be hurting cars.
Ethanol is supposed to burn cleaner and help America become less dependent on foreign oil.
"We need a movement towards making the environment better, cleaner, more sustainable for the future," said University of Virginia student Ankit Gupta.
Currently ten percent of the fuel we put in our cars comes from corn-based ethanol. The Environmental Protection Agency has now approved raising the blend to 15 percent, called E15.
However, AAA is warning this may damage vehicles, especially older models.
"The government requiring manufacturers to blend their fuels at that high of a rate will cause those new vehicles to deteriorate at a faster rate," said Paul Jaderborg, a mechanic at Settle Tire in Charlottesville. "Therefore the manufacturers of those vehicles will not honor their warranties anymore."
A dozen auto companies, including giants like Honda, Toyota, and Ford, have said that their warranties would not cover damage caused by E15. Jaderborg says during the past five years, he has already seen more cars with problems because of the current level of ethanol in gas. He says a higher ethanol blend will only mean more repairs for his customers.
"It's unfortunate that the consumer is going to have to pay more to maintain their vehicle and I am going to see a lot more of that work here," said Jaderborg. "For my financial well being, it is going to help me a bit."
So far E15 is not for sale in Virginia, but industry experts say it is only a matter
<|endofexample|>
Published in Drug Law Weekly, March 11th, 2008.
<|endofexample|>
Published in Hepatitis Weekly, May 22nd, 2006
This large study confirms that sustained loss of serum HCV RNA six months following the completion of treatment with nonpegylated interferon alfa-2b (with or without ribavirin) is a strong predictor of long-term clearance of the virus, providing resolution of the hepatic infection and clinical "cure" from...
Want to see the full article?
Welcome to NewsRx!
Learn more about a six-week, no-risk free trial of Hepatitis Weekly
Source: Hepatitis Weekly (2006-05-22)
NewsRx also is available at LexisNexis, Gale, ProQuest, Factiva, Dialog, Thomson Reuters, NewsEdge, and Dow Jones.
<|endofexample|>
Published in Medicine and Law Weekly, April 18th, 2008.
<|endofexample|>
Published in TB and Outbreaks Week, March 30th, 1998
"It is evident that mycobacteria are capable of both producing galactopyranosyl residues de novo by the route of UDP-glucose 4-epimerase as well as scavenging galactose by route of galactokinase and UDP-glucose-galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase," A. Weston and colleagues wrote ("Biosynthetic Origin of Mycobacterial Cell Wall Galactofuranosyl Residues," Tubercle and Lung Disease, February 1998;78(2):123-131).
The mycobacterial cell wall is a good target for.
<|endofexample|>
Published in Vaccine Weekly, May 26th, 2004
According to scientists in the United States, ....
<|endofexample|>
His and hersBy Sophie Elmhirst Published 26 March 2012
The idea: gather some of the "the world's most important artist couples" - including Richard and Jane Wentworth; Rem Koolhaas and Madelon Vriesendorp; Antony Gormley and Vicken Parsons; Neo Rauch and Rosa Loy; Gary Hume and Georgie Hopton - and ask them to collaborate on a piece of work for an exhibition. Call the exhibition "Sweethearts" and arrange the artists' names in a pink heart on the publicity material.
The reality (Hume and Hopton were asked the same questions in separate conversations on the phone - Hume from New York, Hopton from London):
Hopton It's a little tricky, and not because it wasn't a nice idea. It's a lovely idea, in theory.
Hume I didn't want to do it. Because it just seemed a huge amount of pressure, for what?
Hopton It's a little more difficult because Gary and I do work independently. I have collaborated with people in the past really happily and smoothly, but it was always initiated by me. Gary and I have never collaborated.
Hume Me and Georgie pick up a plank and, like Laurel and Hardy, I go in one direction and she goes in another, both absolutely convinced we've got the perfect solution to a problem. I've spent quite a lot of energy making sure I'm left alone and that my studio is completely private. Georgie pops in, but it's not a place that belongs to us, it's mine. And I absolutely love that; I don't want her there, I don't want anybody there.
Hopton I gave Gary some of my photographs and I thought, "He'll half finish them and give them to me to work on," but he ended up looking at one of the photographs and making three paintings from it. So, of course, you can imagine that I said, "Well that's not very collaborative."
Hume She said, "Why haven't you done what I wanted you to do?" and I said, "Because I don't want to do it." And she said, "Well thanks a lot. What am I supposed to do?"
Hopton He dutifully handed over three drawings to me and then I worked on them in the privacy of my studio. I loved the paintings he did in response to my photographs, and he was thrilled with the collages I made with his drawings so that's what we've got.
Hume I said, "I've made you three really difficult drawings that I couldn't make paintings from, and if you can pull anything out of them, well good luck . . ." And she wasn't that happy, but she did her best.
Hopton The two of us really love to be alone in the studio. It's not that we don't like each other's company; we do, but we have this house in America and we spend an awful lot of time alone together there, and we're blissfully happy and more in love than we ever are here, because when we're here we're so busy we rarely see each other.
Hume I know that her work is absolutely hers, and mine is absolutely mine. We're alone making it . . . I like being alone making things. It's the great pleasure of it.
“Sweethearts" is at the Pippy Houldsworth Gallery, London W1, from 21 March to 21 Apr
<|endofexample|>
Olympics
Rule one of politics: never assume people are "sensible".
By New Statesman - 30 July 7:17
David Cameron on his chances of an Olympics poll bounce.
By Rizwan Syed - 29 July 12:48
Protesters march against the corporate takeover of the Games.
By En Liang Khong - 28 July 16:38
An opening ceremony for a "self-analysing" people.
By Jonathan Derbyshire - 28 July 10:03
How Danny Boyle's vision went down.
By Caroline Crampton - 27 July 14:03
Nine-times Olympic gold medalist Carl Lewis on Mitt Romney's shambolic trip to the UK.
By Samira Shackle - 27 July 13:51
The “out of sight, out of mind” attitude to policing.
By New Statesman - 27 July 11:24
Hits a woman with the bell.
By New Statesman - 27 July 9:41
The artist's interpretation of London 2012, with hints of Danny Boyle's opening ceremony.
<|endofexample|>
The New Milford Youth Agency will host a parent education workshop Saturday,.
Advance registration is required by calling 860-354-0047 or emailing laura@youthagency.org.
<|endofexample|>
CI Energy Group's 11th Annual Oil Sands Symposium
Proven Strategies to Minimize Risks, Reduce Costs & Maximize Profit
CALGARY, AB, Sept. 26, 2012 /CNW/ - For the past decade, the Oil Sands Symposium has provided timely information and a variety of expert insights from industry leaders. Delegates will gain the inside knowledge, detailed strategies and key relationships needed to capitalize on lucrative opportunities and cutting-edge innovations at the forefront of Canada's oil sands development.
Leading oil sands producers will share first-hand details on managing risks, improving performance and reducing costs. The conference features strategic case studies with representatives from: Shell Canada, Cenovus Energy, Sunshine Oil Sands, CNRL, Oak Point Energy, Husky Energy, ConocoPhillips and many more!
Key topics to be covered:
- Determine the viability, affordability and practicality of crude transportation options
- Gain clarity on how provincial regulations are evolving
- Leverage proven technological developments to improve operational efficiencies and environmental performance
- Develop successful investor relations programs and learn about best practices in energy trade with China at the interactive workshops
Expert speakers for 2012, include:
- Ken Chapman, Oil Sands Developers Group
- Evelyn Ferchuck, Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers
- Peter Kujawinski, U.S. Consul General, Alberta, Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories
- Matt Koch, Institute for 21st Century Energy, US Chamber of Commerce
- Jennifer Steber, Chief Assistant Deputy Minister Oil Sands, Department of Energy, Government of Alberta
- Patricia Nelson, In-Situ Oil Sands Alliance
- Tim Shipton, Alberta Enterprise Group
About CI Energy Group
CI Energy Group is a division of The Canadian Institute, Canada's leading conference and business information provider..
SOURCE: Canadian InstituteF.
<|endofexample|>
As of Thursday, May 10, 2012
Ian Poulter of England, hits from the 18th fairway during the first round of the Players Championship golf tournament, Thursday, May 10, 2012, at TPC Sawgrass in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux)
PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. -- Ian Poulter is enjoying his new digs -- his newly built home and his spot atop the leaderboard Thursday in The Players Championship.
His 7-under 65 on the TPC Sawgrass wasn't nearly as stressful as the construction that took nearly three years.
Poulter spent so much time moving into his new house at Lake Nona in Orlando last week that he barely had time to practice. At least now he can concentrate solely on his made birdie on all of the par 5s and had nine straight one-putt greens, a streak that ended with a long two-putt for par on the 18th.
That gave him a one-shot lead over Blake Adams among the early starters. And he was nine shots clear of Woods.
Woods at least kept alive one streak. He had never broken 70 in the opening round of this tournament.
This time, he wasn.
Kevin Na shot 30 on the back nine and was at 67, alone with Ben Crane, who has been seen on television in recent weeks on the final green to congratulate winners -- Bubba Watson at the Masters, Rickie Fowler last week in the Wells Fargo Championship.
Matt Kuchar had three straight birdies late in his round and was in the group at 68.
Phil Mickelson, inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame on Monday, and world No. 1 Rory McIlroy were among the late starters., Fowler and Hunter Mahan, the only player with two wins this year. None of them were particularly impressive. Fowler."
More like this story
- Sawgrass course remains a mystery ( May 14, 2012 )
- Goydos takes his first 54-hole lead at Players ( May 11, 2008 )
- Garcia builds early lead at Players Championship ( May 9, 2008 )
- Scott and Dufner tied for lead in Cadillac Championship's first round ( March 8, 2012 )
- Scott takes 4-shot lead into Open final ( July 21, 2012 )
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Or login with:
OpenID
<|endofexample|>
All Stories
Cal Thomas: Government shouldn't define 'church'
Under pressure from religious and conservative groups, the Obama administration has offered another compromise on the issue of birth control coverage within the Affordable Care Act.
Darrell Huckaby: Great debate continues over gays in Scouting
We are engaged in a great debate over whether the Boy Scouts of America should or will change their longstanding position against allowing homosexuality to creep into the Scouting movement.
Jeff Meadors: Education traditionalists have a lot to learn from the charter movement
Is free market enterprise and competition destabilizing to education traditionalists?
Singapore joins probe into soccer match-fixing scam
LONDON --
Falcons stay unbeaten, roll past Heritage
Alcovy girls roll again with win over Rockdale
Alcovy moves one game closer to perfect region record with 48-32 win over Rockdale.
Mayor proposes Main Street funds/duties shifted to Chamber
Mayor Ronnie Johnston is proposing shifting some of Main Street's responsibilities and funding to the Chamber of Commerce.
Getting a jump on spring practice
Photo Package
Workshop for nonprofit organizations to be held March 12
Nonprofit organizations in east metro can gain valuable capacity-building resources by participating on March 12 in the third in a series of workshops being held at the Rockdale Career Academy.
Covington Dollar General robbed at gunpoint; three arrests made after marijuana, guns found
The Dollar General Store on Ga. Highway 36 was robbed at gunpoint Friday night.
Newton Spelling Bee today
The Newton County School System will hold the 2013 System Spelling Bee at 10:30 a.m. today at Newton High School.
Newton Sheriff's Office makes arrest in auto, farm equipment theft
Newton County Sheriff's Office arrests Lithonia man after he allegedly disposes of stolen property in Rockdale County..
Missing Newton County man found safe
A statewide Mattie's Call has been issued for a missing Newton County man.
Peanut, Jessie both need new homes
Both Newton and Rockdale animal shelters have a variety of dogs and cats available for adoption this week.
<|endofexample|>
The same questions.
Her record: how partisan? ideological? activist?
As with Justices Scalia and Thomas in previous posts in this series, the questions are not about whether, or how much, you--or I--might happen to like the results Ginsburg supported with her votes. [This is mostly directed to my dear liberal friends.] The questions are not about whether you--or I--might prefer the liberal positions she usually takes to the conservative ones that Scalia and Thomas usually do.
No.
Instead, the questions, as they were with Scalia and Thomas (and don't forget Kennedy), are:
How closely does Ginsburg's voting record mirror that which we would expect from partisan politicians--whether conservative Republican politicians or liberal Democratic ones--on those most highly partisan-charged issues?
How politically conservative or liberal is her voting record across the broad swath of ideologically-laden issues?
How judicially activist or restrained is her record?
Well, [And again, this is mostly directed to my dear liberal friends.] brace yourselves.
How partisan her record?
Take a look.
(click to enlarge)
GRAPH 1
100% partisan, that how much!
Yes, as lopsidedly partisan as Scalia's and Thomas's records.
Ginsburg's voting record is both the same and the opposite as their records. The same as in being one-sided--i.e., supporting every position in these highly-charged cases as would be expected of certain highly partisan politicians. The opposite as in supporting the opposite position of Scalia and Thomas in every case--i.e., supporting the positions that would be expected of partisans on the opposite side of the political aisle. (If it need be spelled out: she liberal Democrats, they conservative Republicans.)
Stated otherwise, Ginsburg's voting record in the highly partisan cases is 100% where Scalia's and Thomas's is 0%. And hers is 0% where theirs is 100%. Just the flip side.
So, for example, she voted in support of the class action against Walmart for discrimination against women workers; they voted to dismiss the action. She voted in support of a lower court order to alleviate unlawful prison overcrowding in California; they voted against the order.
She voted in support of the federal and Arizona campaign finance restrictions, as well as in support of the California university's refusal to fund a Christian student group which discriminated against gays and lesbians. Scalia and Thomas voted against all of those measures.
She also voted to allow a lawsuit by Arizona taxpayers challenging that state's alleged establishment of religion violation; voted to uphold a constitutional challenge to Arizona's enforcement of immigration laws; and voted to allow the broadcast of a trial challenging the constitutionality of California's ban on same-sex marriage. Scalia and Thomas voted the opposite in each case.
Different lenses. Different leanings. Different partisan conformities. But respective conformities to be sure.
One might well expect the voting across the larger body of generally ideologically-laden cases to show much the same. It does. Ginsburg's record--like that of Scalia and Thomas--reveals a strong ideological bent. Hers, not surprisingly, is strongly liberal.
(click to enlarge)
Her record in this regard is far more tilted in one direction than that of Justice Kennedy or the Court as a whole. While hers is more than 4-1 politically liberal, Kennedy's and the Court's records are both less than 2-1 politically conservative.
What about judicial activism-restraint? What is Ginsburg's record, and how does it compare with that of Scalia, Thomas, Kennedy, and the Court--all, as we've seen in previous posts, having highly activist records. Take a look.
(click to enlarge)
GRAPH 3
As shown in Graph 3, Ginsburg's record is much less activist than that of Scalia, Thomas, Kennedy, or the Court itself. Her record shows that she voted to uphold the choices made by the other branches and the states twice as frequently as she voted to invalidate them. By sharp contrast, Scalia, Kennedy and the Court as a whole favored invalidating three times as frequently as upholding; for Thomas it was twice as frequently.
In short, Ginsburg's record is 2-1 judicial restraint. Scalia's, Thomas's, Kennedy's, and the Court's are 3-1 or 2-1 judicial activist.
So who's deferring to the judgments of the other branches and the states? The liberal Ginsburg! Not the conservatives Scalia and Thomas, or the swing vote Kennedy, or the conservative Court itself.
BUT, let's look a bit deeper. What did she vote to uphold? What to invalidate?
Ginsburg voted to uphold federal restrictions on business under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; to uphold federal campaign finance restrictions; and to uphold the federal "Honest Services" law (by giving it a saving interpretation) in the case against the Enron CEO. Scalia, Thomas, and Kennedy voted to invalidate in each of those cases.
She also voted to uphold a state law favoring class actions (as opposed to arbitration) against businesses; to uphold state campaign finance restrictions; to uphold state tort laws against drug manufacturers; and to uphold a state rule prohibiting sexual orientation discrimination in university-funded student groups, including religious ones.
Again, Scalia, Thomas, and Kennedy voted to invalidate the state's judgment in each of those cases--with the single exception of Kennedy who voted to uphold the state university's anti-discrimination rule.
Ginsburg did vote to invalidate some laws. She did vote against a state law providing tuition credits for students attending private religious schools; against a state law enforcing immigration restrictions; against a state law allowing life sentences without parole for juveniles; and against a federal law accommodating the display of a Christian cross on public land.
Scalia and Thomas voted to uphold all those laws. Kennedy did as well, except for the law allowing juveniles to be sentenced for life with no parole.
What is undeniable is that Ginsburg's record is one of more restraint--i.e., less judicial activism--than that of her conservative colleagues. She deferred to the choices of the other branches and the states much more frequently than Scalia, Thomas, Kennedy, and the Court itself. HOWEVER....
What is also undeniable is that her activism-restraint record is simply a reflection of the highly ideological pattern of her voting record generally.
Yes, she often voted to uphold laws, to defer to the other branches and the states. BUT she did so when the laws at issue were those that would be favored by political liberals. AND she voted against laws that would be favored by political conservatives. Just the reverse of Scalia and Thomas.
So Ginsburg voted to uphold laws that placed restrictions on business, that held businesses accountable in tort law, that protected gay rights, and that limited campaign spending. All laws favored by political liberals. (By the same token, Scalia and Thomas, not surprisingly, voted against all those laws.)
Ginsburg voted against laws supporting religion, enforcing immigration restrictions, and imposing harsh sentences. All laws favored by political conservatives. (Again, by the same token, Scalia and Thomas voted to uphold those laws.)
So, Ginsburg's record is one of judicial restraint (i.e., uphold) when the laws at issue are politically liberal ones. Her record is one of judicial activism (invalidate) when the laws at issue are politically conservative ones.
If one likes the way Ginsburg votes--prefers the way she votes to that of Scalia and Thomas--that's almost certainly a reflection of one's own political, ideological, philosophical leanings. NOT any realistic or objective assessment of her voting as being more balanced or neutral or detached than that of the conservative Justices.
To be plain, Ginsburg's record shows her to be as ideologically driven--yes, even partisan--as Scalia and Thomas. Just in the opposite direction.
[Disclosure: I much prefer her record to theirs. But I'm trying not to kid myself why I do.]
To conclude our little study of Justice Ginsburg's record, let's put all the foregoing together in one increasingly cluttered graph.
(click to enlarge)
GRAPH 4
(click to enlarge)
GRAPH 5
Next post: Justice Breyer.
[As stated in previous posts, this series is based on my research over the last several weeks. The pool of cases on which my findings are based is explained at the end of each of the 3 previous posts on New York Court Watcher. See Supreme Court: How Partisan? Ideological? Activist? (Part 1: Focus on Scalia) --with graphs!, May 1, 2012; Part 2: Focus on Justice Kennedy, May 3, 2012; Part 3: Focus on Justice Thomas, May 6, 2012]
<|endofexample|>
In honor of the Year of the Rabbit, an aquarium in Seoul performed a live reënactment of "The Tortoise and the Hare."
Writing as sustenance: how Dietrich Bonhoeffer produced some of his best work in a Nazi prison.
"After Camus, everything changed." A newly translated Roberto Bolaño essay expounds on his love of books.
Slam poetry is alive and well among middle- and high-schoolers in the South Bronx.
A Q. & A. with Patrick Brown, the community manager at Goodreads, on how reading has become social again.
I'm so excited! I'm so...scared? Elizabeth Berkley, a.k.a. Jesse Spano, publishes an advice book for teen girls, based on her years of "Ask Elizabeth" workshops.
Ever wish you could dress like your favorite characters? Here are ten books that inspired fashion designers.
Concerned about chewing on your pen? Here's a delicious solution.
The sexy side of H. G. Wells.
<|endofexample|>
In 1984, Continental Illinois, then one of the country’s largest banks, found itself on the verge of collapse, after billions of dollars’ worth of its loans went bad. To avert a crisis, the government stepped in, purchasing $3.5 billion of the soured loans and effectively taking over the bank. Later that year, at a congressional subcommittee hearing, Representative Stewart McKinney summed up the lesson of the rescue effort: “Let us not bandy words. We have a new kind of bank. It is called too big to fail. T.B.T.F., and it is a wonderful bank.”
Since then,.
Rescuing failing companies obviously runs the risk of creating moral hazard—if we insulate people from the consequences of their irresponsibility, they’re more likely to be irresponsible in the future. But the Fed did a good job of lessening that risk, making sure that Bear suffered a heavy toll. The sale punished Bear shareholders severely, valuing Bear at just two dollars a share, down from sixty dollars a few days before, while thousands of Bear employees are likely to lose their jobs. That’s about as harsh as a bailout gets.
More to the point, the threat of moral hazard in this case was simply less dire than the threat of financial contagion. The Fed could have done what it did in February, 1933, when it stood quietly by while Detroit Bankers Corp. and the Guardian Detroit Union Group, Detroit’s two largest banks, foundered after a series of bad loans. But the failure of those two banks quickly led to bank runs in neighboring states—Cleveland’s two biggest banks failed soon after—and eventually to a national banking panic. Bear Stearns’s collapse, similarly, could easily have provoked market chaos. Bear wasn’t among the largest Wall Street banks, but it was a major clearinghouse for stock trades and played a central role in hundreds of billions of dollars of credit deals. If not too big, it was too important to fail.
The Bear deal does mark a major policy shift, since the Fed has now implicitly admitted that it will catch investment banks when they fall. But that shift really just ratifies the inevitable, given the nature of credit in today’s world. Most money that’s borrowed these days no longer comes from commercial banks, which are responsible for less than thirty per cent of all lending. Instead, in one form or another, the loans are packaged and sold as securities. And since investment banks do much of the selling and buying of those securities, they play an ever bigger role in financial markets. Two decades ago, the Fed could afford to let a firm like Drexel Burnham Lambert (which, admittedly, was dealing with criminal charges in addition to its economic woes) go under without worrying too much about the ripple effects. It would demand very steady nerves to do the same thing today.
You might, then, see the Fed’s willingness to help investment banks as evidence of their indispensability. But what it really underscores is how badly Wall Street has managed its business in recent years..
Now that the Fed has stepped in, it’s possible that things will go back to normal. But let’s hope they don’t get too normal: one of the biggest problems in the market in the past decade has been that lenders, clients, and even ordinary small investors have put far too much faith in the magical abilities of Wall Street firms, and have failed to give their promises and performance proper scrutiny. Markets require trust to work well, but when trust is blind they are almost guaranteed to go haywire. We don’t want the paralytic level of skepticism that has reigned in the marketplace in recent months to continue, but we don’t want a return to the way things were, either. It’s a good thing that Bear Stearns was saved. But it’s also a good thing that it nearly died. ♦
<|endofexample|>
English Bulldog Puppy
Receive an email alert when additional English Bulldog puppies are added. Its easy and free!
BREED: English Bulldog Puppy
INCLUDES: health guarantee, travel crate, vet exam/health cert, uabr registration, vaccination schedule, pedigree
<|endofexample|>
Animals: They're a good source of protein. The cowboy's slaves. Furry, stupid people. By whatever name you choose to call them, there's no doubting that animals are both funny and delicious.
But what have they ever accomplished on their own? Nothing! If it weren't for us humans dressing them up in funny hats and putting them on greeting cards, there wouldn't be a single gainfully employed animal.
Fortunately, "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" might be the wake-up call our cuddly companions need to start cleaning their own litter boxes, if not take over the world. But if ape-ageddon isn't the right route for your pet, here are some other examples of impressive animals that might light a fire under their furry butts.
9. Scooby-Doo in 'Scooby-Doo' (2002)
Accomplishment: Sort of talking and sort of standing
What's most impressive about this canine sleuth aren't his questionable powers of deduction, so much as the fact that he convinced the rest of the Mystery Inc. gang to let him join their all-human team. Granted, they drive around in a psychedelic van hallucinating about "supernatural" fiends, so perhaps admitting a dog into their company wasn't such a stretch. Still, Scooby-Doo must be recognized for paving the way for... any future dog that wants to solve mysteries.
8. Jack the Chimp in 'MVP: Most Valuable Primate' (2000)
Accomplishment: Not biting off anyone's faces
Most of us have, at one time or another, pondered if a chimp could -- nay, should -- play professional hockey. The answer to both questions is apparently a resounding "yes!" This straight-to-video franchise taught us that, if the rule book doesn't explicitly spell out that only humans can play a sport, than it's time to start throwing chimps onto an ice rink. In future films, Jack tackled skateboarding and snowboarding. But, eventually, the producers ran out of things they could strap the chimp onto without drowning him.
7. Hooch in 'Turner & Hooch' (1989)
Accomplishment: Costarring with Tom Hanks
One's neat, one's sloppy. One's awkward, one's got a way with the ladies. But if you think this buddy cop team sounds tired and familiar, hold on to your hats -- because in "Turner and Hooch," one of these cops is played by Tom Hanks and the other is... wait for it... a dog. A dog investigating a murder?! Never saw that coming, didja? Oh, you did? You say "K-9" with Jim Belushi came out earlier that year and had the exact same plot? Well, costarring with Tom Hanks is still pretty impressive.
6. Underdog in 'Underdog' (2007)
Accomplishment: Not using his superpowers to get revenge on humans
When mild-mannered beagle Shoeshine is injected with a mad scientist's secret formula, he gains the power to fly and even talk. He becomes Underdog and straps on a cape. But what's so impressive about this super pooch is that, once his powers have been unleashed, he chooses to protect his human masters from evil, rather than turning them into collar-wearing slaves and forcing them to go to the toilet on city sidewalks. After all, we sort of deserve that, don't we?
5. Babe the Pig in 'Babe' (1995)
Accomplishment: Herding sheep, not getting eaten
After being won at a fair by Farmer Hoggett, Babe is taken to a crazy farm where the duck crows like a rooster and rats sings like Elvis. But while this farm may be progressive, it's not kosher, and Babe's in danger of biting the big apple on the Christmas dinner table if he doesn't think fast. Adapting to a changing job market, Babe takes on a new job skill and wins his master first prize at a sheepherding contest -- to which the closed-off farmer could only muster a condescending "That'll do, pig. That'll do." A lovely sentiment. Now, how about a binding contract not to eat the pig?
4. Chance, Sassy and Shadow in 'Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey' (1993)
Accomplishment: Going home
"Go home, boy! Go home!" Many dogs and cats, when given this simple instruction, will run into the woods to chase squirrels or eat rancid garbage. But these family pets, incorrectly assuming they've been abandoned when left with their family's friends for the weekend, take the most unnecessary adventure of a lifetime. After fighting a mountain lion and a porcupine and escaping from an animal shelter that was trying to help them, these confused friends eventually make it home... where they would have gotten anyway if they'd just chilled and waited for someone to come get them.
3. Buddy in 'Air Bud' (1997)
Accomplishment: Dribbling... with a ball
They say that every dog has his day. Like most sayings, this one is a lie: Dogs are notorious layabouts who accomplish little in life. But "Air Bud" tells the story of a canine who actually earns his keep for a change, inspiring his shy teen owner to man up by making basket after basket with the ol' "hit the ball in with your face" shot. Quick aside: "Air Bud"? How is it that this movie wasn't called "Charles Bark-ley"?
2. The Penguins in 'March of the Penguins' (2005)
Accomplishment: Marching in tuxedos
Remember that camp game where you have to race while holding an egg in a spoon and, if you drop the egg, you automatically lose? It turns out that this game was stolen from one that emperor penguins play every day in Antarctica. What makes their version so much more impressive is that they do it in -80ºF degree weather, for 60 miles, in tuxedos. The documentary never explains why they play this game as opposed to, say, sledding. But the reason's not important -- their commitment to extreme sports is the real story here.
1. Charlotte the Spider in 'Charlotte's Web' (2006)
Accomplishment: Writing the first web blog
Talk about spinning propaganda! When Wilbur the pig is about to be killed for Christmas dinner on the Arable farm, a Machiavellian spider named Charlotte buries the lede with a new story. Writing words like "some pig" and "radiant" above Wilbur in her web, this Madison Avenue-bound arachnid hatches her plan to make Wilbur so famous that the farmer can't kill him. And it works. Charlotte puts the PR in pork, and a tear in all our eyes.
<|endofexample|>
Mark Wahlberg knows a thing or two about making hit movies, something author John Grisham could use a refresher course in.
Variety reports that the "Contraband" star is in talks to produce and give a much-needed facelift to the big screen adaptations of Grisham's work with a possible role as star and producer of the prolific author's 1997 novel "The Partner."
The legal thriller tells the story of Patrick Lanigan, a cuckolded Mississippi lawyer who fakes his own death in order to steal millions from his own firm.
While Grisham had a number of his bestselling novels made into box office hits in the '90s, including "The Pelican Brief," "A Time to Kill" and "The Rainmaker," the more recent adaptations of his work have been flops. 2003's "Runaway Jury" was a critical hit, despite making meager profits at the box office, while the most recent movie based on his writing, 2004's "Christmas With the Kranks," was panned by critics.
Wahlberg may be able to give the fledgling franchise just the boost it needs, especially with the right help. It's rumored that the star may be bringing along his partner, Stephen Levinson, to produce, although the film still lacks a screenwriter. John Lee Hancock, who adapted Michael Lewis' "The Blind Side," was initially attached to write and direct, but has since dropped out.
Wahlberg can be seen next in Seth MacFarlane's comedy "Ted," scheduled for release this summer. For now, he's just thirsty (check out the gallery below and see what we mean).
<|endofexample|>
The new online media solution for
today's classroom
Many of you already view our high-quality, award-winning productions in the classroom on DVD (or even VHS!).
Now, with an educational subscription to CAMPUS, you can access a large collection of NFB films and interactive titles via computer—along with new, super easy-to-use educational tools designed just for you.
Sorry, this service is only available in Canada
Our collection is available in your country in different formats.
Please contact one of our sales managers.
Choose when to start and end your chapter, add notes if you wish and present your selections to the class.
Browse by grade or subject area, or use our educational channels, thematic playlists, and user guides to find what you need.
Classroom use of NFB.ca online works requires a public performance licence. Subscribe now, and you’ll get 24/7 access to CAMPUS.
We have prepared an array of exclusive features to help teachers use our films in an educational context.
Selection includes hundreds of films available exclusively to educators. New releases and bestsellers. Day or night. English or French. Documentary, animation or alternative drama—and with the high quality standards you’ve come to expect from the NFB. Just click and play.
Each film has been evaluated by a teacher, who has prepared a pedagogical description explaining exactly how you can use the film in your classroom.
We know that classroom time is valuable and that, in many cases, only a specific part of a film may be pertinent for your purposes. So we've come up with a tool that lets you select a specific film sequence, add it to a playlist and then screen the playlist for your students at the appropriate time.
Prepare your class in advance by assembling a playlist of films and chapters. Give the playlist a descriptive name. In the classroom, all you have to do is click “Watch the playlist”—and then you can focus your full attention on your teaching.
Finding useful films has never been easier. Members of CAMPUS can search for films by school curriculum and grade level. This information is also posted on the film page for quick, efficient consultation.
We have ready-made, curriculum-based content for you in the CHANNELS and THEMATIC PLAYLIST sections. In CHANNELS, pick Aboriginal Peoples or History, for instance. Or use thematic playlists in class, such as StopMo Studio – Stop-Motion Animation Workshop, War & Peace, Films for Change or The David Suzuki Virtual Classroom.
Our films are accompanied by study guides specially designed to help you prepare your classes. The guides provide suggestions for specific group activities, debating points, additional resources and evaluation strategies. Each guide is adapted to the film in question, target school curriculum and target age group.
The NFB.ca Screening Room also directs visitors to a unique collection of interactive works that can help you launch your students on an innovative, digital path. These works have won many awards and will be sure to pique the interest of even the most jaded students.
Sorry, this service is only available in Canada
Our collection is available in your country in different formats.
Please contact one of our sales managers.
<|endofexample|>
Remember the knee surgery that Kansas City Chiefs receiver Steve Breaston was thinking about having?
Turns out that Breaston was dealing with knee inflammation and won't need to go under the knife. A source close to Breaston says he was advised he "didn't need it. He's fine."
The free-agent wideout had been considering undergoing Regenokine treatment in Germany, a procedure that proved successful for such athletes as Alex Rodriguez.Breaston will test the free-agent market and already has met with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cleveland Browns. NFL.com's Aditi Kinkhabwala reported that he is expected to meet with additional teams in the coming weeks.
<|endofexample|>
It wasn't an easy winter in the Schwartz household, where young Christian Schwartz gave his father, Jim, the silent treatment after the Detroit Lions sputtered to 4-12 last season.
"Nobody is happy," Coach Schwartz told MLive.com's Anwar S. Richardson at this week's NFL Annual Meeting in Phoenix. "My kids are just starting to talk to me again. My son (has) a lot of Lions posters and sweatshirts and hats. They weren't happy with 4-12, either. Believe me, nobody was, and we all want to get that taste out of our mouth."
Schwartz confirmed he wasn't telling tales about Christian, who was genuinely fumed.
"That wasn't a joke. He was mad," Schwartz said. "If you see his room, he's got Lions helmets and jerseys. It's not because he's my son. It's because he's a big Lions fan. If I worked down at the Rogue (a local automotive plant), he'd still have all that same stuff. He's a fan ... I imagine that you walk into the Rogue on Monday morning after a Lions loss, nobody is in a good mood. Nobody is in a good mood over in Allen Park, either."
Schwartz and the Lions were a striking disappointment in 2012 after finishing 10-6 and making the playoffs in 2011. More focus is needed this time around to endure the rugged NFC North ... and keep everyone on speaking terms inside the Schwartz house.
Follow Marc Sessler on Twitter @MarcSesslerNFL.
<|endofexample|>
New U.S./Canadian)
- Live Video Presentations -- Watch member-only live, interactive and streaming video presentations. NFPA Insider are live and archived presentations featuring expanded news and content from NFPA Journal and other sources. NFPA Office Hours are live and archived presentations of our technical staff discussing important codes and standards topics.
- Journal Update, a supplementary email newsletter delivered bi Membership, contact customer service at 1-800-344-3555 or 1-617-770-3000 (outside the U.S. and Canada) or email custserv@nfpa.org.
<|endofexample|>
Aboriginal Advancement League
Aboriginal Land Fund Commission
Aboriginal Land (Lake Condah and Framlingham Forest) Act, 1987
Aboriginal Land Rights Act, 1983
Aboriginal Land Rights Act (Northern Territory), 1976
aboriginal property ownership
Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Heritage Protection Act
AMEC (Assoc' of Mining & Exploration Co's)
ATSIC Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission
Attorney-General (NSW) v Brown, 1847
Australian Aboriginal Progressive Association
Australian Aborigines League
Australian International Relations
Brennan, Chief Justice Gerard
Cairns Native Title Summit
Calder v Attorney-General, 1973
Cambridge Anthropological Expedition
Cattleman's Union of Australia
Cherokee Nation v Georgia (1831)
Chief Protector of Aborigines
Communist Party of Australia
Coombs, Dr. H.C. (Nugget)
De Crispegny, Robert Champion
Delgamuukw v British Columbia
Department of Aboriginal & Islander Affairs (DAIA)
Department of Native Affairs
Eddie Mabo's Death, 21/01/1992
FCAATSI Federal Council For Aboriginal Advancement
Federal Court of Australia
Federal Government, Australia
Fejo v Northern Territory (1998)
Ganalanja Corp v Queensland and Ors (1996)
Great Northern expedition
Hamlet of Baker Lake v Minister for Indian Affairs (1979)
High Court Decision, 03/06/1992
Hindmarsh Island Bridge Act
International Court of Justice
Isabel Coe v The Commonwealth
Jacky Anzac Jadjurin v R (1982)
Johnson v Mc Intosh (1823)
Kartinyeri v The Commonwealth
Land Rights Conference, 1981
Liberal - National Party coalition
London Missionary Society
Maralinga Tjarutja Land RIghts Act, 1983
Marriage to Bonita, 10/10/1959
Mason, Chief Justice Anthony
Milirrpum v Nabalco Pty Ltd, 1971
Miriuwung Gajerrong Determination
Miriuwung Gajerrong Peoples v Western Australia (1998)
Murray Island Native Court
National Farmer's Federation
National Indigenous Working Group
National Native Title Tribunal
Native Title Amendment Act, 1998
Native Title Amendment Bill
New Zealand Native Title cases
Northern Territory v Lane (1996)
NSW v The Commonwealth, 1975
Oneida Indian Nation v County of Oneida (1974)
Pitjantjatjara Land Rights Act, 1981
Police v Yunupingu (1998)
Racial Discrimination Act
Racial Discrimination Act , 1975
Randwick Corporation v Rutledge, 1959
Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples
Royal Proclamation of 1763
Sale of Waste Lands Act (1842)
Southern Rhodesia, Amodu Tijani V Secretary, 1921
Stranger In A Strange Land, 1956
Supreme Court of Queensland
Supreme Court of the Northern Territory
Te Weehi v Regional Fisheries Office (1986)
Teddy Biljabu and Ors v Western Australia (1995)
The Administration of Papua v Daera Guba 1972-3
The Land Titles and Traditional Usages Act
The Northern Territory Land Rights Act
The Townsville Conference
Torres Strait Light infantry battalion
United States v Wheeler (1978)
Walley v State of Western Australia (1996)
Warra Peoples Determination
Worcester v Georgia (1832)
<|endofexample|>
Livingston HOPKINS
- Born
- 07 July 1846 Bellefontaine, Ohio, United States
- Died
- 21 August 1927 Sydney, New South Wales
- Nationality
- American / Australian
This website may contain links to external sites that contain information beyond the control of the National Gallery of Victoria. No responsibility is taken for any information or services which may appear on any linked website.
<|endofexample|>
(Untitled)
1961
- Artist/s name
- Erica McGILCHRIST
- Medium
- gouache
- Measurements
- 63.6 x 38.5 cm (image and sheet)
- Accession Number
- 2005.41
- Credit Line
- National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne
Presented through the NGV Foundation by the Reverend Ian Brown, Founder Benefactor, 2005
- Gallery Location
- Not on display
<|endofexample|>
The sleep of reason produces monsters (Asia)
2008
- Artist/s name
- Yinka SHONIBARE
- Medium
- type C photograph on aluminium
- Measurements
- (182.2 x 125.4 cm) (image and sheet)
- Accession Number
- 2008.119
- Credit Line
- National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne
Purchased, NGV Contemporary, 2008
© Courtesy of the artist and James Cohan Gallery, New York and Stephen Friedman Gallery, London
- Gallery Location
- Not on display
<|endofexample|>
“Guys that are working should be on the ice right now” — Bob Errey at 11:19 in the 3rd period of the Penguins-Islanders game. Score: Islanders 4 – Penguins 1 … about a week ago. Underlying and permeating the whole debacle of the Penguins-Islanders event (because it really couldn’t be called a game) was this… Continue Reading
<|endofexample|>
For internet safety tips, click here.
In Case of Emergency Dial 911!
SafeLink: 1-877-785-2020
About Domestic Violence
What Is It?
Domestic violence (DV),. The abuser may threaten to harm the victim or victim's loved ones, or hurt him/herself in order to make the victim stay in the relationship.
Warning Signs
Does your partner...
- Hit, slap, kick, shove, choke, or burn you? Does he/she use their bare hands, objects, or weapons to physically hurt you?
- Force you to take part in unwanted sexual activity?
- Attempt to frighten or intimidate you?
- Call you names, put you down, humiliate you, or criticize you all the time?
- Try to manipulate or control you, act overly jealous or possessive, or tell you what to do and when?
- Tell you that you are crazy, blame you for the abuse, or tell you it never happened?
- Make threats to harm your children, family, or pets? Make threats to interfere with your immigration or other legal procedures, or reveal your personal information to others?
- Damage or threaten to damage your property?
- Deny you access to food, shelter, money, health care, or other basic needs?
Statistics
Unfortunately, domestic violence is all too common. But no matter who it happens to, nobody deserves to be abused.
- About 8% of men experience abuse from an intimate partner during their lifetime; this includes physical abuse, rape, and stalking 1
- More than three women a day are murdered by their husbands or boyfriends in the United States. In 2005, 1,181 women were murdered by an intimate partner3
- 75% of homicide victims and 85% of women who had experienced severe but nonfatal violence had left or tried to leave in the past year4
- About 1 in 3 adolescent girls in the United States is a victim of physical, emotional or verbal abuse from a dating partner,5 and 1 in every 10 high school students nationwide reports being physically abused by their dating partner6 (For more information or to find help for a victim of teen dating violence:)
- The elderly are also at risk for abuse from a partner or caregiver. While estimates vary, it may be as many as 10% or more of elderly adults who experience some form of abuse or neglect.7 Elderly victims may experience not only physical, psychological, and sexual abuse but also neglect (like a caregiver or partner not giving them needed medication, treatment, or food) or financial abuse (such as stealing their money).7 (For more information or to find help for a victim of elder abuse: )
- More than 90% of individuals (male and female) with developmental disabilities will be physically or sexually abused during their lifetime, according to research summarized by the Massachusetts Disabled Persons Protection Commission.8 (For more information or to find help for a disabled individual who is being abused: and)
- About 1 in 4 LGBT-identified people( lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) have been abused by a partner.9 (For more information or to find help for a victim of LGBT partner abuse:)
Domestic Violence and Health
Is your relationship affecting your health? Domestic violence has many negative effects on a victim's health. Besides physical and mental damage from the abuse itself, survivors often have long-term health problems related to the violence such as:10, 11, 12
- Chronic pain
- Arthritis
- Migraines
- Sexually transmitted diseases
- Ulcers and other stomach issues
- Heart trouble
- Miscarriage and other serious problems if a woman is abused during pregnancy
- Psychological or emotional problems such as anxiety, depression, and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Effects on Children
Many people who abuse their partner also abuse their children. Children who see domestic violence in the home, even if they are not being abused, are still affected in a negative way. For these reasons, it is important to provide choices and resources to the adult victims of domestic violence and their children.10, 12, 13, 14, 15
Some of the long-term health problems for children who witness abuse include:
- Anxiety, depression, anti-social behavior, and aggression
- Nightmares and trouble sleeping
- Bed-wetting
- Difficulty concentrating and doing well in school
- Suicide attempts
- Drug and alcohol abuse
- Stomach problems, asthma, and headaches
- Abuse of a pregnant woman can also result in serious harm to her fetus, including death
<|endofexample|>
If you would like to make a general comment, a compliment about the service or a suggestion, feel free to speak to staff or contact one of the following:
Each practice or shop will have someone responsible for looking into comments and suggestions. Contact the practice or shop and ask for their name.
For services provided by NHS Lanarkshire, please speak to staff directly or download our Comments, Compliments and Suggestions form and return it to us Freeport.
Please try to give us as much information as possible, for example:
Please include your contact details on the form if you would like us to reply.
Do not use this form to raise a concern or make a complaint. Instead please use the following links: transfered to the answer machine which is checked at regular intervals.
What are these?
<|endofexample|>
The Automated Test Outlook is a comprehensive view of the key technologies and methodologies making a large impact on the test and measurement industry. One of the biggest challenges for test engineers and managers is staying current on technology trends. National Instruments has a broad knowledge of technology trends and interacts with companies across many sectors, which gives us a unique view on the test and measurement market. This makes it possible for us to be a strategic partner with many of our key customers in identifying trends and industry best practices. For 2013, we highlight five major trends across five categories: business strategy, architecture, computing, software, and I/O.
Download the NI Automated Test Outlook 2013
We solicited feedback from the NI customer base of more than 35,000 companies worldwide and, with our research and development activities, generated quantitative and qualitative data to identify trends.
Test economies are broken and need to focus on modeling to justify investments.
The software-centric nature of technology will transform the capability of automated test systems.
Companies are leveraging IT infrastructures and analytic tools to make quicker decisions on test data.
Increasing test software complexity takes advantage of software development best practices to ensure test system reliability.
Technology advancements drive up performance and drive down the cost of RF test equipment.
<|endofexample|>
National Independent Automobile Dealers Association
Serving Quality Independent Automobile Dealers Since 1946
About Mission Statement State Affiliates Executive Committee Services Board Foundation Trustees Past Presidents Contact Us
10 Reasons to Join Member Directory Recognition & Awards Application Update Membership NIADA Foundation
Program Overview Corporate Partners Member Benefits Program NIADA Certified NIADA Insurance Svcs Health Insurance Exchange and Reform Manheim Dealers Edge
Education Overview Certified Master Dealer ™ NIADA Dealer 20 Groups NIADA.TV AutoConsumer.TV Education Providers
Industry Links State Affiliates Auto Auctions NIADA Foundation NIADA.TV AutoConsumer.TV Industry Events Calendar
2521 Brown Boulevard | Arlington, TX 76006 | (800) 682-3837
<|endofexample|>
The Manhattan based interior designer has created stunning works of art, mostly on the west coast in past years, and has gained phenomenal fame for it. Most notably, his second home, a romantic ruin of a 1920s Santa Barbara estate that he restored to remarkable grandeur. Its elegant transformation is the focus of Villa, one of his best design books, and arguably the best of any design books printed in 2009. I remember Joni Webb of Cote de Texas telling me to pick up a copy of Saladino Style, that it was the only interior design course I needed ... and she was undoubtedly correct.
A true master of the subtle gesture, Saladino's work appears effortless, timely yet timeless. Check out these photos from his portfolio, and if you haven't already bought or received the most current issue of Veranda, buy it - his feature in this month's issue is gorgeous!
<|endofexample|>
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Monday, May 15, 2000
niaidnews@niaid.nih.gov
"Theaser.
San Francisco's Department of Public Health HIV Research Section will host a reception on June 1 for past and present HIV vaccine research trial participants and their partners. This reception will bring both HIVNET and VaxGen study participants together in a celebration of their efforts to help find an HIV vaccine. St. Louis University and the Denver Department of Health will also host such an event. the VaxGen study of AIDSVAX, which is the first study to test the effectiveness of a vaccine to prevent HIV. This study is being sponsored by VaxGen, a biotechnology company.:
Denver Department of Public Health
Denver, CO
Philip Osteen: 303-436-7098
Fenway Community Health
Boston, MA
Brian Glaser: 617-927-6024
Howard Brown Health Center
Chicago, IL
Kellie Dyslin/Michael Cristofano:
773-388-8872/8883
Johns Hopkins University
Baltimore, MD
Jennifer Donnelly-Moe: 410-614-6619
Eric Zimmerman: 410-955-2783
Memorial Hospital Pawtucket, RI
Miriam Hospital
Providence, RI
Louise C. Paiva: 401-729-2323
New York Blood Center
New York, NY
Beryl Koblin, Ph.D.: 212-570-3105
Denise Goodman: 212-388-0008
San Francisco Department of Public Health
San Francisco, CA
Reginald Gage: 415-437-4669
St. Louis University School of Medicine
St. Louis, MO
John Stoneman: 314-268-5448
University of Alabama at Birmingham
Birmingham, AL
Joy Carter: 205-934-1676
University of Rochester
Rochester, NY
Shirley Erb: 716-275-5744
University of Washington
Seattle, WA
David Richart: 206-667-2376
Vanderbilt University
Nashville, TN
Mary Braeuner: 615-343-6957
John Howser: 615-322-4747
For more information about enrolling in vaccine studies, call the AIDS Clinical Trials Information Service at 1-800-243-7012. To learn more about NIAID's HIV/AIDS vaccine research program, visit. To learn more about clinical trials, 15, 2000
<|endofexample|>
: Edgar Degas, par lui-meme
Artist: Edgar Degas
Medium: Oil Painting on Canvas
Processing Time: 15-20 Business Days Before Shipping
Museum quality paintings
Edgar Degas, par lui-meme by Edgar Degas is 100% hand-painted oil painting reproduction by our talented artists with many years of experience.
hundreds of thousands of choices
Our website has over 500,000 different oil paintings to choose from. We feature Edgar Degas oil paintings as well as famous paintings by over 40,000 other artists. There is something for everyone. However if there is a piece not on our site that you would like to order, please let us know.
Finest Paints & Canvases
The oil painting reproduction of Edgar Degas, par lui-meme by Edgar Deg.
<|endofexample|>
We're sorry, the page you're looking for does not exist. Please use the menu above to browse our site. Or, feel free to contact us.
Visit us at our boutique to experience the color, texture, and feel of Nicholas Kniel. We are located at
- 290 Hilderbrand Drive, Suite B-16
- Atlanta, GA 30328
- 404.252.8855
- Directions
Our hours are:
- Mondays, by appointment
- Tuesdays - Fridays, 10-5
- Saturdays - 10-4
- Sundays - Closed
<|endofexample|>
Project Copernicus
Copernicus is the codename for an unparalleled MMOG entertainment experience set in a truly evolving fantasy world that is both warmly familiar and intriguingly unique. Creative giants R. A. Salvatore and Todd McFarlane, together with the design teams at Big Huge Games and 38 Studios, are crafting a story of epic conflict and heroic individual journeys in which the players’ actions will impact the fate of the world. This storyline rests upon a solid design core that incorporates the best play and social experiences available to players at launch. Driven by the creative talents of Salvatore and McFarlane and enriched through an array of products that will allow broad and deep exploration of the vast universe of Copernicus, 38 Studios is combining the ages-old art of the story with 21st century interactive entertainment. For more information on the world, visit Amalur.com.
I worked as a Content Designer at 38 Studios on Project Copernicus crafting quests and the player experience through the world of Amalur.
Screenshots:
<|endofexample|>
Clean Energy Legislation 23 April 2012
85% back clean energy legislation
Prime Minister David..”.”
<|endofexample|>
CLINICAL RESEARCH CENTER MOVES
FROM THE DRAWING BOARDS . . .
. . . DOWN TO EARTH:
THE GROUND IS BROKEN
The official groundbreaking ceremony for the Mark O. Hatfield Clinical Research Center took place November 4 on a beautiful, breezy fall morning, ablaze in red and gold leaves."The Clinical Research Center will play host to some of the great medical breakthroughs of the 21st century," Gore predicted. His was the first in a series of addresses by political figures, including HHS secretary Donna Shalala, whose efforts on behalf of biomedical research had contributed to the occasion of the day. Shortly after coming to office, the vice president had launched his "reinventing government" agenda and designated NIH's research apparatus a "reinvention laboratory." The new CRC could be considered the centerpiece of that effort.
But not without the money from Congress to do it. Sen. Arlen Specter (R.-Pa.) and Rep. John Porter (R.-Ill.), who vowed to remain partisan to NIH, took their places at the podium, as, of course, did Sen. Mark Hatfield (R.-Oreg.), who urged that greater efforts be made to train clinical researchers, especially in light of the "discouragement" they face these days. Hatfield also underscored the need to enhance support for the NIH-funded General Clinical Research Centers across the country "to translate basic science to the bedside."
Clinical Center Director John Gallin pointed to the core of clinical research at NIH - the patients. Two Clinical Center patients paid tribute to the doctors, nurses, pharmacists, nutritionists - and the science - that have kept them alive and well in the face of their deadly diseases, cystic fibrosis and breast cancer.
Charles Tolchin, a 29-year-old man with cystic fibrosis diagnosed at age 5 at a time when life expectancy was age 8, listed advances that had allowed him to reach adulthood and to feel strong as he spoke that day, and he thanked NIH for them - the diagnostic sweat test he took at age 5, the anti-inflammatory medications and nebulized antibiotics he needs, the self-operated flutter device he blows into to get rid of secretions, and the double-lung transplant he had last April (at the University of North Carolina) that has eliminated his cough and his need for protracted daily respiratory therapy.
He remarked, too, that NIH had funded the research that isolated the cystic fibrosis gene, "and now NIH is looking for a [gene] delivery system," he added.
Jane Reese-Coulbourne, came to the Clinical Center at the age of 36 after she'd been diagnosed with advanced breast cancer. "I was told I would not likely see 40. I wanted the most aggressive therapy I could find, and I came to NIH on protocol. 'Your cancer appears to be gone' - they've been telling me that now for the last seven years," she recounted.
"We need more patients in clinical trials on experimental therapies," she concluded.
-- Fran Pollner
Return to the Table of Contents
<|endofexample|>
cancel
More Top 10s
- Mexican Food
- Middle Eastern Cuisine
- Unique Restaurants
- Pan-Asian & Pacific Rim
- Restaurants Around Houston
- Restaurants near George Bush Intercontinental Airport
- Ask a Local
- Locals have answered 16 questions about Houston.
- Ask Houston Locals
1. Empire Café
- European Style Cafe in Montrose
- Affordable
- Montrose/Museum District
- 0.0 miles
2. Mark's American Cuisine
- Cutting Edge Menu
- American
- Moderately Priced
- 0.1 miles
-
4. Eatsie Boys
- Speech-Depriving Sandwiches
- Cheap
- Montrose/Museum District
- 0.1 miles
5. Be-wiched Bistro
- Sandwiches Made to Beguile Again
- American
- Montrose/Museum District
- 0.1 miles
-
9. Cafe Montrose
- Brilliant Belgian Cuisine
- Belgian
- Affordable
- Montrose/Museum District
- 0.2 miles
10. Churrasco's
- Taste of Nicaragua
- American
- Latin American
- Steakhouses
- Moderately Priced
- 0.3
<|endofexample|>
More Top 10 Lists
- Bars and Clubs near Boise downtown
- Cinemas
- Pubs
- Theater
- Venues
- Bars
- Bars and Clubs near Barber Park
- Bars and Clubs near Boise Airport
- Bars and Clubs near Boise State University
- Hip Nightlife
- Fun Nightlife
- Off the Beaten Path Nightlife
- Recently Updated Idaho Bars, Clubs & Nightlife
- Romantic Nightlife
- Even more lists
- Ask a Local
- There are 7 questions about Idaho.
- Ask Idaho Locals
1. Idaho Shakespeare Festival Amphitheater and Reserve
- Shakespeare Under the Stars
- Theater
- Southeast Boise
2. Grange Hall
- Popular Concert Venue
-
3. Skydive Idaho
- Free Fall!
- Northwest Boise
4. Nazareth Retreat Center
- Peaceful
- Northwest Boise
5. Eagle Bike Park
- Extreme Bike Course
- Outside the City
-
6. Boise Square Dance Center
- Dance Venue
- Dance
- Southwest Boise
7. Nampa Bowl
- Bowling Extravaganza
- Outside the City
8. Garden City Senior Center
- Serving the Elderly
- Garden City
9. Boise Bible College Auditorium
- On-Campus Venue
- Garden City
10. Wings Center
- Great Rec Center
- Southwest Boise
-
- The Best of NileGuide
- What’s hot in Boise right now? Nightlife hotspots are constantly changing, and what was all the rage yesterday is nothing but tumbleweeds and tourists tonight. If you’re tired of showing up six months after the party’s ended, you need to know the latest bars and clubs in Boise. Find out where the locals are going wild, this very moment.
- Best Of Idaho
Hotels
- Boutique Hotels
- Cheap Accommodations
- Family Friendly Accommodations
- Luxury Hotels
- Apartments and Condos
- Brand Name Hotels
- Business Hotels
- Downtown Hotels
Things to Do
- Active Things to Do
- Cultural Activities
- Family Friendly Attractions
- Golf Courses
- Historical Things to Do
- New Tourist Attractions
- Museum Exhibits
- Outdoor Activities
Restaurants
- Mexican Food
- Unique Restaurants
- Pizza
- Romantic Dining
- Cheap Restaurants
- Fun Restaurants
- Family Friendly Restaurants
- American Food
<|endofexample|>
- Type
-
- Preference
- Neighborhood
-
-
- View results on map
Seybold Buchwald's Jewelers
Jewelers who specialize in an assortment of goods (diamonds, gems, watches, rings, and such) gather here...
- Shopping
La Brioche Doree
This tiny storefront off 41st Street is packed most mornings with French expatriates and visitors who...
- Shopping
-
Morning Call Bakery
You'll be happy to pay upward of $6 a loaf when you sink your teeth into these inimitable Old World-style...
- Shopping
-
Miami Twice
While they are not technically antiques yet, the Old Florida furniture and decorations from the '30s,...
- Shopping
El Credito Cigars
This tiny storefront shop employs about 45 veteran Cuban rollers who sit all day rolling the very popular...
- Shopping
Douglas Gardens Jewish Home and Hospital Thrift Shop
- Find a Steal
- Shopping
- Airport Area
Barneys Co-Op
Finally, an outpost of posh Barneys New York opens on South Beach, only this time, it's more "affordable."...
- Shopping
-
Red White & Blue Thrift Store
Miami's best-kept secret is this mammoth thrift store that is meticulously organized and well stocked....
- Shopping
HiHo Batik
Hand-painted tank tops, adorable accessories, and funky jewelry including Hello Kitty is what you'll...
- Shopping
Royal Caribbean International
- Exotic trip
- Tours
- Miami
Paradiso Day Spa (Il)
- Paradise found
- Spas
Streets of Mayfair
This sleepy, desolate, labyrinthine shopping area conceals a movie theater, several top-quality shops,...
- Shopping
Beach Boat Rentals
- Powerboat rentals
- Boating
Costa Del Sol Golf and Country Club
- Designed by Robert Cupp
- Golf
- Airport Area
Doral Park Golf & Country Club
- Interesting course
- Golf
Doral Resort- Red Course
- Popular course
- Golf
Miami National Golf Club
- Three courses
- Golf
- South Miami/Kendall
Milton E. Thompson Camping
- RV storage available
Miami Cemetery Tour
- Local history tour
- Tours
Royal Palaces and Museums
- Reproductions of the world's best
- Shopping
Miami River Historical Jungle Tours
- A floating tutorial
- Tours
- Miami
<|endofexample|>
cancel
More Top 10s
- Cheap Restaurants
- Five Star Restaurants
- Fun Restaurants
- Italian Food
- Family Friendly Restaurants
- Romantic Dining
- Asian Food
- Australian Food
- British Food
- Restaurants for Meetings
- Californian Cuisine
- European Dining
- Fusion Restaurants
- Greek Food
- Indian Cuisine
- Latin American
- Mediterranean Food
- Middle Eastern Cuisine
-...
- user rating
-
user rating
3. Mister Tiki Mai Tai Lounge
- Tropical paradise
- American
- Asian
- Chinese
- Pan-Asian & Pacific Rim
- Expensive
user rating
4. Lei Lounge
- This critically acclaimed and award winning restaurant/lounge has recently reopened it's doors after...
- Pan-Asian & Pacific Rim
- Cheap
user rating
5. Bali Hai Restaurant
- Enchanting Tiki dining
- American
- Pan-Asian & Pacific Rim
- Affordable
-
user rating
6. On Broadway
- Pacific Rim cuisine, World class DJs
- Asian
- Seafood
- Japanese
- Mexican
- Pan-Asian & Pacific Rim
- Moderately Priced
- user rating
- user rating
- user rating
user rating
10. Buster's Beach House & Longboard Bar
- Tour the islands
- American
- Asian
- Caribbean
- Breakfast & Brunch
- Pan-Asian & Pacific Rim
- Affordable
- Downtown - Centre City
-
-.
-
Nightlife
- Ice Cream
- Live Music
- Nightclubs
- Romantic Nightlife
- Theater
- Trendy Nightlife
- Music in San Diego
- Pubs
<|endofexample|>
Every so often I come across random ideas spreading around Twitter that are worth sharing. Here is one such idea that might be one of the more unique promotions I've come across. Apparently Duracell is starting some kind of partnership with the NFL and they are using Patrick Willis to help push the partnership in San Francisco.
For those of you in San Francisco, this Friday from 11am to 5pm, Willis will be traveling around the city to provide service "for all your manpower needs." If you need your lawn mowed, dishes cleaned, furniture moved, pretty much whatever, Willis will be traveling around to help out. In order to try and get Patrick to come help with your task of choice, tweet out the task and include #PatrickPower in the tweet. It might help to include @duracell as well, but you have to include #PatrickPower to be eligible.
You can start tweeting out the work now as they will select some in advance. Duracell and Willis will also be responding to tweets throughout the day while he is traveling from task to task. They're going to try and send me some video after this wraps up, so maybe we'll get to see shots of Patrick Willis mowing a lawn in San Francisco (not that there are very many lawns to be mowed). Or maybe, a shot of him helping somebody move. Hopefully he gets paid a little extra from Duracell for that. Or at least they get him lunch. That seems like a reasonable price for helping somebody move.
Whatever happens, we're hoping for high entertainment from this!
There are 17 Comments. Load Now.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!
<|endofexample|>
Username: nickName
Your Stars Balance: 999
28/11/2012
With its 90% bigger screens, improved battery life and more SD Card storage space, there are plenty of great reasons to buy Nintendo 3DS XL… and now you can get a free download game from Nintendo eShop too with our winter promotion!
Register a Nintendo 3DS XL with Club Nintendo by January 15th, 2013 and you'll be eligible to claim one of five top Nintendo 3DS titles to download from Nintendo eShop. Then, once you've downloaded your game directly to your Nintendo 3DS XL system, you'll be able to take it with you wherever you go!
The five games you can choose from as part of this offer are:
– Nintendo presents: New Style Boutique
– Freakyforms Deluxe Your Creations, Alive!
– Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask
Better yet, claiming your download code for a free game from Nintendo eShop couldn't be simpler!
Step 1
Use the Club Nintendo registration card provided with your Nintendo 3DS XL system to register it at.
Step 2
Complete the registration survey and click the promotional banner that appears at the end.
Step 3
Check that the email address linked to your Club Nintendo account is correct, then follow the on-screen prompts to choose one of the five free games available.
Step 4
Once you receive your unique download code by email, go to Nintendo eShop through your Nintendo 3DS XL system between January 1st, 2013 and January 31st, 2013.
Step 5
Scroll to the far left in the main page of Nintendo eShop and select 'Settings/Other', then tap 'Redeem Download Code' and enter your code. Then you can download your free game and enjoy it on the bigger screens of Nintendo 3DS XL!
Whether you're treating yourself or buying one as a gift for someone else, there's really never been a better time to join the Nintendo 3DS XL family!
Registration to Club Nintendo required; terms and conditions apply. Only one registered Nintendo 3DS XL per Club Nintendo account can participate in this promotion. Please refer to section 5 point 3 of Club Nintendo Terms and Conditions. The download code can be used to download your free game to any Nintendo 3DS or Nintendo 3DS XL system.. For full information, please read the Terms & Conditions on our website.
© 2013 - Nintendo of Europe GmbH - All rights reserved.
<|endofexample|>
Do you agree with Nintendo's approach to E3 2013?
View Results
LOL, point & click adventure refers to Zack & Wiki~
\:D/
Beware for WiiWARE~!
// Roth
HA! now this looks good i may have to buy this
Lol, it could be good
Huh so homestarrunner.com is now affiliated with nintendo?
Fhqwhgads! I’m getting this one!
<|endofexample|>
Spirit Pipes
Download: Here
Designer: Christina
*Designer's Notes*
-the "strings" where constructed by fraying the ends of simple paper tubes.
-the white strips on the template indicate where to glue the six pipe parts together.
Later in the game, the Fisherman of Great Bay Village requests that Link take a Pictograph of a Gerudo Pirate as part of a side quest to find the Zora Eggs and rewards Link with a seahorse that he captured near Pinnacle Rock.
I, of course recall none of this at all, lol!
Labels: Smash Bros., Zelda
Recolour by Icthus7
Fierce Deity Link
Another great recolor by Nick Lopez! It's a Fierce Deity Link! Many people think the Fierce Deity mask was stupid because of the great power you gained. But everyone has to admit: Fierce Deity Link looks Really cool! This is a recolor from the Chokipeta Four Swords link.
<|endofexample|>
The Northside ISD Board of Trustees is seeking nominations for the name of two new elementary schools and a middle school scheduled to open in 2013.
News Archive.
Since Neff Middle School, Glenoaks Elementary School, and Westwood Terrace Elementary School opened 50 years ago, the schools have educated thousands of children and become cornerstones in the community.
Bobby Blount, a Northside ISD Board of Trustee since 1999, received the 2011 Celebration of Leadership Outstanding Alumni Award from the Texas Association of School Boards (TASB) during its annual conference this past weekend.
Northside Superintendent John Folks, a longtime educator and vocal advocate for public education, has been named the best superintendent in the state by Texas Association of School Boards.
It’s official: Northside ISD’s enrollment for the 2011-12 school year is 97,439. That means the District grew by more than 2,700 students from last school year to this school yea
KENS-TV anchor Deborah Knapp made a surprise visit to Carnahan Elementary School this week to bestow longtime teacher Melissa Licata with the ExCEL Award, which recognizes outstanding educators in the greater San Antonio area.
With more students but less funding and fewer teachers, never has Northside ISD’s volunteer army been more important.
Northside Independent School District (NISD) is leading the community in the fight to stop diabetes in San Antonio.
Pages
<|endofexample|>
Good Practice Guidelines
American Association for Higher Education
Association of American Colleges and Universities
North Central Association-Commission on Institutions of Higher Education
Study Findings Inform Best Practices
A study by the American Productivity and Quality Center yielded 11 key findings for best practices in Educational Assessment. These findings come from the Consortium Benchmarking Study Best-in-class report.
Consortium Benchmarking Study
Code of Professional Responsibilities in Educational Measurement
National Council on Measurement in Education Code of Professional Responsibilities in Educational Measurement. Outlines responsibilities of those who:
- Administer Assessments
- Score Assessments
- Interpret, Use, and Communicate Assessment Results
- Educate Others about Assessment
- Evaluate Educational Programs and Conduct Research on Assessments
Examples of Best Practices
The Association of American Colleges and Universities has compiled some applied examples of best practice campus assessments for the following:
- Comprehensive Mathematics Project
- Honors Capstone
- Independent Research in Biology
- Interactive Qualifying Project
- Nursing Portfolio
- Portfolio Assessments
- Senior Assignments in Business
- Senior Assessment
- Senior Capstone
- Senior Integrated Design Project
- Senior Seminar
- Synthesis for Professional Nursing Practice
Good Practice Guidlines
Educational agencies and Academic researchers have come up with several ‘good practice’ guidelines for assessing student learning. Some of the most pervasive sets of guidelines are:
American Association for Higher Education: Nine Principles of Good Practice for Assessing Student Learning
These nine principles were developed under the auspices of the AAHE Assessment Forum with support from the Fund for the Improvement of Postsecondary Education with additional support for publication and dissemination from the Exxon Education Foundation.
- Educational Values: The assessment of student learning begins with educational values.
- Multidimensional & Longitudinal: Assessment is most effective when it reflects an understanding of learning as multidimensional, integrated, and revealed in performance over time.
- Clear Purpose: Assessment works best when the programs it seeks to improve have clear, explicitly stated purposes.
- Outcome Related: Assessment requires attention to outcomes but also and equally to the experiences that lead to those outcomes.
- Ongoing Process: Assessment works best when it is ongoing, not episodic. Assessment is a process whose power is cumulative.
- Educational Community Involvement: Assessment fosters wider improvement when representatives from across the educational community are involved.
- Stems from Important Issues: Assessment makes a difference when it begins with issues of use and illuminates questions that people really care about.
- One Part of the Larger Whole: Assessment is most likely to lead to improvement when it is part of a larger set of conditions that promote change.
- Meeting Responsibilities: Through assessment, educators meet responsibilities to students and to the public.
View more detailed explanations of each guideline.
Association of American Colleges and Universities: Elements of Good Assessment Practice
These eight elements describe emerging consensus among education leaders (as found by the Association of American Colleges and Universities) towards liberal learning outcomes that are essential for baccalaureate graduates.
- The use of both formative assessment, for the purpose of giving feedback and making improvement, and summative assessment, for the purpose of identifying levels of attainment.
- Multiple methods that include both qualitative and quantitative evidence.
- Authentic methods that arise from students’ actual assignments and learning experiences, which might be both curricular and co-curricular.
- Assessments that are developmental, so that students and others can observe progress toward valued outcomes, perhaps through the use of portfolios.
- A focus on higher, more sophisticated knowledge and capacities rather than on more easily measured basic skills.
- Faculty ownership of not just the education but also, because it is inherent to the learning process itself, the assessment of students; whether they teach major or general education courses, faculty need to create, implement, and sustain the program to educate and assess students.
- Assessment as continuous, systematic, and multi-dimensional.
- An ongoing, systematic process for using assessment results to improve teaching, learning, and the curriculum.
These eight elements can be found in Chapter 3 of:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
North Central Association-Commission on Institutions of Higher Education’s Hallmarks of Successful Programs to Assess Student Academic Achievement
NCA’s guidelines come from their 1994-1996 Handbook of Accreditation and provide suggestions for creating a good assessment program.
- Flows from the institution’s mission
- Has a conceptual framework
- Has faculty ownership/responsibility
- Has institution-wide support
- Uses multiple measures
- Provides feedback to students and the institution
- Is cost-effective
- Does not restrict or inhibit goals of access, equity, and diversity established by the institution
- Leads to improvement
- Includes a process for evaluating the assessment program
Since the 1994 release of these hallmarks, the NCA’s handbook has been updated without inclusions of these hallmarks. However, the third handbook addition (2003) includes NCA’s current position statement on assessment which continues to advocate the key role of assessment in improving student learning.
Additional information can be found at:
Higher Learning Commission. (2003). Handbook of Accreditation, 3rd ed. Retrieved July 08, 2008 from:
Hubba, M., & Freed, J. (2000). Learner-centered assessment on college campuses: Shifting focus from teaching to learning. Needham Heights, MA: Allyn & Bacon.
North Central Association – Commission on Institutions of Higher Education. (1994). Handbook of Accreditation (1994-1996). Chicago: North Central Association.
Study Findings Inform Best Practices
American Productivity and Quality Center: Consortium Benchmarking Study Best-in-class Report
In 1997, the American Productivity and Quality Center and the University of Maryland University College, conducted a benchmark study to investigate best practices and key trends in assessing learning outcomes. Forty-three institutions participated in the study, which yielded 11 key findings:
- Good assessment plans are strategic in nature. They clarify the purposes of the assessment activities and tie each to the organization's mission, vision, and key goals.
- Widespread involvement of all stakeholders, established early and maintained over time, yields an organizational culture that embraces assessment.
- The adoption and implementation of an assessment plan is best begun promptly when the need is recognized and then allowed to evolve slowly. It is important to balance the need for buy-in with the time required for a sound implementation.
- In-depth analysis and periodic review of the needs and interests of internal and external stakeholders drive the choice of which learning outcomes to assess and how they are assessed.
- The use of multiple methods of assessment can enhance reliability. Additionally, to ensure that a process is valid and measures what it is intended to measure, each activity and instrument should be tied to its purpose and the strategy for achieving that purpose.
- Integrating assessment with other ongoing performance improvement efforts within an organization enhances the long-term viability of the assessment program and its usefulness to the overall organization.
- Successful organizations take a decentralized approach to assessment, pushing responsibility and ownership to those on the front lines.
- Assessment is integral to learning and most effective when included as a responsibility for each member of the organization, as opposed to being an add-on effort.
- The primary purpose of obtaining and reporting assessment findings is to improve the organization and, in particular, its employees' and students' learning. Accordingly, the findings are best used in non-punitive ways.
- Educating those who will use the assessment data is the key to shifting the focus of assessment from the data to an overall process.
- Best-practice organizations continually communicate the assessment activities and results to their constituents.
Code of Professional Responsibilities in Educational Measurement
Responsibilities of those who Administer Assessments
Access the National Council on Measurement in Education and their entire ethics code (pdf version).
(Excerpt from Section 4 of Ethics Code).
Responsibilities of Those Who Score Assessments
Access the National Council on Measurement in Education and their entire ethics code (pdf version).
(Excerpt from Section 5 of Ethics Code).
Responsibilities of Those Who Interpret, Use, and Communicate Assessment Results
Access the National Council on Measurement in Education and their entire ethics code (pdf version).
(Excerpt from Section 6 of Ethics Code) understandable.
Responsibilities of Those Who Educate Others about Assessment
Access the National Council on Measurement in Education and their entire ethics code (pdf version).
(Excerpt from Section 7 of Ethics Code).
Responsibilities of Those Who Evaluate Educational Programs and Conduct Research on Assessments
Access the National Council on Measurement in Education and their entire ethics code (pdf version).
(Excerpt from Section 8 of Ethics Code).
Examples of Best Practices
Comprehensive Mathematics Project: Saint Mary’s College
Assessment for seniors in mathematics at Saint Mary’s is done primarily through the Senior Comprehensive Project. Each student undertakes a semester-long independent study project under the direction of a faculty advisor. Two hour-long preliminary reports are given to the entire seminar group of seniors (seven or eight) doing this project, and everyone in attendance completes a comment form after the talk. The instructor reviews these forms and returns them to the student with additional comments. The student writes a final paper (usually 25-30 pages) that is read by three faculty members and makes a public oral presentation with questioning by a faculty panel. Students are expected to be able to answer questions about any mathematics they have studied that is relevant to the topic of their independent study. In this way, the mathematics faculty emphasizes synthesis and independent learning in the senior year.
In addition to knowledge and abilities in the area of mathematics, the general education outcomes most directly involved in this senior project are those dealing with oral and written communication, clear thinking about complex problems, and the ability to learn independently. Lower-level mathematics courses reinforce the development of these abilities by including writing assignments in every course, and by giving feedback to students on the precision and style of their writing. Oral presentations are also included. Upper-level mathematics courses require the foundations developed in the first two years. Synthesis of the material—connecting the pieces presented in class and recognizing the big picture, including relationships to other parts of the undergraduate experience—is accomplished by individuals and also by the group. As students write papers dealing with a sequence of technical issues, they are expected to provide connections between ideas. And as students progress through the major, they are expected to work more and more independently.
The entire mathematics department is involved in these projects. Every student has an advisor, and a team of three faculty members reads the final paper and then asks questions during the oral presentation. The instructor for the senior seminar group sits on each review panel, and every faculty member in the department serves on at least two of these panels each year. At the end of the presentation, the seminar instructor conveys to the student via letter the judgment of his or her performance. When all the projects for a particular year have been concluded, the department faculty meet as a whole to assess the experience and propose any needed changes.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Honors Capstone: Hampton University
The Honors Capstone at Hampton University is designed to provide an opportunity for students to synthesize their undergraduate experience. In the Capstone Seminar, students discuss research methodology while doing an in-depth study of some topic of interest. Two products are required - a report on the results of the study and an Honors Portfolio.
For the independent study, the student must select a topic that is not directly related to his or her major. Because this work will be done independently, each student prepares a work schedule and sets the time for presentation, subject to the professor’s approval. The student is required to make an oral presentation of the project using appropriate technology to enhance the presentation.
The Honors Portfolio consists of a minimum of three and a maximum of six pieces of work that span the student’s period of study at Hampton. Among these must be at least one piece of writing that involves research. The work in the portfolio need not be all written work. It may include video or audiotapes, art works, computer programs, or any other work that the student can successfully relate to course objectives. There must be a written prologue to the portfolio that explains why each piece is included.
In order to graduate with Honors College endorsement, a student must demonstrate the following:
- The ability to present ideas and communicate effectively in writing
- The ability to speak effectively
- The ability to analyze and synthesize a broad range of material
- The ability to apply research methods to a chosen topic
- The ability to reflect on experiences
The capstone research project and the Honors Portfolio are evaluated with these five criteria in mind. Each student chooses a committee of three people, two members of the faculty and one peer, to evaluate both the independent study product and the Honors Portfolio. This committee reviews and critiques these products and also the public oral presentation and defense of them.
The Capstone Seminar is designed as a community of learners that discusses, makes suggestions, provides feedback, and supports its members so there is a fruitful combination of individual and group dimensions to the work of the class. On the one hand, students have to take responsibility for individual research but, on the other hand, they do so with the support of a community. Furthermore, since the topic for the project is outside the student’s academic major, each student selects a mentor who has expertise in the field of that topic and receives guidance from that mentor, thus widening the range of faculty contributions to the Honors Capstone.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Independent Research in Biology: King’s College
The Senior Integrated Assessment in Biological Research at King’s College differs from a typical laboratory course in that there is no designated topic or laboratory project. Students must decide on an appropriate topic based on their previous learning. There is likewise no pre-designed protocol for carrying out the project, so students must design their own. Of perhaps greatest significance in this approach is that students must, therefore, continuously resolve problems in the course of doing the project.
An appropriate topic is one for which testable hypotheses can be generated. With guidance from a faculty member, the student then devises and conducts original and independent research that may provide results relevant to these hypotheses. These results are communicated in both written and oral form, with the expectation that these communications conform to the conventions of invited presentations at major conferences in the field of biology.
The general education program at King’s College aims to develop seven skills in each student, skills that are conceived as transferable to any major field: critical thinking and problem solving, effective writing, technology competency, effective oral communication, quantitative reasoning, library and information literacy, and moral reasoning. As students progress from semester to semester through their undergraduate experience, these skills are reinforced and developed in both general education and major courses. Thus, the student who begins the culminating research project in biology has been rehearsing the skills required to complete it successfully all through his or her course of studies.
Two other assessment exercises help prepare students for the challenges of the independent research project. Biology majors maintain a portfolio of their work in the major, and they are given frequent feedback on the contents of their portfolios by faculty advisors. There is also a sophomore- or junior-level “Diagnostic Project” that requires an oral and written report on a smaller scale than that of the senior independent research, but emphasizes the same transferable skills.
In the particular case of the senior research project in biology, students are provided with a detailed list of the criteria by which their work will be judged. This list covers the oral report, the written report, critical thinking, use of the library and information technology, and the various components of quality research in the field of biology.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Interactive Qualifying Project: Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI)
WPI takes very seriously its responsibility to prepare its graduates to be problem solvers in an interdisciplinary and international context. In 1970, the institution adopted a project-based structure for its undergraduate programs, which consist mainly of engineering, science, and management areas. The first project, called the Sufficiency, is an independent study in some area of arts and humanities that rounds out and integrates the liberal arts dimension of the degree. The second, called the Major Qualifying Project, constitutes a senior capstone experience in the student’s major.
The third, called the Interactive Qualifying Project, is a model of good practice in integrating general education and the major. A team of students completes this project, and it focuses on a complex technological problem as well as on the human and social context in which the problem and any potential solution exist. Students usually do this project, which is worth three courses, in the junior year. Its aim is to develop in students the ability to frame, study, and solve problems in ways that are technologically sound but also appropriate to the human, social, economic, and environmental context. Teamwork, communication skills, and integrative thinking figure significantly in these endeavors.
In addition to these project requirements, there is a strong international dimension to the degree. WPI has fourteen Project Centers in places such as London, Venice, Bangkok, Zimbabwe, and Australia. Students who do their Interactive Qualifying Project overseas must also add intercultural sensitivity to the list of competencies to be demonstrated.
WPI also recently established the Worcester Community Project Center to bring students living on campus the experience of an off-campus learning environment. Within their project parameters, student teams work with community groups to gain experience in how local governments operate, and the sponsoring agencies receive a useful product from the team’s analysis of the agency’s issue.
There is a well-organized process for evaluating student performance in the Interactive Qualifying Project. Teams of faculty are recruited in the summer for paid positions where they read the reports from the student teams and rate them on a Likert scale for each of the ABET criteria (a mixture of engineering and liberal arts outcomes). The ratings on the eleven ABET criteria and narrative evaluations of the reports are then entered into a database that faculty can consult in order to improve the quality of any further projects they sponsor. Administrators use the database to design faculty development workshops related to these projects.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Nursing Portfolio: Madonna University
Student nurses at Madonna University develop and maintain an educational portfolio during the four semesters of nursing courses. In the Senior Seminar in the final semester, they compose a prologue to the portfolio. In this prologue, the student makes explicit connections between the goals of general education at Madonna and the Department of Nursing program outcomes. The student also includes in the prologue a summary of the areas of most significant growth throughout his or her whole baccalaureate experience.
Completion of the fourth term marks the final assessment of the student’s progress toward achieving general education goals and nursing program outcomes. The final state of the portfolio is highly organized. Students write individual essays that explicitly address the integration of relevant University general educational goals with the nursing program outcomes. Thus, nursing program outcomes, general education outcomes, and personal goals are woven together in the student’s final semester -but as a reflection on what has happened all through the previous semesters. The integration of the undergraduate experience begins when the student begins to put together the portfolio.
For example, communication is one of the nursing program outcomes. The student begins with general education courses in English composition to improve the ability to write effectively. Later, a course in “foreign” culture enlightens students on ways of thinking and practicing in other cultures and facilitates the development of cultural sensitivity in communication. In the nursing program, there are courses that address therapeutic communication and communication in family and community situations that provide insights into verbal and non-verbal forms of communication. Therefore, specific communication abilities required for nursing professionals are developed by expanding and further reinforcing the communication skills that were begun in general education courses. To help the student make the link between program outcomes and general education goals, the Senior Seminar syllabus links each program outcome with the appropriate general education goal, the seminar course outcomes, and the course outcome indicators.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Portfolio Assessments: Teacher Education at Alverno College
Candidates for student teaching at Alverno College engage in a portfolio assessment experience the semester before they complete their student teaching. This is a culminating experience, one toward which they have been working since the beginning of the program. The purposes of the portfolio assessment are to give candidates an opportunity to demonstrate their readiness for student teaching by showing how they plan, teach, assess, and give feedback - and how they assess their own teaching. Both Alverno faculty and an educator from the P-12 sector give feedback on the portfolio. There are eight general areas of ability that the Alverno faculty identified as essential attributes to be attained by every student who graduates from the institution. For education majors, these eight attributes are clustered and aligned with the five abilities required of professional teachers.
Students regularly work on lesson plan development and self assessment according to the frameworks used in the portfolios, so that they prepare for the portfolio assessment in every class they take. New learning also occurs in doing the portfolio in two ways. First, students write reflections on what each lesson shows about them as developing teachers. They also write a detailed analysis of a videotaped lesson in terms of the double list of abilities above. Second, a professional in their field publicly critiques the portfolio. In these ways, students advance from just reflecting on their own performance to a deeper understanding of effective teaching. Portfolio assessment involves all members of the education department, members of the departments that prepare secondary teachers, and professionals from local P-12 systems.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Senior Assignments in Business: Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE)
The core of SIUE’s assessment program rests with the Senior Assignment (SRA). The SRA is defined as a scholarly engagement between student and professor that results in a product. Because the product is visible, it, and the curriculum that produced it, can be assessed. Students are observed while doing the SRA and examined on or asked to defend the product. The SRA is a culminating experience that provides a concrete experience of integration for students and an authentic indication of student learning to the faculty.
The SIUE School of Business identified four sets of attributes that their graduates should possess, with each set containing five further specifications of the general attribute. Each of the graduating seniors should
- Demonstrate skills acquisition
- Demonstrate liberal knowledge
- Possess business goals
- Possess business skills.
Elsewhere, the second outcome might be considered to be outside of business—an outcome for which general education faculty “out there” are responsible. At SIUE, in contrast, Business School professors are responsible for all of the outcomes listed above and are involved in teaching formal general education classes.
Two kinds of student activities occur in the Business SRAs. The first is an assignment to write a memorandum to a department manager in a simulated corporation. The student must review all aspects of a complex business case—markets (domestic and international), legal aspects (court decisions, tax law), accounting and financial contexts, technology, labor relations, and so forth—a genuinely cross-functional analysis. The memorandum is expected to make recommendations in the area of the student’s specialization, after demonstrating a grasp of the total situation. Students then give an oral presentation and defense of the memorandum, and several faculty raters judge the student’s mastery of oral and written communication, application of appropriate knowledge, analytical and critical reasoning, and persuasiveness or effectiveness.
The second is participation in an annual International Business Policy Competition that calls for multidisciplinary student teams to develop an analysis and a set of recommendations in response to simulated quarterly reports. As in the previous case, this simulation asks students to undertake roles and duties similar to what they will encounter after graduation. SIUE faculty use the results of each set of SRAs to improve its quality in ensuing years. For example, recent assessments have led to a plan to include a more explicit ethical dimension to the memorandum exercise.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Senior Assessment: Alverno College Division of Nursing
As a general principle, all assessments of outcomes at Alverno deal with both disciplinary knowledge (the major), as well as the eight abilities to be acquired by all graduates from the College (general education). These eight abilities are: communication, analysis, problem solving, valuing, social interaction, developing a global perspective, effective citizenship, and aesthetic responsiveness. The advanced outcomes for student nurses at Alverno incorporate the preceding eight abilities. The student nurse:
- Uses the nursing process within an analytic framework in meeting health needs of individuals, families, and groups
- Formulates value judgments reflecting a respect for the dignity and individuality of every person
- Interacts in an effective goal-directed manner
- Collaborates as a member of the health team to facilitate the adaptive process
- Uses adaptation theory in analyzing environmental influences
- Accepts a commitment to fulfill the responsibilities of a professional practitioner in contemporary society.
Typical of the kind of performance assessments embedded throughout the years of study are two senior-level assessments created by the Nursing Division that require integration of these outcomes in a manner especially appropriate to a nursing graduate. The first is an “In Basket” simulation, in which a senior nursing student takes on the role of a public health nurse preparing to go on vacation, who then gets a call dealing with possible child abuse. The student must immediately generate questions to ask during the site visit and possible interventions to be ready to implement. In addition to that call, s/he must prioritize and develop care plans for a caseload of families and assign the right personnel to manage the caseload while s/he is on vacation. The student nurse’s performance is judged by faculty, by professionals from the community, and by the student him/herself (according to previously published criteria).
The second assessment assigns the task of designing a campus health fair (to be actually conducted on campus) to a group of student nurses. One of the important parts of the design is the development of the criteria that the students will use to judge the degree of success of the health fair. As above, many people provide feedback to students on their performance and, more importantly, on their self-assessments.
These particular assessments are also learning experiences for students, because they simulate real professional situations and demand “on-your-feet” synthesis of abilities and knowledge.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Senior Capstone: Portland State University
The general education program that Portland State adopted in 1994 requires every student to complete a six-credit senior capstone. This capstone has four main objectives:
- To provide an opportunity for students to apply the expertise learned in the major to real community issues.
- To give students experience working in a team context necessitating collaboration with persons from different fields of specialization
- To encourage students to become actively engaged in addressing community issues
- To empower students to create summation products that represent their learning and meet the needs of community partners
The specific expertise from the major will obviously vary from student to student. All students, however, are expected to exhibit competence in four key areas: communication, appreciation of diversity, critical thinking, and appreciation of social responsibility. Earlier components of the general education program are designed to prepare students to perform as desired in the capstones. The freshman year focuses on inquiry skills in various disciplines; communication, both individual and in groups, is stressed in the second year; and then upper-level cluster courses enable students to apply inquiry and communication skills in a more sustained manner to a theme of their own choosing. Finally, students are provided with orientation and training materials within the capstone itself.
Each capstone engages a multidisciplinary team of students, under the supervision of a faculty member and a community partner, in developing solutions to real community issues. Students have to work collaboratively with one another and with people from the community. Some 140 of these capstones are offered each year - thirty-five in each of the four quarters - so students have real possibilities of finding a topic that fits both their interests and their academic background.
Through observations by faculty and community leaders, study of reflective journals by the students, and open-ended surveys and interviews, assessment results show that students claim and exhibit important learning in teamwork skills, in how to apply their learning to real life problems, and in social responsibility. Integration of the student’s entire undergraduate experience, in applying their learning to solve a real community problem, is the clear theme that emerges from student reflections on the capstone experience. The Capstone Office reports these data to the faculty, to guide course revisions, and the office uses them to plan the faculty development activities needed to improve the program.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Senior Integrated Design Project: College of Engineering, University of Hartford
The College of Engineering at the University of Hartford has been engaged in deliberate efforts to integrate humanities, sciences, and social sciences into the engineering curriculum. The new senior capstone is the fifth in a series of “Integrated Learning Blocks” that begin in the freshman year. This capstone gives students the opportunity to show that they have mastered the process of solving engineering problems, while at the same time taking into account the larger human, social, political, economic, and environmental contexts.
The capstone focus is an engineering problem that is studied by a team of seniors under the direction of Hartford faculty and one or more industry partners. The final product could be a new product or process or a new experiment or methodology that would be implemented in industry. The results are shown in the form of a written report that summarizes the student team’s analysis of the problem and the design solution that it proposes. The team makes an oral presentation of its report to an audience of student peers, university faculty, and representatives from business and industry. The oral and written reports must contain sections that address the social, political, economic, and cultural dimensions of the problem and its proposed solution.
Students are prepared for this senior project by Integrative Learning Blocks in the previous three years of the engineering curriculum. The Freshman Block calls for collaboration between engineering and humanities faculty on the development of skills in communication, research, data evaluation, and problem analysis in small groups. In the sophomore year, the focus is on problem solving skills and discussion of ethical issues and their social context between engineering and non-engineering students. Junior year engineering courses are linked to Western Heritage courses in the all-university curriculum. Collaborative learning and team-building experiences are key parts of these preparatory learning blocks.
Faculty assessment of the senior capstones is done on the basis of work carried out to satisfy the objectives and goals. The presentation part is focused on the written report and its oral presentation, as well as on observation of the process used by the student team to produce the report. Students have had feedback from faculty in previous years on the development of skills needed to succeed in the capstone. The assessment of the team's work by business and industry clients raises the level of seriousness of this capstone project in students’ minds. Engineering faculty put the results of the capstone assessments to good use in revising the structure and the teaching of the earlier Integrated Learning Blocks.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Senior Seminar: Saint Joseph’s College
Saint Joseph’s College has had an interdisciplinary core curriculum since 1969; all students take the same ten team-taught general education courses (a total of 45 semester hours) throughout an eight-semester period. The final core segment in the second semester of the senior year is a three-credit seminar that engages students, individually or in small groups, in confronting some serious contemporary issue that forces them to integrate what they have learned through their majors with what they have learned in the general education core.
There are four primary points on which student work is assessed. Students must: (1) study a seminar topic from at least two disciplinary perspectives; (2) include the ethical dimension of the topic in their work; (3) demonstrate the ability to do the kind of research appropriate to their topic; and (4) present the results in oral and written forms representative of senior-level work.
Since these senior seminar presentations constitute both a bridge between general education and the major and also a performance that recapitulates a student’s entire undergraduate experience a great deal of attention is focused here in the institution’s assessment plan. This is where the college judges its “product.” The seminar professor makes the grading and assessment judgment for each of his or her students and also coaches students in making detailed self-assessments of their work. But at least half of the seminar presentations are also judged by a team of four or five “outside” raters: retired professors, administrative staff, and professionals from the local community. (There are rubrics created by the core faculty to help coordinate the outside ratings with the faculty ratings.) The core curriculum committee analyzes the results of each year’s assessments of the senior seminar to determine if and where changes need to be made in the freshman, sophomore, and junior years.
Although the senior seminar requires more thorough research and a more professional presentation than any previous work in the core, there is ample opportunity for students to learn and to rehearse these skills at the lower levels. In the six-credit segment of the core that students take each semester, they constantly see faculty modeling interdisciplinary ways of studying topics and attending to the value dimensions of issues. In core discussion groups, students then are required to talk and write about the texts and issues in an integrative manner. Since Saint Joseph’s is a small institution, the faculty for the core are the same faculty who teach in the majors, so the common core and the majors tend to become synchronized very quickly.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
Synthesis for Professional Nursing Practice: DePaul University
At DePaul University all students are required to complete a capstone course to fulfill a liberal studies general education requirement. The capstone course is designed to integrate humanities and science perspectives within the major discipline. For nursing students this course is “Synthesis for Professional Nursing Practice,” a liberal studies course taught by nursing faculty. Although the main assignment in this course deals with a nursing topic, student performance is assessed in relationship to the ten University Learning Goals for graduates: mastery of content, communication, independence and cooperation in professional practice, multicultural perspectives, religious and ethical foundations, critical and creative thinking, multiple literacies, arts and literature aesthetic, self-reflection and lifelong learning, and historical consciousness. In that way, this seminar course serves as a culmination of the student’s prior courses and includes further development in the professionalization process.
One-half of the grade in the synthesis course derives from the written and oral presentations of a student’s handling of a controversial issue in professional nursing practice. In keeping with the breadth of the ten learning goals, there are clear and explicit expectations that the student presentations will include an historical perspective, an aesthetic dimension, and spiritual or cultural influences. Discussion of topics related to evidence-based practice, health policy development, ethical decision making, use of technology, and cost containment practices in managed care are some of the specific ways that university goals in the humanities and social sciences show up in these projects. Communication skills and critical thinking skills are assessed whether students are presenting or in the audience.
As was stated in a recent syllabus for this synthesis course, “after participating in this course the student will be able to synthesize information on a specific controversial topic, including a historical perspective, ethical and legal issues, aesthetic and spiritual perspectives.”
The nursing department developed specific assessment criteria for each of the ten learning goals, as a student of nursing would be expected to exhibit them. Assessment rubrics for these criteria are used to assess performance formally at entry into the program and at graduation, as well as throughout student coursework to give criterion-referenced feedback. The assessment process includes student self-assessment prior to faculty assessment using the same rubrics. The synthesis project thus serves both as the formal graduation assessment used to measure capstone student performance, including integration of nursing outcomes with university general education outcomes, and as the primary source of data for program evaluation.
Following Excert from:
Association of American Colleges and Universities. (2004). Taking Responsibility for the Quality of the Baccalaureate Degree. Washington, D.C.: Association of American Colleges and Universities.
You can purchase a hard copy
Or, access an electronic copy
<|endofexample|>
Passaic County
Breaking & local news from Clifton, Paterson, Passaic, Wayne & more
Date Range: January 31, 2011 - January 1, 2011
Two Clifton teens charged with beating another teen unconscious in park
By
January 26, 2011, 9:32AM... Full story »
Wayne man is sentenced to six months community service in Israel for assaulting Piscataway woman
By
January 26, 2011, 7:52AM
JER,... Full story »
Light snow is falling over most of N.J.
By
January 26, 2011, 7:39AM
State could receive another half-foot of snow by Thursday morning Full story »
Parts of N.J. may get 4 to 10 inches of snow in upcoming storm
By moves to fire all but one member of Passaic Valley Sewerage Commissioners
By
January 25, 2011, 9:35PM
Christie takes action to stop 'pattern of abuse' Full story »
Gov. Christie seeks $53M from FEMA for N.J., counties' expenses from blizzard
By »
Forty-six cats die in Wayne house fire
By
January 25, 2011, 10:59AM
WAYNE —... Full story »
One killed, two injured when SUV is struck by train in Franklin Lakes
By
January 25, 2011, 8:39AM
FRANKLIN LAKES — A Hawthorne man was killed and two others injured when the SUV they were riding in struck a moving train in Franklin Lakes on Monday night, according to a report on NorthJersey.com. A passenger in the front, Marcus Ruta, 20, died at the scene, the report said. The Jeep Cherokee hit train at the Pulis Avenue... Full story »
N.J. jitney minibus drivers vote not to unionize
By
January 24, 2011, 6:57PM
PAT... Full story »
Students at Paterson high school are without heat amid frigid temperatures
By
January 24, 2011, 4:42PM
PAT... Full story »
U.S. awards $275K grant for Mentoring Children of Prisoners program in 3 N.J. counties
By »
Future of Skylands Park in Sussex County is uncertain as ballpark's lease expiration nears
By
January 23, 2011, 8:00AM... Full story »
Ex-Jersey City official gets 3 years for explicit chats with cops he thought were underage girls
By
January 22, 2011, 9:04AM
WALL —... Full story »
Bills would limit salaries, spending by N.J. boards, commissions
By
January 20, 2011, 6:23PM... Full story »
- Passaic County
- Browse by month:
INSIDE
ADVERTISEMENT
Jersey Shore headlines
More: Jersey Shore news »
- FORUMS
- Talk in the Passaic County forum
PAT CISER FOR SHERIFF INTERVIEW VOTE ROW"C" by PeoplesChoice13 10:32 PM Wayne Hills coach by fozebear 8:41 AM
Most Commented on NJ.com
<|endofexample|>
In the opening keynote address at the NJBIZ Health Care Symposium, Dr. Jeffrey Brenner explained the way costs in the U.S. health system have spiraled out of control.
"Health care is an irrational market," Brenner said, citing the fact that the most expensive medical decisions come at times when the patient is least able to make a rational consumer decision.
Brenner told the crowd that cost doesn't follow quality, but follows size and geography of providers that have the strength to negotiate better fees for themselves.
Brenner's Camden Coalition of Healthcare Providers has made national news for increasing the quality of care and decreasing the cost of care for the city's poor, elderly and disabled population. He said the key for reducing the cost of care is for the business community to put pressure on the medical community to change, and to make health care data more accessible so the nation can pinpoint the high-cost users, the prices being charged and the variations in care across different providers for similar services.
Many of the points Brenner made were explored further during a panel discussion on whether the Affordable Care Act actually makes care affordable, led by moderator Joel Cantor, director of Rutgers University's Center for State Health Policy.
Christine Stearns, vice president for health and legal affairs at the New Jersey Business & Industry Association, said an ongoing decline in insurance coverage for employees at small companies reflects both the recession and the inability of some employers to continue to provide coverage.
"Small employers are the backbone of economy," and health insurance is one of the biggest expenses for employers, she said. And while it's a valuable benefit, she said, employees often are unhappy with the company health plan, so the ACA-provided insurance exchanges may be attractive for employers, who can get out of the health plan field, and workers, who can pick the coverage they want.
Larry Altman, who heads the office of health care reform at Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey, said Horizon is working with providers around the state to find ways to improve outcomes and lower costs, but the ACA does more to increase access to care than it does to lower costs.
"Businesses are paying a lot for health care. We hear all the time from our clients: 'Why are my premiums going up 7 or 10 or 25 percent this year?' Premiums go up because health care costs go up," Altman said.
Altman said until now, employers faced with unsustainable increases in premiums have had little recourse but to shift more of the cost to their employee and "that is just shifting from one pocket to another." He said the American public is going to be upset to find out that premiums costs are higher in 2014, when the ACA goes fully into effect. In 2014, he said, costs may be 30 percent higher than when the law was passed in 2010, because of the underlying trend of health care cost increases, and because the ACA mandates that health plans provide a level of medical care higher than is now required in some states.
Dr. David Shulkin, president of Morristown Medical Center; James Robertson, partner in the health care practice at the law firm McElroy, Deutsch, Mulvaney & Carpenter; and Dr. Robert Brenner, chief medical officer of Summit Medical Group, also participated in the panel.
Donald Burdorf, of EisnerAmper, said the speakers confirmed his perception that the health care system is not as well as organized as it needs to be, especially when it comes to gathering data on patient outcomes and using that data to improve care.
"I'm hoping to see more ACOs" take shape, he said. "It will help control costs when people are more organized and more attention" is being paid to how care is delivered. ACOs, or accountable-care organizations, represent a new approach to health care delivery that seeks to coordinate medical care, engage patients in their own wellness, and improve health and control costs.
Amy Mansue, president and CEO of Children's Specialized Hospital, said doctors don't like being told to change, but the economy cannot sustain spending 20 percent of the nation's gross domestic product on health care. She said providers will either have to strive to deliver care more efficiently, or payers will "just reduce your reimbursement until you figure out how to live within it. The people who say it can't happen will be left out."
Mansue said for-profit hospital operators are now entering the state, which "tells me there is money to be made, and if I can figure it out, I can funnel that money back to my kids."
Contributing: Beth Fitzgerald
<|endofexample|>
"This still looks like a slow and steady recovery, as we're not seeing enough jobs come back to take a big bite out of the unemployment rate," said Kurt W. Rotthoff, assistant professor of economics and finance at the Stillman School of Business at Seton Hall University. "We're moving in the right direction, but not quickly enough."
While Labor said 47,000 fewer jobs were created in October than it originally reported, November's employment number was revised upward, from 146,000 jobs to 161,000 jobs. But the revised two-month employment gain of 298,000 jobs falls below the 330,000 jobs Labor first said were added to the national economy in October and November.
With today's revisions, the pace of hiring in 2012 matched employment growth in 2011, as the economy gained an average of 153,000 jobs per month throughout both years, Labor reported.
Moody's Analytics chief economist Mark Zandi, who co-authors a private-sector employment report with Roseland-based Automatic Data Processing, said that pace won't change in the months ahead, but Rotthoff expects job creation to improve in early 2013, with fiscal uncertainties starting to dissolve and the nation's housing market showing signs of recovery.
"The best news is there wasn't a big fear of the fiscal cliff in the jobs data, and people are starting to step out into areas where they've been cautious for the last few years," Rotthoff said. "Now that businesses have more knowledge on new tax rates for 2013, hopefully we'll see hiring start ticking up."
According to Labor, the private sector added 168,000 jobs in December, while the public sector shed 13,000 jobs, mostly at the local government level. Though employment growth in the goods-producing sector continues to lag the service-providing industry, the construction and manufacturing sectors increased payrolls by a combined 55,000 jobs last month.
Other industry sectors that recorded significant job growth for the month include education and health services, with 65,000 jobs; leisure and hospitality, with 31,000 jobs; and professional and business services, with 19,000 jobs.
<|endofexample|>
Stories Tagged with "yankees" from 2003
2009 - 1 story
2006 - 2 stories
2005 - 2 stories
2003 - 1 story
2006 - 2 stories
2005 - 2 stories
2003 - 1 story
MEDIA ADVISORY
October 17, 2003
“The Yankees have a 72.5% chance to beat the Marlins in the World Series, according to Bruce Bukiet. “ It would be fishy if the Marlins were to win,” Bukiet quips, “since the Yankees are overall a better team, with superior hitting and pitching. The Yankees are favored to win all but one game in the series, and even in that game the teams are statistically even.” >>
<|endofexample|>
Narrow Your Search:
Auto Financing
You can also browse both our Internet store and our showroom when you visit the New Jersey Auto Auction, in order to find great bargain vehicles in NJ. Used cars and trucks from a huge variety of makers are available here.
Come to the New Jersey State Auto Auction for an amazing deal on a previously owned car in NJ. Used cars can be a great bargain. Come by or tell your friends about the great deals that can be found at the New Jersey Auto Auction. Browse the online store beforehand, so that you know what you are looking for when you arrive at the auction.
<|endofexample|>
March 15, 2012 15:15
Drums' Jonathan Pierce and Kills' Alison Mosshart contribute to Mark Ronson's ballet score
Ballet will premiere at London's Royal Opera House next month
Photo Gallery: The Drums
Photo: Takeshi Suga/NME
The Drums' frontman Jonathan Pierce, The Kills' singer Alison Mosshart and Boy George have all contributed to Mark Ronson's ballet score, it was revealed today (March 15)..
'Carbon Life' will be set to a cycle of nine love songs which will be sung by Pierce, Mosshart, Boy George, Hero Fisher and rappers Wale and Black Cobain. Rufus Wainwright has orchestrated the music.?
Lady Gaga - 10 best songs
50 songs that give you goosebumps
Frank Turner covers 'Mr Brightside'
The godlike wisdom of Noel Gallagher
Rock icons reborn as CD mosaics
50 most uplifting songs ever
What's the most electrifying opening line in a song?
Music's 20 greatest cult heroes
10 most depressing songs ever
The Gaslight Anthem, '45'
Oasis' albums ranked, worst to best
100 best songs of the 60s
9 creepy pop lyrics you’d never get away with today
Album sleeves in their original locations
Please login to add your comment.
<|endofexample|>
50 atrocious hip-hop album sleeves
Blink-182 – 10 best songs
Daft Punk Unmasked - 30 Facts You Didn't Know
50 songs that give you goosebumps
Discover the best new bands every day
These One Direction Fans Are Really Angry
7 amazingly unsexy works of slash fiction
What's the best three song streak on an album?
20 greatest indie anthems, as voted by you
What song would you choose for your funeral?
44 controversial moments in rock history
What's the best Foo Fighters album?
The 20 worst pop songs in history
20 best Bowie tracks, as voted by you
Here, have some Thom Yorke GIFs
16 shoddy early demos of classic songs
Please login to add your comment.
<|endofexample|>
'Abbey Road' - 31 photos and tributes
Which album are you most ashamed to have owned?
Song stories - The Smiths, 'Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now'
The Bond themes that could have been
20 greatest indie anthems, as voted by you
Classic song - the story behind Sex Pistols' 'God Save The Queen'
17 new bands you have to hear
20 things you didn't know about 'Sympathy For The Devil'
The Strokes - rank the albums
Infographic - the rise of Lana Del Rey
What's the most perfect moment in a song this year?
150 best tracks of the past 15 years
27 classic songs you didn't know were covers
The stories behind 25 classic Rolling Stones songs
Please login to add your comment.
<|endofexample|>
NME YouTube music videos
Watch the latest NME videos, music videos, video interviews, live music sessions, music news and bands onstage around the globe. Visit NME Video for more exclusive video content
Johnny Marr & Ronnie Wood - How Soon Is Now? - NME Awards - Troxy - Live in London - Feb 27 2013
Backstage With Django Django, Miles Kane, Palma Violets And Peace On The NME Awards Tour 2013
Johnny Marr & Justin Young - I Fought The Law - NME Awards - Troxy - Live in London - Feb 27 2013
<|endofexample|>
Born: 25-May-1971Birthplace: Rye, NY
Gender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteOccupation: Actor
Nationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Kramer vs. Kramer
Nominated in 1980 for the Best Supporting Actor Oscar, for his role as the subject of a child custody dispute in Kramer vs. Kramer (1979). He is the youngest person nominated for any Academy Award. Now works in new media.
University: BA Psychology, Skidmore College (1993)
Veoh Networks Regional Director of Sales
Slamdunk Film Festival Co-Founder (1998)
FILMOGRAPHY AS ACTOR Lost (5-Oct-2004) Finding Home (18-Oct-2003) Chasing Destiny (14-Feb-2001) Andersonville (3-Mar-1996) Sweet Hearts Dance (23-Sep-1988) Sixteen Candles (4-May-1984) · Mike Baker Martin's Day (1984) · Martin Kramer vs. Kramer (19-Dec-1979) · Billy Kramer
Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
<|endofexample|>
Courbet exhibition at Museu Diocesa
June 16, 2010 by admin
Filed under Barcelona experiences, Barcelona, always!
Paintings, drawings, engravings, photographs, documents and personal objects. In all, there are 100 items in “Courbet, between Nature and Culture”, the first major exhibition in Spain dedicated to the father of realism: Gustave Courbet.
Gustave Courbet exhibition in Barcelona
Jean Désiré Gustave Courbet (1819 – 1877) was a French painter who led the Realist movement in 19th-century French painting. Courbet occupies an important place in 19th century French painting as an innovator and as an artist willing to make bold social commentary in his work.
You can visit this exhibition at Museu Diocesa. It offers an all-round view of Courbet’s character, both as an artist and a democratic activist. It also highlights his relationship with Catalonia and Spain, and the influence his ideas had on other artists, like Picasso and Miró.
The exhibition features masterpieces such as “Le Chateau de Chillon” or “Portrait d’homme d’apres Velazquez” and many landscapes of Normandy.
Where: Museu Diocesa
Av. Catedral, 4 (next to the Cathedral)
When: Until September 5th, 2010.
<|endofexample|>
Testimony on the "Radiation Detection" before the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and InvestigationsAssistant Deputy Administrator David Huizenga
Introduction
Thank you Chairman Stupak, Ranking Member Whitfield and other distinguished members of the Subcommittee. Today, I will be discussing the Department of Energy’s (DOE) National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) role in the interagency effort to prevent a nuclear terrorist attack against this country. More specifically, I will focus on the role of my office, the Office of International Material Protection and Cooperation, as a part of this larger, coordinated effort.
Before I start the technical part of my testimony concerning radiation detection monitors, I would like to provide a short background on the overall mission of my office. I believe this will demonstrate the history and expertise that DOE/NNSA brings to bear on the subject of the hearing today. Detection of dangerous radioactive materials is at the heart of our mission and over the last 15 years we have worked with technical experts to successfully deploy more than 1500 radiation portal monitors (RPMs) at over 300 facilities and border crossings within over 25 countries.
Secure at the Source
The first goal of my office is to secure nuclear weapons and weapons-useable nuclear materials by upgrading security at vulnerable nuclear sites in the Russian Federation and other countries of greatest concern to the U.S. national security. By working to secure nuclear materials and weapons at the point of origin, we continue to make important strides toward denying terrorists and states of concern access to nuclear weapons and the essential element of a nuclear weapon: the fissile material. We are working at 125 nuclear sites and have secured hundreds of actual nuclear weapons and enough nuclear material for thousands of additional warheads. We have completed security upgrades at 160 buildings containing weapons useable material, more than 75 percent of the Russian nuclear warhead sites of concern, including 39 Russian Navy nuclear sites, and 15 Russian Strategic Rocket Sites. Work is underway at the balance of sites and is on track to be completed by the end of 2008.
Second Line of Defense
The second goal of my office is to prevent smuggling of nuclear and radiological material at international seaports, airports and land border crossings. The Second Line of Defense program, referred to as SLD, was started in 1998 and is dedicated to this important effort. The SLD program is composed of two equally important offices: the Core Program and the Megaports Initiative. The Core Program focuses on securing border crossings, airports, and feeder seaports in Russia and other former Soviet States, Eastern Europe, Central Asia, and other key countries around the world. Under the Core program, approximately 450 sites have been identified to receive detection equipment. In Russia alone we have already equipped over 100 of these sites. Under our Megaports Initiative, we work closely with the Department of Homeland Security’s (DHS) Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and with the host governments to equip major international seaports with radiation detection equipment to screen cargo containers for nuclear and other radiological materials. We have identified approximately 75 seaports of interest to us for implementation and are currently at various stages of engagement with approximately 40 countries in this regard.
DOE/NNSA’s SLD Program is also playing a key role in implementing the Secure Freight Initiative (SFI), a joint DHS, DOE/NNSA and Department of State effort started last December. This is an unprecedented effort to build upon existing port security measures by enhancing the U.S. government’s ability to scan containers overseas for nuclear and radiological materials using both radiation detection equipment and non-intrusive imaging equipment to assess the risk of inbound containers. Under SFI, DHS is providing non-intrusive imaging systems to host governments while DOE/NNSA is deploying radiation portal monitors, optical character recognition systems, and is developing and installing the communications systems necessary to integrate data from varying systems together to provide a more comprehensive set of information about U.S.-bound containers. Data on all scanned containers is provided to the host government. Data on U.S.-bound containers is segregated and provided to U.S. Customs officials on the ground that also send the information back to the National Targeting Center in Northern Virginia for incorporation into existing risk assessment systems. This effort is currently being implemented at seven foreign ports located in Pakistan, Honduras, the United Kingdom, Oman, Singapore, South Korea, and Hong Kong.
Unfortunately, we have clear evidence that the detection systems are necessary. In 2003, Georgian border guards, using U.S.-provided portal monitoring equipment at the Sadakhlo border crossing with Armenia, detected and seized approximately 173 grams of highly enriched uranium carried by an Armenian national. Also, in late 2005, a Megaports RPM picked up a small neutron signal from a scrap metal container leaving Sri Lanka bound for India. The source of the signal turned out to be an extremely small neutron source, which was found by the Indian authorities.
I hope the above information will be useful to the Subcommittee as I move forward to provide the technical information that you have requested concerning the nuclear detection equipment installed by the SLD program.
SLD Integrated Detection System
To understand how the SLD system works, it is important to understand the interface between the fixed radiation portal monitors, the alarm station, and secondary inspections with hand-held detectors. The centerpiece of every installation completed under the SLD Core and Megaports Programs is the radiation portal monitor or RPM. We deploy RPMs that use plastic scintillators made of polyvinyl toluene (PVT) to detect gamma signatures and helium-3 tubes to detect neutrons. The primary mission of the SLD Program is to detect special nuclear material (SNM), even small quantities of SNM, in particular plutonium and highly-enriched uranium -- materials that can be used to make an improvised nuclear device or that may have already been incorporated into a device. The equipment that we deploy can also detect other radioactive materials suitable for use in radiological dispersal devices, often referred to as “dirty bombs.”
I would like to emphasize that the PVT-based nuclear detection technology deployed by the SLD program is proven technology, capable of operating effectively in varied, and in many instances harsh environmental conditions. This technology was developed to ensure nuclear material security at DOE/NNSA weapons sites and the specific monitors that we deploy have been tested and evaluated by our National Laboratory technical experts for over three decades. Indeed, DOE/NNSA installs this same type of monitor at the foreign weapons laboratories and nuclear facilities to prevent insiders from smuggling SNM out of these facilities. Our extensive experience with these monitors ensures that we can deploy them effectively and ensure their long-term sustainability.
The RPM detects the presence of radiation and feeds alarm information to operators, typically customs agents or border guards, located in a local or central alarm station. The communications system graphs the gamma or neutron signal and helps the operators identify what type of alarm has occurred. At this point, the vehicle or pedestrian is retained and handheld equipment is used as part of a secondary inspection to identify the specific radioisotopes that caused the alarm. The handheld identification equipment that we currently deploy utilizes sodium-iodide or germanium technology and is the standard commercially available technology. Determination of the specific isotopes involved and their specific location is important because a number of common materials such as ceramic tile and kitty litter, in large quantities, may signal an alarm due to their relatively high concentration of radioisotopes. We call these “NORM” alarms, for “naturally occurring radioactive material” alarms.
Experience has shown that effective use of the hand-held equipment is highly dependent on the skill and training of the onsite official as they try to locate the source of the alarm. Expediting proper adjudication of alarms through these secondary inspections is particularly important in high-volume locations like major seaports. It is DOE/NNSA’s judgment that use of Advanced Spectroscopic Portal (ASP) monitors will improve the rate and accuracy of alarm resolution in these high-volume settings.
ASP Testing
As you know, the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (DNDO) at DHS is leading the research and development (R&D) effort on the ASP monitors. DOE/NNSA has been involved in some of the testing activities associated with the ASP program. In order to determine the effectiveness of the ASPs, we are working jointly with DNDO to ensure that the increased ability of these monitors to differentiate threats does not compromise threat detection. In support of this effort, I have asked Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) to work with DNDO and lead a multi-lab effort to collect data on the spectra of well-characterized, unshielded special nuclear material (i.e., threat objects) resident at LANL under carefully-controlled conditions for all of the ASPs. These data will provide supplemental information to help validate injection studies where actual threat signatures will be injected into stream-of-commerce data collected at operational sea ports during the ASP test campaign. This data gathering effort is planned to occur over the next few months. When it is completed, this information will be combined with stream-of-commerce data already collected by DHS to carry out injection studies, an effective and flexible tool to help determine the extent to which the presence of NORM material in cargo may mask the identification of SNM and thus prevent containers of concern from being sent to secondary inspection.
Finally, DOE/NNSA will conduct additional performance evaluation of the ASP at LANL in FY 2008 to determine how best to take advantage of the ASP’s spectral resolution in order to maximize the performance of the ASPs as secondary inspection tools in SLD deployments. Because the allowable times for secondary inspections and installation parameters vary from one site to another, the ASP configuration parameters must be optimized for the variety of operational sites. SLD will perform tests to optimize the installation parameters and ConOps for the range of deployments required.
Use of ASPs
In the near-term, DOE/NNSA is purchasing a limited number of ASPs via contracts awarded by DNDO. Our plan is to deploy ASPs at some of our Megaports locations for use in secondary inspections. Under the planned SLD approach, once a PVT monitor alarms, the container will be sent to the ASP for secondary inspection. The ASP, with a much larger detector surface area, larger libraries, and better algorithms than the handheld detectors, should provide enhanced capability to effectively identify specific isotopes to aid Customs officials in determining whether a container presents an increased nuclear risk. Additionally, since the ASP monitors will be permanently installed and operated with less direct Customs officer involvement (i.e., there will be no need to move the hand-held device across the container) the ASP should provide greater consistency in secondary inspection. We anticipate that secondary inspections will be conducted more quickly, thus reducing the potential impact on port operations. If the ASPs are demonstrated to be reliable under a variety of field conditions, we would hope to deploy them to the remaining Megaports installations for secondary inspections.
In the future, based on the results of additional analysis or testing and once the pool of operational experience has been more fully developed, DOE/NNSA may consider deployment of the ASP in some limited primary locations where extremely high amounts of NORM in the stream of commerce may make this approach necessary and cost effective. Our experience to date has not identified this as a major area of concern. Therefore, our plan is to continue to deploy PVT for primary detection and use ASPs in secondary in large, high-volume seaports.
Summary
In closing, I would like to point out that DOE and DHS are working closely together to improve our nuclear and radiological detection capabilities. We share the common objective of preventing terrorists and states of concern from obtaining and smuggling nuclear materials that can be used in acts of terrorism against our country and our allies. I want to thank the Administration and Congress for their continued support of our program.
Thank you. I would be happy to answer any questions you may have.
<|endofexample|>
Rent To Buy Specials
Take a look at our latest rent to buy specials, and choose the car that’s right for you. If you find something you like, you can contact us if you have any questions, or you can apply for a no finance car right away. No interest, no financing.
<|endofexample|>
10 Best Progressive Albums of 2012
Amazon (2)
This is a list of the ten best progressive rock and/or progressive metal albums of 2012 to my prog-hungry ears. I mean, real prog, and by real prog I mean rock/metal that has a restless drive to explore new things and not regurgitate what came before. I'm not interested in clones. Then again, "everything plus the kitchen sink" avant-garde rock/metal can be just as unlistenable as the latest Unitopia album or whatever. Try these albums on for size if you haven't already!
Yellow & Green, Baroness (Relapse)
I wasn't tuned into this band for their first couple albums. I thought they were just your average sludge band. They're weren't then, and they certainly have nothing to do with the s-word now. I stand corrected and reprimanded. Yellow & Green is an album of uncommon maturity, written and performed by a band that has found just the right chemistry to pull off an album of this magnitude. Sophisticated modern rock, masterfully written, packed full of amazing and interesting tunes with just enough twists, turns and compositional ingenuity to appeal to a wide range of listeners. Suddenly they're a band to utter in the same breath as Dredg, Coheed and Cambira and Jupiter-era Cave In, Who knew? We're all very grateful they survived that horrible bus crash. Yikes.
Key songs: "Take My Bones Away," "Cocainium," "Foolsong"/"Collapse" -- those last two have to be put together, they feel like twins.
Weather Systems, Anathema (The End)
Despite a lull that happens from song 2 to 5, this is still a super-solid offering from Liverpool's second greatest-ever band (in my world they're at least as good as the Beatles). The best stuff here is what Anathema does best: raw, naked, painfully open emotional music, exploding with color and overridden with hope. There's no other way to describe the music; it can wilt even the most hardened heart. One thing's proven by nine-and-a-half-minute centerpiece "The Storm Before the Calm": drummer John Douglas really needs to write more songs for this band. His contributions are always high points. If you worship Pink Floyd and Porcupine Tree and don't know Anathema: go here. Now.
Key songs: "Untouchable, Part 1," "The Storm Before the Calm," "The Beginning and the End."
Noctourniquet, The Mars Volta (Warner Bros.)
The jarring, unsettling, fractured opener "The Whip Hand" sets the stage: it's The Mars Volta saying "We've never taken the easy road, and this one's going to be one of our most difficult." Noctourniquet found the band coming off an unusually long break (three years...an eternity for their prolific selves), refreshed and reoriented. Meshing mountain-size, difficult songs and more tranquil, atmospheric epics, and sometimes fusing those approaches into one, there are infinite details to study and enjoy here...just as with every other MV album, yet this one's a bit more crooked and deliberately distant than the others. Until you start figuring it out, and that's when the real rewards come.
Key songs: "Empty Vessels Make the Loudest Sound," "In Absentia," "Zed and Two Naughts"
RIITIIR, Enslaved (Nuclear Blast)
Another year, another Enslaved album. And while we'd be tired of most bands that crank it out like this, Enslaved, like fellow Scandinavians Opeth, keep the quality consistently high. And the quality of RIITIIR is even higher than previous albums, and probably their strongest since 2004's Isa. Sophisticated "extreme" metal, even when they go off into non-metal territory on the mightily cosmic "Forsaken," half of its 11 minutes finding the Norwegians time-travelling to psychedelic Krautrock lands of old.
Key songs: "Death in the Eyes of Dawn," "Storm of Memories," "Forsaken"
Les Voyages De L'ame, Alcest (Prophecy Productions)
As adulterated and mellow as metal can get while still being metal, this French duo's third full-length doesn't reshape the wheel of their previous designs, but it does offer their strongest and most consistently alluring batch of songs yet. Layer upon dreamy layer of Neige's tranquil guitars and wistful vocals; Winterhalter's focused and nimble drum work; every now and then a harrowing scream from the distance and thunderous metalstorms reminding of this band's black metal roots.
Key songs: "Autre Temps," "Beings of Light," "Summer's Glory"
The Void, Beardfish (Inside Out)
Once a retro-prog band (and a very good one!), these prolific Swedish youngsters are already on their seventh album, and The Void reveals a more metallic, modern and urgent Beardfish than before. Every track is key, unlike past albums where standouts stood tall amongst less memorable compositions. The presence of multi-instrumentalist, vocalist and songwriter Rikard Sjöblom dominates, but the other members of the band, same as they've always been, have plenty of room to shine. Magnificent stuff.
Key songs: "Voluntary Slavery," "This Matter of Mine," "Seventeen Again"
The Parallax II: Future Sequence, Between the Buried and Me (Metal Blade)
On the absolute cutting edge of all the things modern progressive metal can be, this North Carolina band don't so much uncover virgin soil as make previously travelled roads more navigable with Future Sequence (part one was last year's Hypersleep Dialogues EP). Long songs that don't feel long, hybridizing a variety of different styles, metal and otherwise -- this is ambitious stuff that can be exhausting to absorb all at once (especially with albums this long) but you'll get your money's worth. Speaking of getting your money's worth, buy the physical version! Best packaging of 2012, along with Coheed and Cambria's beautiful The Afterman: Ascension, another fine modern prog/metal piece of work, visually and musically.
Key songs: "Lay Your Ghosts to Rest," "Bloom," "Melting City"
Eremita, Ihsahn (Candlelight)
The onetime Emperor leader delves further into the places traveled on predecessor After, making it all darker, weirder, and maybe better. Exquisite extreme metal sophistication, ranging from impossibly dark to surprisingly delicate. The multi-talented man is aided this time by Devin Townsend, Jeff Loomis (ex-Nevermore), Shining saxophonist Jørgen Munkeby, and members of Leprous (who have an album coming out in 2013 that will very likely make this list next year). Ihsahn's sweeping orchestral style has never been more focused, and it's all very digestible despite the complexities.
Key songs: "Arrival," "The Eagle and the Snake," "Something Out There"
El Doom and the Born Electric, El Doom and the Born Electric
Newcomer of the year, this Norwegian band merge bong-huffing vibes, the smell of old Uriah Heep vinyl, alt-rock stylings (back when it was truly "alternative"), prog rock grandiosity, swirling analog keys, thunderous drums and a charismatic vocalist for a sound that's fresh, even if built of familiar ingredients. Until Witchcraft came along and tied up spots 1 through 5 for song of the year, "Fire Don't Know" was in the running for number one. Some of the arrangements feel a bit haphazard, making you wonder what godliness this band would produce if Rick Rubin stepped in to tighten things up a bit. I'd offer any amount of money I could muster to make that happen. Or maybe they'll make that leap themselves for album #2.
Key songs: "Fire Don't Know," "It's Electric" (not a Diamond Head cover), "The Hook"
Fire Make Thunder, OSI (Metal Blade)
While not their best album (that's a tie between Blood and Free), Fire Make Thunder is sort of like the Alcest album, in that it doesn't do anything new yet totally satisfies all the same. And they can get away with that, because there is no other sound quite like OSI. Between Kevin Moore's expert keys/samples/effects wizardry and Jim Matheos's expanding mastery of stealthy guitar layering, you've got two prog metal veterans forming a braintrust that's much more than a side project by now (this is the band's fourth album). Moore delivers some interesting lyrics with his signature understated vocals, and final track "Invisible Men" is possibly the definitive OSI track, gathering everything that's great about this band into one 10 minute package.
Key songs: "Cold Call," "Indian Curse," "Invisible Men"
And yes, I love Rush. Clockwork Angels was very good, but was it really the second coming or "best since Moving Pictures" so many people have hailed it? The disappointment of 2012 goes to Van Der Graaf Generator's unlistenable Alt, a band who previously did very little wrong in their decades-long career. Sure to make this list next year: Voivod's Target Earth and that Leprous album.
Jeff Wagner is the former editor of the influential Metal Maniacs magazine and the author of Mean Deviation: Four Decades of Progressive Heavy Metal, an exhaustive history on the sound and its various subgenres.
Around The Web:
The best progressive rock albums from 2012 (so far...) - Rate Your ...
Progressive rock/metal albums to anticipate in 2012 - National ...
Top Prog Rock Music Albums List
Prog Metal Zone - Your source for progressive metal bands, albums ...
Best Prog album of 2012 so far? - Music Banter
Top 10 Prog-Rock Albums Of All Time | News @ Ultimate-Guitar.Com
1 Comment
<|endofexample|>
If the purpose of an editorial cartoonist is to create a discussion, Steve Kelley is doing his job. His pointed and frequent attacks on the president, the government, taxes, etc., give the impression that he backs the currently popular Republican ideology of lower taxes and smaller government.
He takes an illogical position for someone in New Orleans because this city would not exist post Katrina without federal funding. How can he so against taxes and government spending when this city has benefited so much from federal largess?
Federal funding paid for the troops to patrol and protect our property while we were evacuated. Federal spending has rebuilt our levees, schools, hospitals, roads and much more. FEMA has agreed to resume paying to demolish abandoned and blighted houses, and St. Bernard Parish is negotiating with FEMA to forgive its loans. Virtually every corner of our city has been funded, at least partially, by the federal government.
We can argue that we deserve it because of the failure of the federally financed levees, but many in this country would consider all the money that has flowed our way "wasteful government spending."
The federal funds that are rebuilding New Orleans came from the American taxpayer. If the people like Kelley are successful in their quest to eliminate taxes and starve the government, heaven help the survivors of the next disaster because our government will be too poor and too weak to help them.
Jeff Anderson
New Orleans
<|endofexample|>
Nolan Catholic considers qualified students of all faiths and denominations without any regard to race, ethnicity or national origin.
PROFILE OF A NOLAN CATHOLIC STUDENT:
ACADEMICS
Ability to be successful - Admissions Committee reviews the application, admissions test, report cards, standardized test scores and teacher recommendations in regards to academic ratings, effort and potential
WORK ETHIC AND CONDUCT
History of motivation and effort - Admissions Committee reviews conduct and effort portions of the report cards and teacher evaluations
RESPECT
Treats others with kindness - Admissions Committee carefully reviews conduct from report cards, teacher evaluations and perceptions from the family interview
PARENTAL GUIDELINES
Parental cooperation with student expectations - Parents must share behavior expectations required by Nolan Catholic
Transfer Policy
International Student Admission
International students are considered only as incoming freshman or sophomores at the beginning of the school year.
Students may apply with the online application which includes a $75.
All international students must be proficient in English - reading, writing, and comprehension. Nolan Catholic does not offer ESL classes. We require international students to take the TOFEL Jr. or SLEP exam. All students must live with a relative or with a host family already established. Nolan Catholic does not provide host families.
If accepted to Nolan Catholic, the student may apply for the I-20 Visa. Nolan Catholic does not issue visas. The paperwork is handled through the Catholic Center, the offices for the Diocese of Fort Worth. The fee is $200.
Tuition for the 2013-2014 school year is $13,170, due on the first day of school. In addition, there is a $500 nonrefundable, registration fee which is due within 10 days of acceptance.
All new students must have current immunization records and a physical prior to the first day of school.
<|endofexample|>
The world’s first cordless pressure washer has just got even better!
And now the wait is finally over!!
The Nomad 18 V cordless portable pressure washer can be purchased with a high quality Li-ion (Lithium ion) battery, with all the advantages that brings with it, the main ones being it runs the washer for longer and also at a constant/maximum pressure without the rolling off in pressure that the NiCad battery exhibited as it was running down.
The Li-ion battery also has a built in fuel gauge – just press the button on the side of it to see the level of charge via a traffic light style system of; green (fully charged), amber (partly discharged) and red (very low/flat). Li-ion batteries do not suffer from “memory” problems unlike NiCads when batteries are not fully discharged before recharging, plus Li-ions also have a much slower self discharge time – i.e. they stay charged for longer before they need topping up – many weeks/months.
Another improvement to the product is that the mains charger is now different and charges not only the new Li-ion Battery but also the NiCad battery – hence the name Dual Chemistry Charger. Each time a battery is placed in the charger it is tested prior to charging and any faults highlighted to the user. Please note that whilst NiCad batteries can be charged in the Dual Chemistry Charger a Li-ion battery CANNOT be charged in NiCad charger.
Note. Existing Nomad 18 V NiCad owners can purchase an upgrade kit that includes a Li-ion battery (N105) and dual chemistry charger (N117). The upgrade kit has the part number NN105N117 and can be found by following this link.
Other changes to the New Nomad 18 V are:
- The new spray gun has an improved latching mechanism
- The hose also has the same latching improvements to the end that connects to the washer
- The washer outlet washer has been replaced by a new semi-internal o-ring
- The power cord with car adapter is no longer shipped with the washer as the internal connector has now been removed.
Available in either Orange or Green colour ways. Click this link to buy.
“it’s not cheap, but this is as good as truly portable washers get”
What Mountain Bike Magazine March 2012 (issue 145) Click this link to see the review.
<|endofexample|>
April 25, 2012; Source: Washington Monthly (blog)
Did anyone notice that America’s combined student loan debt hit $1 trillion? Look at the burden young people coming out of undergraduate and graduate school have to carry. It is a little unfathomable.
The Occupy Wall Street movement noticed and organized “1TDay” protests in Manhattan and 20 other cities—mostly big college towns such as Ann Arbor, Mich., Amherst, Mass., Santa Cruz, Calif., and Madison, Wisc. OWS, or for this purpose, the Occupy Student Debt Campaign, has four explicit demands it is pressing for, including free education at public colleges and universities, zero fees and interest on student loans, financial transparency at private and for-profit educational institutions, and a one-time “jubilee” student debt forgiveness. 1TDay apparently supports Rep. Hansen Clarke’s (D-Mich.) Student Loan Forgiveness Act of 2012, which the Washington Monthly says will “forgive the loan debt of those who have paid 10 percent of their discretionary income toward their loans for 10 years.”
One additional location for the 1TDay protests will be Newark, Del., where Sallie Mae is headquartered. Sallie Mae is no longer originating student loans, but is still making solid profits from collecting and serving student debt. President Obama’s plan to ensure that interest rates on student debt don’t rise above three or four percent has gotten the backing of his putative Republican rival, Mitt Romney, but the administration and Congress seem unlikely to endorse Clarke’s bill or the 1TDay Occupy demands.
Student debt burdens may be seen as a challenge to the economy (when employment challenges are making it hard for graduates to pay their loans) and a drag on the housing market (due to levels of carried debt making it difficult for families to qualify for mortgages or pay off their existing mortgages). Is student debt important to the nonprofit sector? You bet. Recall the platform of the Nonprofit Sector Workforce Coalition, whose Project on Student Debt pointed out that “rising debt burdens make it increasingly difficult for college graduates to work in the schools, youth programs, senior centers, and other charitable organizations, which serve our communities and families.” Student debt is a nonprofit human resource pipeline issue. Graduates will be hard-pressed to consider nonprofit sector jobs when they have to deal with loan repayments and the other costs of living in a continuing, recessionary economy.—Rick Cohen
<|endofexample|>
Request Information
Product Information
Consultation
Our goal is to develop long-term relationships with our customers and help them increase their profitability by improving product quality, increasing productivity and decreasing waste.
Our commitment is to listen to our customers, understand their needs, become familiar with their products and manufacturing process and provide innovative solutions, quality products and customer service that meets or exceeds the customer's expectations.
With over 15 years of experience in the web converting industry, we look forward to helping you meet today's manufacturing challenges by providing quality solutions, products and service.
<|endofexample|>
"Singapore to the Maldives"
Around The World On A Nordhavn 40
By Staff Writer
May 2002 Yachts International
After a brief stay at Kosrae, the boat left for Singapore
where she was joined by PAE Vice President Jim Leishman, employee
Brian Sanders, sailor Paul Grover and journalist Kim Lee. This account
is adapted from Leishman's journal,
On January 28th at 9:00 a.m. we threw off our lines and were on
our way, leaving behind us Singapore and the luxury of Raffles Marina,
which must surely be one of the finest marine facilities on earth.
Ahead of us lay a 600-mile stretch via the Malacca Straits to the
island of Phuket. Most people we met in Singapore reassured us that
the pirates in the Straits rarely molest yachts-but we still were
concerned. Rarely is a flexible word.
Our first ten miles were, to say the least, interesting, because
the tiny Republic of Singapore is constantly reclaiming land, so
coastal charts in the area are often obsolete before the ink dries.
Navigation in the shallows can be tricky after dark, but we found
favorable currents and breezes and made excellent time. Temperatures
were well into the 905 during the day and high 8os at night, and
below decks in the two staterooms the air-conditioning ran continuously.
For two days the current pushed us onwards at an average speed well
in excess of eight knots, while the evening aroma of cooking fires
from the Malaysian coast wafted in through our open doors and windows.
For a night we dropped anchor on the island of Langkawi to barbecue
steaks and enjoy the scenery. Brian, who had spent some time in
the region, told the rest of us that gibbon apes are frequently
seen on the beaches in the area, but we weren't fortunate enough
to see these lively performers during our stay, and at dawn the
next morning we raised the hook and headed north.
On the last day of January we made an overnight stop at a James
Bond movie location, Phi Phi, an eerily beautiful island with vertical
cliffs covered in a thick canopy of dense jungle rising hundreds
of feet from the sea.
Awakened in the morning by the un-muffled engine of a local fishing
boat-there are apparently no regulations governing work boats in
Thailand-we began our five-hour run to Boat Lagoon in Phuket and
our destination, a marina complete with bars, shops and restaurants
in the middle of a thick mangrove swamp. The three mile journey
through the narrow access channel can be stressful if it's your
first time, but just when you're certain you're lost in the jungle
you see the superstructure of visiting motor yachts tied up at a
modern marina with a full-service shipyard.
There we visited with the crews of the 62' Nordhavn Feeling,
which was captained by Singaporean David Loh. Feeling would
accompany us on our upcoming leg to the Maldives.
On February 4, after sightseeing, refueling and provisioning we
left the comforts of Boat Lagoon and began an uneventful 1,600-mile
voyage to the Maldives, arriving a week later at the island of Male,
where we anchored for the night and then headed north for the short
hop to the island of Bondos. To our pleasant surprise we found that
back in Male, Mohamed Shareef, executive secretary of the Bondos
Island Resort, had joined our friends aboard Feeling. Mr.
Shareef welcomed us personally to his luxury resort in Bondos, a
veritable paradise where we could again relax and enjoy marina comforts.
These leisurely interludes, coupled with the relief of making a
safe passage through the Malacca Straits, naturally led us to wonder
what lay ahead. Soon we would be on our way into the world's most
troubled waters, passing lands on the African and Arabian mainlands
whose people made no secret of their hostility to the West in general
and to the United States in particular. It would be an understatement
to say that the four of us, at sea on a Sailing in 40' boat, felt
a certain amount of foreboding, company
We had no way of knowing how unfounded our concerns with Feeling,
were and of the pleasant surprises that lay ahead.
<|endofexample|>
Graduate Experiential Learning Awards
The Outstanding Graduate Student Awards for significant accomplishments in experiential learning are presented annually by the Graduate Student Government (GSG) and the Office of the Provost.
Award Recipient
Alyssa Bonnette, doctorate of audiology candidate
Alyssa’s passion for the field of audiology shows in her four years of work in a clinical setting. She has gone above and beyond classroom learning to embrace teaching, mentorship, and curriculum development. Collaborating with the head of the Diagnostic Audiology Program at Boston Children’s Hospital, Alyssa created a curriculum for a hands-on, pediatric hearing-diagnosis course in Northeastern’s Doctorate of Audiology program.
<|endofexample|>
When someone is victimized, do you see yourself in them in some manner? It could be why you feel compassion toward them.
Psychology professor David DeSteno spoke about the science of compassion to a packed crowd at PopTech 2012 in Camden, Maine on October 19.
“It is not the severity or the objective facts of a disaster that motivate us to feel compassion and to help,” he said. “It is whether or not we see ourselves in the victims.”
DeSteno directs the Social Emotions Lab at Northeastern University.
<|endofexample|>
New chapter for library doors
A thorough restoration means the huge oak doors at the front of the Old Library in Whangarei are no longer a hanging offence.
Weighing about 80kg each, the impressive doors will be rehung today after a month of work by Simon Parker, from Kamo cabinetmakers Smith and Parker.
The renovation has long been planned but was just one more task that had jostled for priority on a list of expensive upgrades the Old Library management board has had to work through.
Putting right the ravages of decades does not come cheaply, and the specialist job on the front doors was estimated to cost $9000, the building's manager Andrea Hemmins said.
New Zealand Historic Places Trust has pledged a contribution of $2500 and Whangarei District Council, which owns the building and leases it to the Old Library Arts Centre Trust, will also help, Ms Hemmins said.
Events, including a concert next month, will now be staged to raise money to restore the doors at the east end of the building.
Ms Hemmins said it was hoped some of that cost or the work itself would be contributed through the Old Library's "friends" support network.
Work on the front doors included stripping and sanding the oak panels and replacing one panel, and making replica mouldings to replace those that were beyond repair.
The doors have been coated in a marine varnish.
Mr Parker said that although it included making some detailed moulding and other decorative pieces, the work was fairly routine. What set it apart from other restorations he had carried out was the size of the doors.
The front entrance had been blocked off, with everyone using the side doors during the past month.
The Old Library had its 75th anniversary on Remembrance Day, also known as Armistice Day, 11.11.2011. Whangarei District Council handed the former library over to the community to run as an arts and performance centre in 2009.
Major work on the building in recent years includes removing a mezzanine floor and installing new toilets.
<|endofexample|>
Travel: A goldmine of sunshine in Coromandel
The mighty Coromandel Peninsula offers holiday-making in excelsis. Blessed with bucket-loads of sunshine - lighting up its sapphire waters and warming its long stretches of beaches - its glint of gold powered its first population surge in the late 19th century.
Before succumbing to the shoreline pleasures, dip into the region's pioneering past, steeped in gold and logging, by starting your exploration in the main settlement of Thames.
Most of the period buildings can be found in Grahamstown, although the bustling heart of Thames, Pollen St, still exudes vestiges of its past.
The Thames Historical Museum is a cutie, and the Thames School of Mines and Mineralogical Museum features a collection of minerals encased in Edwardian glass.
Located on the legendary Golden Crown mine site, check out the working five-head stamper battery and the underground mine with the Goldmine Experience. Run by volunteers, this attraction was developed by former miners eager to preserve the region's gold-mining heritage.
Then take a short drive to the Kauaeranga Valley, a pretty river valley criss-crossed with walking trails, from where kauri were once felled.
If you have the stamina for an all-day or overnight tramp, the saw-tooth peaks of the Pinnacles are a major draw.
Heading north from Thames, in the summer months the narrow coastal road hugging the Hauraki Gulf is ablaze with the crimson of pohutakawas.
Coromandel Town boasts a collection of period buildings, many of which are lookalikes. Arts, crafts and cafes abound in this story-book village. Have a pint in the restored Star & Garter Hotel Saloon Bar, and immerse yourself in the history festooning its walls.
Just outside the township is Barry Brickell's Driving Creek Railway & Potteries. The ingenious potter devoted 32 years of back-breaking work to building his narrow-gauge railway track, complete with viaducts, tunnels and switchbacks.
Built primarily to supply clay for the pottery and pinewood for the kiln, this magical railway hauls you up to Barry's Eyeful Tower (designed to mimic the Bean Rock Lighthouse on the Waitemata Harbour) and its viewing deck.
Clattering on the train through rugged bush, you can see the 25,000 plantings of the native tree re-forestation programme. Slowly but surely, kauri trees are rising again.
If you're heading east to the ocean-side delights of the Coromandel, take the 42km-long 309 Rd from Coromandel Town to Whitianga.
There's the quirky recycling-themed Waterworks leisure park, the scenery of the Coromandel Ranges, Waiau Falls and its swimming hole, and best of all the Kauri Grove with its 13 towering specimens.
Fresh from its New Year holiday stampede, Mercury Bay is a red-carpet destination for water sports such as boating, kayaking, diving or simply lazing on the broad sweep of Buffalo Beach.
Catch a ferry across the harbour to walk in the footsteps of Captain Cook, who landed here in 1769. There are some enchanting walks taking in Whitianga Rock, Shakespeare's Lookout and Lonely Bay.
Afterwards, plop down at the Salt Restaurant and Bar. The seafood could not be fresher and the open-air dining overlooking Whitianga Marina is blissful.
Whitianga also boasts an extravagant geothermal pool retreat, the Lost Spring. Landscaped with a heady mix of native and tropical foliage, I lazed in the sculpted rock pools, hop-scotching from one to the next, before ordering a pool-side cocktail. Now that's what holidays are all about.
Top tipsMarina Park Luxury Apartments occupies a prime spot on the Whitianga Marina. The spacious apartments range from one to three bedrooms, and are equipped with balconies, kitchen and laundry facilities, plus a spa, pool and on-site gym. Check out the best rates at.
Go Rentals operates a large fleet of vehicles across New Zealand, with handy airport and city locations. Grab a rental from Auckland Airport and be in the Coromandel within two hours. See or call 0800 467 368.
<|endofexample|>
Megan Isbester
ST MARY’S Gunnedah sporting star Megan Isbester has been recognised as the most outstanding Catholic Secondary School Female athlete for 2012.
Isbester was awarded the prestigious Vince Villa Award as the Female Sportsperson of the Year at the New South Wales Combined Catholic Colleges Sports Association Blue Award Presentation held in Sydney earlier this week.
She was one of three Armidale Diocese athletes acknowledged for their sporting achievements, with schoolmate Jackson Ludlow and McCarthy’s Brittany Coe receiving NSWCCC Blues.
Isbester also picked up a Blue (Bar) for cross-country. The Bars are awarded to students who have previously won a Blue in the same sport.
She earned her Blue in 2011.
Last year Isbester won gold in the 16yrs at the NSWCCC Championships, was second at the NSW All Schools and finished sixth at the School Sport Australia Cross Country Championships in Adelaide, where she was also part of the winning NSW relay team.
That wasn’t the only sport she excelled in though.
She won medals at the NSW All Schools Championships in three different sports – cross-country, triathlon and athletics – and also represented NSW at the All Schools triathlon nationals. She is the current NSWCCC cross-country, triathlon and athletics (1500m and 800m) champion.
Her service to school sport and the way she is a role model for other students were also factors in her winning the Vince Villa Award.
Ludlow also medalled at state level in triathlon and earned his Blue for that.
He won the intermediate boys’ section at the NSWCCC triathlon before picking up the silver at the NSW All Schools and going on to the nationals at Busselton in Western Australia where he finished a creditable 13th.
It was his fourth time competing at the nationals.
Coe was awarded her Blue for touch.
She’s been selected in the NSWCCC team for the last five years, and played for the NSW All Schools U15s team in 2011 and 2010.
Last year she was a member of the NSWCCC Open Girls team that played at the Australian Championships at Port Macquarie.
Coe would love to make that team again this year.
It would be a great way to finish off her school touch career.
The process for that starts in about a month with the Diocesan trials. The state trials will then be held in term 2.
Coe will be looking to make the state team every year she’s been at high school.
She said it was a “nice surprise” when she got the letter saying she was a Blues recipient.
Only two athletes from each sport are nominated for the award.
“It’s a huge honour,” Coe said.
The other recipient played with her in the NSW team last year.
Coe is hoping the CCC side isn’t the only state team she makes this year.
“I wouldn’t mind trying to make the NSW U18s squad,” she said.
“But I’ll need to have good carnivals over the year.”
The first of those will be next weekend. She’ll be part of the Tamworth U18s side contesting the Junior State Cup at Port Macquarie.
“We should go well,” she said.
“Hopefully we can make the semis.”
“The semis are unpredictable – anyone can win.”
Coe will also be going away with the Northern Eagles opens side next month.
<|endofexample|>
Are you looking to sell your Buffalo Grove real estate? If the answer is yes, the hardest question you may need to face is “what is my home worth?”. As the homes owner you have years of memories, hard work, and probably a lot of money that you have put into your home. All of these things make you think that your Buffalo Grove Home is the best home in the subdivision, maybe even the whole town. The hardest part of an agents job is going into a home and having to tell the owner that it is worth less than the figure the owner has worked in their mind. Trust me, as a Realtor® in the Buffalo Grove real estate market I want to sell your home for the most amount of money possible, but if that means overpricing your home, it is never going to sell. Below is a list of things to consider before figuring out what your home is Market Value Of Your Home Is …
What A Buyer Is Willing To Pay Based On:
- Today’s market
- Today’s competition
- Today’s financing
- Today’s economic condition
- The buyer’s perception of the home’s condition
- Location
- Normal marketing time
- Showing accessibility
Properties That Sell in Today’s Market (On a Scale of 1-10)
The 10’s are the Ones That Are Selling
How Can Your Property Be A “10”?:
- By improving the condition dramatically
- By offering good terms
- By improving the way the home shows “staging”
- By adjusting the price
As A Seller You Control:
- The price you ask
- The condition of the property
- Access to the property
As A Seller You Do Not Control:
- Market condition
- The motivation of your competition
- Value
If you are ready to sell your Buffalo Grove home contact The Sharron Kelley Team today! We can help you understand exactly what all this means and help you price your home correctly. By doing this you will see shorter market time and net a higher amount than if you over price. We send you monthly market updates not only for Buffalo Grove, but also for your neighborhood. These market updates help you understands exactly what is going on in the area and will help inform you to make the best pricing decision possible.
<|endofexample|>
Prince William News
Almost all NOVEC customers have electricity
As of 5 p.m. on Thursday, March 7, NOVEC crews were working to restore power to nine customers in Fairfax, Loudoun, Prince William, and Stafford counties.
Almost all NOVEC customers have electricity
© Gainesville TimesThe March 6, 2013, snowstorm caused 8,165 Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative customers to lose electricity when snow-ladened trees and branches fell on power lines and broke utility poles. NOVEC and contract crews have worked non-stop to get the power back on for these customers since the first outage report came in at 2 a.m. on Wednesday. As of 5 p.m. on Thursday, March 7, NOVEC crews were working to restore power to nine customers in Fairfax, Loudoun, Prince William, and Stafford counties.
“We’re giving it a final push to get everyone back online tonight,” says Larry Shaffer, vice president, System Operations. “Our crews have been amazing: they’ve traveled over icy roads, cut trees off power lines, restrung fallen lines, replaced nine broken poles, and got the lights back on for more than 8,000 customers in just a day and a half. Our guys’ determination, along with their stamina, has made the difference.”
Mike Curtis, vice president, Public Relations, says, “We appreciate our Co-op members’ patience. We understand that no one wants to be without electricity, especially on cold winter days and nights. Our employees thank everyone for their kind words and encouragement.”
To follow NOVEC’s progress, go to its outage map at. For general information about power outages, go to.
<|endofexample|>
Interview
Top 3 favourite!
Favourite gear set up?
I really enjoy riding the smallest kites possible with bigger waveboards in order to ensure a ‘surfey feeling’ and love light wind as the wave is much smoother. I’m totally into big waves, there’s nothing comparable with a sick big wave-session!
Board: North Kontact 6’1, I l o v e the 2012 Kontact, I can ride it in any size wave and have always maximum control, even at high speed. When the wind gets over 25-30 knots, I’m swapping the 6’2 for the 6’0 Kontact. The performance of the Kontact is truly insane: it’s snappy when I want it 2 be snappy, though still also extremely stable through chop. Me personally I ride my waveboards most of the time with straps, that’s a personal preference, though, I really also enjoy taking the straps off from time 2 time. Last but not least: I a d o r e the bamboo-look !!
Kites: Rebel and Fuse: My preferred size is 5m2 in both Rebel and Fuse with 25m lines. I really enjoy both models as they perfectly match my Kontact 6’2 from about 15 knots upwards. The huge wind range and direct, super reactive steering especially are the performance-features that I couldn’t be without. The Rebel as well as the Fuse is simply perfect in ALL conditions and both are therefore my preferred ultimate freeride-machines! Ripping over sliders, boosting big airs, throwing unhooked tricks and smacking lips, my Rebels and Fuses would never disappoint me!
Favourite music Top 5? Champaign?trip? did you ever want !!
<|endofexample|>
Drawing is a fundamental skill for artists in any medium, a wonderfully direct means of expression and the driving inspiration behind this provoking collection. Strokes of Genius 3 celebrates drawing as an art form in its own right, featuring work from 95 of today's brightest artists.
Retail: $35.00
Your price: $22.99
You save: $12.01 (34%)
Take your oil painting to the next level. In Radiant Oils, Arleta Pech takes you step-by-step through oil painting demonstrations showing you tips & tricks that give your paintings a transparent quality.
Retail: $29.99
Your price: $19.79
You save: $10.20 (34%)
More Oil Painting Art Instruction
Avoid problems, create better paintings and take leaps forward in your art. Learn how from Zoltan Szabo, one of the most revered watercolor teachers in America.
Retail: $24.99
Your price: $14.99
You save: $10.00 (40%)
More Watercolor Art Instruction
<|endofexample|>
Javascript Menu by Deluxe-Menu.com
JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Item Code: 5MH-F276136
Be the first to review this product
Availability: In Stock, Only 4 left, Ships in 1 to 2 business days.
List Price:
$15.80
Your Price:
$14.36
You Save :
$1.44 (9.11%)
« Back to Main Product Info
<|endofexample|>
Road Closings, Saturday, May 18
Please be advised when visiting the North Museum Saturday, May 18th: Heavy traffic and road closings around the Museum are expected between the hours of 9 am to noon due to community events. Street parking will be limited. For a full list of road closings and event schedules READ MORE.
The North Museum is also accessible by public transit on Lancaster's RRTA route 1.!
<|endofexample|>
- 
- 463 woes: Lack of funds roadblocks the widening fo Highway 463 | 05/16/2013 - 10:54am
- Medical Hotspot: Northsiders working to make Jackson top destination for medical tourism | 05/16/2013 - 10:50am
- Parham Bridges improvements continue to gain support | 05/16/2013 - 10:46am
- Millions needed to cover road projects | 05/16/2013 - 10:43am
- Vince Gordon on Urban Young Life | 05/16/2013 - 10:38am
- Unifier vs. divider: Jackson election offers clear choice | 05/16/2013 - 10:34am
- Lumumba still embracing radical agenda | 05/16/2013 - 10:31am
- "Coming Home" will ring true for many of us | 05/16/2013 - 10:28am
- We won't ever tire of talking about weather | 05/16/2013 - 10:25am
- Madison supervisors budget increase option open for 2014 | 05/16/2013 - 10:22am
- FRF and LeFleur East join forces to beautify N'side Drive intersection | 05/16/2013 - 10:18am
- The Magnolia State enjoys success in college baseball | 05/16/2013 - 10:12am
<|endofexample|>
404 Error
Our website has recently changed, please use the sitemap to locate the page you were looking for and update any bookmarks you may have. If you are having trouble locating a page please contact us.
Current Students, check out my.northwood.edu to access your email, course information, registration information, and more!
Thank you,
Northwood University
Web Services Team
989.837.5243
<|endofexample|>
Random Kiddo update - Avery ate an entire container of Baby Food Squash today - the first time she's ever eaten that much by A LOT. She's now tried Rice Cereal, Green Beans, pears and squash...and apparently, her favorite is squash. Go figure.
Terzah at BQby40 tagged me in the 11 Random Things post that's going around the blog world. Am I strange that I'm wondering which individual decided on 11? And why 11 this time around? I'm also going to be a brat and only tag a few people, since a lot of those I would have tagged have already been tagged and have already posted their 11 things....even though I'm breaking them, I'll post the rules anyway.. I once played on three different soccer teams in one season...and continued playing in a game after breaking my toe when a girl stomped on it because I took the ball away from her.
2. I'm a nerd...and not just in the good grades sense. I once took part in a practical joke that require me to attend school in crutches for a week. I'm much older and more mature now, honest.
3. I will randomly go on organizing sprees. When I get in the mood, no room or closet is safe. But, I have to be in the mood.
4. I play the trombone, but I haven't done so since Avery was born because it's loud. I'd recently spent a small fortune for a nice trombone. I used the fact that I played a semester in the OSU band when I went back to school as an excuse to do so.
5. I love butterflies. I was once known as the "butterfly lady" when I did presentations and butterfly releases at the Franklin Park Conservatory. I stopped volunteering there because of the way they treated a friend
6. I puffy pink heart Costco. Perhaps because, I hate shopping. I mean HATE shopping. So, shopping at Costco means fewer shopping trips in theory, right?
7. I hate painting. We painted our entire house when we first bought it, even the trim. My right pinkie still doesn't work properly. I. Will. Never. Paint. Another. Room. Luckily, hubby painted Avery's room. HA!
8. I have texture issues when it comes to food. For example, I LOVE hamburgers. I uber-craved them when I was pregnant. But, soggy buns make me gag. So, no cheese on home grilled burgers, because I have to be able to "de-grease" the meat with a paper towel before putting it on my bun to avoid the soggy bun problem.
9. I really want to learn how to scuba dive. I've always been partially limited by the whole "I have asthma" thing, but I've seen some amazing scuba pictures.
10. I enjoy musicals. In fact, I'm still bummed that Mark didn't buy me season tickets again this year...something about having a baby now. Boo Hubby.
11. My husband and my first fight ever in our relationship was about football. It was a knock-down blow-out too.
Questions from Terzah:
1. Which U.S. state do you most want to visit and what would you do there?
Maine. I don't know why. When I was a kid I always said I wanted to go to Maine. LOL. I would probably visit some Lighthouses, run a race and eat lobster.
2. If you are a parent, what's the most important piece of advice you have for those of us who are also parents (and I want to know this even if your kids are still young)?
Avery is 5 months old, but she's way cuter and more alert than some other 5 month old kiddos...so clearly I rock as a mom. HA! I would say, don't stress the small stuff, like the idea of a schedule. As long as the kid is healthy and happy, the rest doesn't matter. Don't allow other mom's to judge you. Laugh a lot. I've found that if Avery is crying at 3am (or any time really) it helps to joke and laugh. Also, challenge the kiddos. I realized at one point that Avery could do more things if given more opportunities and that I shouldn't be so tied to the "ages" on items.
3. Name your favorite sport (running, tris, cycling etc.). If you couldn't do it, what would be your next choice and why?
Tough call. Individual - running...but I haven't summitted Rainier yet, so that could change. :) Team - soccer. Back up? Swimming. I love to swim recreationally, I'm just not good at it as a sport...yet.
4. If you could pick a totem animal, what would it be and why?
My first thought was Dolphin - because I love dolphins. Then I realized they really aren't on totems, so I'm going with Eagles.
5. What's the scariest thing you ever did?
I asked my husband - and he didn't say childbirth. That cracked me up. Instead, he said zipline. Ok. I was scared before actually doing that. It was a different kind of fear than childbirth though. To be clear though, I feared becoming a mom more than the birth. Suddenly was responsible for the well-being of a tiny, tiny human.
6. If you still live in your hometown, are you glad you stayed? If you don't still live in your hometown, would you like to go back and live there?
I don't still live in my hometown, and because I moved a lot, I'm not sure what I would consider to be my hometown. If we could go back to Texas and live closer to family though, I'd be rather tempted.
7. Are you a fan of motivational posters?
Not really. This one is funny though.
8. Do you do well on standardized tests?
Yes. I was that annoying kid that did really well on the SAT and the LSAT. I didn't miss any questions on the math portion of the SAT, but I did skip 2.
9. Which countries/regions did your ancestors come from? Do you strongly identify with any of those places?
My Dad's family came from England. My mom was half Korean. I don't really strongly identify with either.
10. Which do you like best: baseball or football?
At least an easy question! FOOTBALL!!!!!!!! Baseball is too boring to watch on TV for me without simultaneously doing 50 other things.
11. Name your favorite movie of all time.
I can never do these ones! I'm dominated by my mood, thus, my favorite movie depends on my current mood. I did watch Ever After about 1 million times in college though. And, my secret love is Labyrinth.
My Questions for those who choose to do them:
1. What is your favorite dessert?
2. What is the silliest thing you've done AS AN ADULT?
3. If money were not an issue, where would you go on vacation?
4. What time do you wake up in the morning?
5. When you run - music or no?
6. What's the hardest thing physically that you've accomplished?
7. What's your favorite book of all time? (I know, I hate these questions and then I asked it).
8. Other than running, what are your hobbies?
9. Have you ever been to a country other than the one you live in? Where?
10. Would you ever put a child of yours in a beauty pageant? (whether or not you have kids)
11. If you were packing for a trip, what would be the one thing that it would be a disaster if you forgot?
People I'm tagging (If you hate these things, disregard the tag!):
1. Laurie
2. Sarah
3. Sarah
4. Sara
5. Amy
6. Deb
7. Lisa
8. Jenn
9. Laura
"I'm much older and more mature now, honest."
You shouldn't lie to the internet.
For the state question, I really wanted to answer "Idaho" but my reason was I just like saying "Idaho? No...YOU da ho"
I love your answers. That Labyrinth poster is awesome--and you're not the only one with that as a secret love. But my favorite is the Kirk poster.
Thank you for tagging Sarah S. I was kicking myself that I didn't do that.
Great job, Avery!!! She's getting so big.
Thanks for tagging me...I'll try to get to it sooner than later!
My kids were not huge baby food eaters but they loved squash the most!
We went to Maine last summer and did exactly the 3 things you mentioned: lighthouses, lobster and a race ha! Too funny.
Fun learning more about you! I can imagine the trombone is loud for now, but I bet Avery will love it in another year or two. :) Thanks for the tag! I did some other random posts recently, so I might hold off a bit... or maybe I'll just do the question portion, hmmm.
<|endofexample|>
AMD Z-01 APU now shipping to manufacturers
The Fusion Z-series roadmap was leaked just over a week ago, but AMD is now ready to ship its new tablet-focused processor to manufacturers.
Codenamed “Desna,” the dual-core AMD Z-01 APU incorporates a Radeon HD 6250 GPU with a TDP of only 5.9 watts. As with other Fusion chips, the Z-01 supports 1080p playback through HDMI as well. What makes the new chip more unique, however, is its ability to increase the clock speed of a single core for improved computing speeds. The technique, called Turbo Core, is similar to Intel’s TurboBoost technology.
The Fusion Z-01 APU was introduced at Computex 2011 and will be making its debut on the MSI WinPad 110W. Previously revealed at CeBIT 2011, the 110W has since had its specs upgraded. This 10-inch tablet will now sport Windows 7, 2GB DDR2 RAM, up to 64GB SSD and 6 hours of battery life. Additionally, the WinPad 110W will come with a 1280x800 resolution IPS screen, making it quite the high-end Windows tablet. An exact release date for the Fusion-equipped 110W is not yet known.
<|endofexample|>
Her are some informative articles about New Orleans with practical and historical content to help you better understand this marvelous city.
New Orleans Airport
A little bit about the history, the services and the facility itself.
New Orleans Weather
What you an expect according to the seasons and what to wear.
Things to Do in New Orleans
You’ll never run out of things to do what with the all great food, the wonderful music, the beautiful architecture, the fun festivals and all around great entertainment.
0 Responses
Stay in touch with the conversation, subscribe to the RSS feed for comments on this post.
<|endofexample|>
The Encore Learn Bundle has five full-featured software titles for children ages four to twelve. Whether they are learning Arthur's Kindergarten or Rader Rabbit 1st Grade to Arthur's Math Games, this collection will keep them entertained for hours while they are learning. Have fun with The Cat In the Hat by Dr. Seuss where they build their reading skills along with Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego? where they go on an adventure and learn about geography, history, and world cultures..
<|endofexample|>
Quick Activities.
“Is Your Mama a Llama? “ by Deborah Guarino is a classroom favorite, I don’t know many preschool teachers who can’t recite most of this book . Readers follow Lloyd the llama as he riddles his way through a bunch of animals until he find the one he calls mom. I like the mix of animals in this book, a little different than your average zoo or farm collection.
-.
- Gather!
you the time for big elaborate crafts but you can fit these quick fixes into even the busiest schedule, even if it’s just allowing your child to “help” you get some things done.
- Kitchen Caper! My son loves “helping” me cook. He has never been a big eater but if he helps make the food he always eats it. Here he is helping me make cookies, don’t worry the mixer is unplugged , we count , scoop, measure and pour while making treats! Oh and be the official butter taste tester!
- Water Scooping. I propped up a plastic mixing bowl on top of another filled it with water and let him splash and scoop.
- Patio drawing ! Out door chalk is awesome, it comes clean with water, and comes in bright fun colors.
- At Home Museum! We grabbed some Art books and looked for cats, boats and apples in the paintings, it lasted almost 40 minutes and made no mess! Here we are enjoying gothic architecture!
<|endofexample|>
Shit Fashion Bloggers Do: Not Another Outfit Post…
A question: Have you ever seen a blog post like this?
‘Hi guyz, here are some photos of me looking fierce with my new Strobe watch by Limit. Hope u all had a good day xo’
So back to that question at the top of the page. Ever seen a blog post like this? Wait, no need to reply, I already know the answer. It’s ‘OF COURSE I HAVE, STU.’ Yup, poorly written #OOTD posts with eleven photos that are just barely perceptibly different (seriously, it’s like a game of spot the difference sometimes) are the bread and butter of far too many fashion bloggers.
Yeah, yeah, I get it – it’s hard to write something nice about every bit of swag you’re getting sent by PRs (first world probs, much?), but I know I’m not the only one who’s bored to death by this. On the off chance people make it through all the same-y photos, six words isn’t really going to sell them on a product. Which is why the PR sent you it, after all…
What to do? Well, making your photoshoot more interesting is a good place to start. Take The Hundreds, for example. For their Autumn (/Fall, whatever) 2012 lookbook, they did a photoshoot with a wolf. A FUCKING WOLF.
I literally can’t think of anything cooler than that. But you don’t need to look up your nearest husky sanctuary down the road just yet. You can do something much simpler (and less dangerous…) than this, and it still be interesting. Take Katy‘s outfit posts, which usually make use of mirror effects.
AND, shock horror, she actually has an opinion on the clothes she writes about! You know, one other than ‘this is nice.’
I know I’m going close to the bone by writing a series called ‘Shit Fashion Bloggers Do’, but it’s done with love. Seriously. A blog is your space, and it’s up to you what you do with it, but unless you do something interesting or inspiring with it you run the risk of becoming absolutely replaceable.
I was recently speaking with the founder of a fashion company about whether or not, with so many teenagers and twentysomethings getting into blogging, the market is going to become oversaturated. We both agreed that it’s probably inevitable, and that the face of blogging will undergo some kind of change over the next couple of years. And, whatever that change might be, ‘hope u all had a good day xo’ isn’t going to get you your next gig.
‘Til next time.
Well said. I see too many blog posts with about a dozen photos of similar poses in the same outfit, and my thoughts are: I get it, that’s what you wore on Tuesday. I get it.
A couple of close-ups and a full-length shot are all you need.
I agree, it’s a gift.
Not every blogger can be as rock n roll as me:
P.S. I own this shiz, haven’t even begun to get PRs involved in my act. But if any PRs to want to send me anything, feel free to get in touch.
Points for the N.E.R.D reference.
What is with people signing off with ‘XO’? Or anything at all? A blog post does NOT need a signature with hearts and Xs and vom all over it..!
Other stuff that sucks:
1. The word ‘penchant’.
2. Anything to do with cupcakes, tea-drinking, second-hand bookshops, Cath Kidston; you know, twee-ass shit.
3. Anyone who is a self-confessed ‘obsessive’.
4. In fact, anyone who uses the word ‘self-confessed’.
5. Anything to do with Glossyboxes.
6. Anyone who starts an event or sample review with ‘I was lucky enough to…’
7. Fashion bloggers who put up about a zillion pictures of the same outfit for no reason other than their own self-indulgence. There is one in particular who takes a ‘crotch’ shot of the space between her naval and thighs with her hands crossed in front of her for EVERY SINGLE OUTFIT.
8. People who describe all PR people as ‘lovely’.
9. ‘Twenty-somethings’.
10. Anyone who is ‘addicted’ to things that are not addictive. Like shoes, green tea or ‘popping bubble wrap’.
…And breathe.
Great post, as usual. Love your refreshing take on things. x
I lol’d endlessly. If I didn’t have already enough material for more posts on this stuff, I would now!x
Agreed, also – I think sponsored/gift posts should be labeled. I try to do a bit of writing on all personal style posts, but I’ll be sure to keep this in mind when I’m feeling stingy w/ the words!
I think most people do, but I only recently learned that you’re not allowed to do them on the free version of WordPress! The rules around that aren’t too clear…
Long as the photos are interesting, it’s all good – it’s just when the pics and writing are both ‘bleh’ that there’s a problem.
Haha I am sick of this…but like you said each to their own so who am I to judge!?
Also In regards to the wolf picture, I had a thought that reminded me of something I saw on regretsy and that maybe there could be a market for a ‘fashion blogger’ package
–
- Charlotte x
You’re a good man, Stu!!
LOve this blog – even when it shows me where I’ve been going so baaadly wrong!
Always innerestin, an challengin, an a bit chiilin (god, did i just say that ??!!!
I had an RSS clearout recently and that was the reason most of the fashion blogs got scrapped. I’m all for a filler post every so often (we’ve all been there), but when it’s every week because said blogger is ‘so busy’ and ‘so important’ then I stop reading.
Oh dear Lord YES this does my head in. When I do do (ha) outfit posts I do maybe two shots and then perhaps some close ups of any interesting details. And then whether I bought the item or not (most of them I buy!) I’ll talk a bit about it- why I bought it, what else I think it’d look good with, when I’d wear it etc.
No one wants to see 12 self appreciating shots of someone and a KTHXBAI. When there are a lot of shots, all very samey samey I scroll to the writing and so when there’s nothing substantial there too, I click off, never to return again!
Visit The Other Side Of Cool
Tweet me! @othersideofcool
I bloody love Katy! I think you are right, I’m all for having a good old rant and ramble with my OOTD less outfit post more therapy perhaps! Haha
I know some people don’t have much time, but word are what I tend to focus on so if there are none I get bored.
Sure, it’s like everything else – sometimes you don’t have time to say/do everything you’d like, and you end up posting a quickie. It’s only when it’s like this every time that it becomes kinda stagnant!
I really, really like your blog!
It’s really refreshing to have a male fashion blogger on the scene and your writing is a complete pleasure to read.
I’ll definitely be back for more!
Loved this post and sadly you are right!
A blog is your space, and it’s up to you what you do with it, but unless you do something interesting or inspiring with it you run the risk of becoming absolutely replaceable. – Quote of the Day…Loves it!
hahaha! That is so funny! The picture with the wolf! I thought to my self “Wow that is pretty epic, its a wolf” . It is definitely inspiring me to take some steps with my pictures.
<|endofexample|>
(6
Mykie's Lesson Plan 3: Clouds
Learn about the three main types of clouds and how to identify them based on their appearance. The video appears to be a student-made project. Run time 03:18.
Introduction to Japanese Religion
This is a piece I made for Japanese language students so that they could see and hear something of Japanese religion. Shinto and Buddhism are introduced.
The Empty Mind-Kyudo or Japanese Archery
This is a rare opportunity to see the great archers of the Japan Kyudo Federation. Kyudo Federation. The location is the Meiji Shrine in Shibuya (Running Time 3:14)..
Cell Phone Tricks Videos
How to use Bluetooth on a cell phone to get reception for your wirelss computer. Let the video run and you will find even more interesting "tricks." This is a must watch for cell phone users
MP3 Opinions-Which is the Best?
Every MP3 manufacturer thinks that their model is the best. In this video from HowStuffWorks you'll hear reviews from consumers.
~Video begins with an Ad~
Life Cycle of a House Fly
This is a short, animated narrated video (01:43) that offers an overview about the life cycle of a house fly. Some of the narration is accompanied by English captions.
Destination: Laos, Luang Prabang
National Geographic's short video on the ancient royal capital city of Luang Prabang in Laos. The rituals of Buddhist monks who pray and meditate in the temples are viewed, along with them begging for food and rice. The temples and serene landscapes are beautiful..)
Baby Red Pandas
Farley is a baby panda who undergoes great health difficulty. They show him going to a zoo in Syracuse where they introduced him to a panda companion that could show him how to climb. Run time 02:39.
William Shakespeare and the Theatre
How William Shakespeare Went into Theatre - Learn how William Shakespeare became interested in the theatre in this five-minute biographical documentary.
Learn about William Shakespeare and the Globe theatre, where his plays were performed in this five-minute video clip.
)
PARALLEL STRUCTURE
This video explains the parallel structure concept and provides many examples. In the video the narrator explains parallel structure means that parts of a sentences that have the same grammatical function and have the same grammatical form. She reviews some correct and incorrect examples.
<|endofexample|>
ContactTel: + 1 709 753 0652
Toll Free: (888) 265-6173
Trawlmaster for Other Multi Rig Trawls
Overview.
- Allows you to take equal bulk in EACH net.
- Adjust vessel speed to keep optimal doorspread.
- Indicates when the footgear is going into the mud.
Trawl Warp Measurement when your trawls are on bottom.
- Allows you to raise and lower the headlines depending on species.
Catch
Indicates when the cod-end is full.
- Only take back what you can handle onboard.
- Prevents hauling back trawls that are only half full.
- Provides a better indication of exactly where the fish are in the tow.
Bottom Contact
Indicates if the trawls are on bottom.
- Fishing is greatly reduced once your trawls come off bottom.
- Indicates if your speed into the current is taking the trawls off bottom.
- If you do not shoot enough trawl wire, the trawl will not be on bottom.
Temperature
- Locate larger schools by trawling in the right temperature range.
- Improve quality by storing fish near the temperature of the seawater.
- Determine where the fish are.
Grid Angle
Indicates the sorting grid angle.
- If your grid is not at the right angle, nothing goes to the cod-end.
- Indicates if your grid is blocked.
- Estimate fish volume in the codend as the grid angle tends to increase with volume.
Wingend Spread
Provides the distance between the wingends.
- Keeping the optimal wing spread can be just as important as doorspread.
- Wingspread is a critical piece of information for researchers in calculating swept area.
<|endofexample|>
Life is a beach and we've set up the perfect day for your family on our beach!
Pack up the family and head to the beach! We have been a popular family beach destination for over 80 years! This fun package includes accommodations, family fun beach kit, scavenger hunt, s’mores kits for beach bonfire, and breakfast for all in the morning. We’ve planned your getaway so you can take the time to enjoy each other.
Starts at $157 based on two adults and two kids.
Coupon code: P8117
Affiliations: Taste of Nova Scotia, Canada Select, Check In, Pictou County Tourist Association, Tourism Industry Association of Nova Scotia
Valid: May 10, 2013–October 15, 2013
Based on availability. Rates vary with room type selected. Rates based on 2 adults & 2 kids under 12..
<|endofexample|>
Drenched in history and lore and balanced with masterful backcountry cuisine, this trip is designed to allow “the wilderness to welcome you, and teach you, and take you to its heart”. From beginners to seasoned paddlers, this trip is perfect for you!
Your adventure will begin with a rendezvous on the historic Milford House property where you’ll meet your guide and fellow trippers. Our guide will facilitate putting the final touches on packing, and after a delicious lunch we’ll take to the water to knock the rust off our paddling strokes. Soon we’ll load the canoes and slip away to the adventure that awaits.
Clear, dark waters and rocky shores melt away as we explore and paddle to our first night’s campsite. Along the way we’ll pick our course through the narrow stone-choked channel known as Pike’s Run. Over-hanging maples on the cusp of scarlet line the granite studded shores, creating a terrific opportunity for the photographic eye.
Once camp is set, our guide will begin to work their magic preparing a hearty backcountry-gourmet dinner, complete with something sweet to finish! Curl up around the soft glow of the evening fire and enjoy the fine art of Nova Scotian story telling, or perhaps a chapter from Albert Bigelow Paine’s book, ‘The Tent Dwellers’. Later, retire to your tent and let the lapping waves carry you away to a well deserved rest.
Rise with the heavy autumn mist rolling off the lake and the golden rays of the sun just cresting the treetops. You’ll be greeted with the tempting smell of a hot beverage while our guide prepares an amazing breakfast highlighting Nova Scotian culture and tradition. We’ll break camp, load the canoes and begin the day by navigating our way through the small narrows at the eastern end of Fisher Lake, known as Eleven Mile Runs.
We’ll explore Eleven Mile Lake’s deep coves and experience the Milford House’s iconic landscape. If the westerlies are in our favour, creating a canoe-sailboat is always a great option. Fleeting glimpses of the skilled kingfisher diving for prey will entertain as we start an early search for an island campsite. Once found, we’ll set up tents, then enjoy a colourful tapas-style lunch.
Afternoon adventures could include honing paddling strokes with your guide, a certified Paddle Canada instructor, searching for chutes and pools for swimming in the headwaters of the Mersey River, or tracking down a long forgotten ranger cabin full of antiquity (and perhaps a little moss, too!).
We’ll return to camp in time for our guide to craft another hearty meal. Relax and enjoy the smell of wood smoke and tempting aromas rising from the grill, or pitch in and help with the evening chores by fetching water or collecting firewood.
After dinner, kick back with a hot chocolate while roasting marshmallows over a perfect bed of embers. As the fire wanes and the campsite darkens, loose yourself in a night sky of endless stars as our guide describes Greek and Mi’kmaq constellations. Soon your tent beckons and you give in to a well deserved sleep.
An early start with a quick and delicious hot breakfast will allow us to take advantage of the morning’s calm and serenity. Take turns using the map to lead the way back through the many islands and glacial erratics. We’ll find the perfect white sand beach to set-up for our last lunch. After a tasty bite to eat, and perhaps a quick swim, we’ll continue our last leg back to the Milford House, arriving mid-afternoon.
Our three-day canoe adventure takes full advantage of the legendary Milford House property, backcountry and the stunning landscape of southwest Nova Scotia. Join us and you’ll soon understand why many return decade after decade.
$355 + tax per person for a 3-day canoe adventure with the legendary Milford House. This includes a fully guided two night stay in our iconic backcountry, with all meals prepared and served. Also provided is group equipment, plus canoes, paddles, and PFD’s.
“Where the trail leads back from the water's edge—
Tangled and overgrown—
Shoulder your load and strike the road
Into the deep unknown.”
Albert Bigelow Paine
The Tent Dwellers
1908
Coupon code: P7795
Affiliations: Destination Southwest Nova Scotia, Tourism Industry Association of Nova Scotia
Valid: September 5, 2012–October 31, 2012
This trip operates weekly, beginning at 12pm on Fridays through to 3pm on Sundays. To ensure booking, a 50% non-refundable deposit must be made. Please call or email to make a reservation. We look forward to paddling with you.
<|endofexample|>
: : LIT-SLMSLT
Manf Code: DL-8ATSH
Stock Code: NZX-PHANTW
Manf Code: 895562002742
Stock Code: ADA-11750G
Manf Code: ACH11-750GU3-CBK
Stock Code: NZX-PH410B
Manf Code: 815671010537
Stock Code: NZX-PHANTB
Manf Code: 895562002766
Stock Code: XIG-F1453
Manf Code: XLF-F1453
Stock Code: XIL-INTER
Manf Code: JET-GEH-XP-ICP
Stock Code: NZX-PHANTR
Manf Code: 895562002759
Stock Code: NZX-SWI810
Manf Code: CA-SW810-W1
Stock Code: NZX-SWI81B
Manf Code: CA-SW810-B: IRO-BASIC4
Manf Code: D2-S200-S04-3FIPS
Stock Code: LIT-SLIMBK
Manf Code: ETAU108-02
<|endofexample|>
: GIG: STA-PA2SA3
Manf Code: PATA2SATA: NOV-PCTOOL
Manf Code: CTK200
Stock Code: STA-PCI139
Manf Code: PCI1394_2LP:: ASR-970X3
Manf Code: 970 EXTREME: ASR-Z77P4M
Manf Code: Z77 PRO4-M
Stock Code: ASR-960GS3
Manf Code: 960GM-GS3 FX
Stock Code: GIG-Z77I
Manf Code: GA-Z77N-WIFI
Stock Code: BEL-102479
Manf Code: F8E062U
Stock Code: FRA-ARMID2
Manf Code: FD-CA-ARC-R2-BL-W
Stock Code: GIG-H61ND2
Manf Code: GA-H61N-D2V
Stock Code: GIG-680SC
Manf Code: GV-N680SO-2GD
Stock Code: ASR-F2A84M
Manf Code: F2A85X EXTREME4-M
Stock Code: ASR-B75DGS
Manf Code: B75M-DGS
Stock Code: GIG-7770O2
Manf Code: GV-R777OC-1GD-2.0
Stock Code: GIG-Z77UP4
Manf Code: GA-Z77X-UP4-TH
Stock Code: GIG-6302
Manf Code: GV-N630-2GI
Stock Code: GIG-650TIB
Manf Code: GV-N65TBOC-2GD
Showing products 1 to 48 of 94 (2 Pages)
<|endofexample|>
Mar?
Lydia - 3.5 Star
I enjoyed True Love Way which is about being true to yourself, following your heart and finding what is right in your life, whether it is what you expected or not. Family and friendship holds a huge theme in this light hearted read about pining away for the one that got away and then discovering maybe he wasn’t what you thought or remembered in the first place.
The whole friendship dynamic in True Love Way made me nostalgic for Friends and I wanted bury myself under the covers and watch reruns. Marlo has two best friends. Her bestie from childhood, Savannah, lives several hours away from Marlo and has a pre-teen daughter who Marlo helped raise when she was a child. Savannah’s much older brother, Nik, has become Marlo’s other best friend when they both moved to the same city knowing only each other. Marlo and Nik hang out all the time. Now add Josh, Marlo’s high school sweetheart, who shows up a decade after breaking her heart by moving to Paris without her and whose return turns all their lives upside down.
From the outset, I could see how clueless Marlo was that Nik was completely besotted with her (no spoiler – it’s pretty obvious) and I really loved Nik. He was kind, courteous and loved Marlo’s great Aunt Margaret who he always visited along with Marlo and helped her whenever he could. He was nice. And lovely. And then there was Josh, who I hated. I wanted to punch him in the face. And then punch Marlo when she didn’t listen to the little nagging feelings of negativity that kept popping up.
I couldn’t understand how Marlo would suddenly run back to an ex-boyfriend. Having never had this inclination myself, I couldn’t really relate to this aspect of the story and how she assumed they would go waltzing down the aisle even though he broke her heart so many years ago. Marlo and Josh had made a pact during a tender teenage moment and she presumed it was all to work out now that the pact date loomed? What? Just because they made a stupid pact, it negates her previous broken heart? Wouldn’t he just do it all over again? Did she really want to be his backup plan? I wanted to shake Marlo and show her what was right in front of her and how much of a jack-ass Josh was.
At the same time I could relate to how she wanted her happy ending so she ignored some signs she probably should have paid more attention to. I think all of us overlook some things in order to get our happy ending, whether it’s things we should ignore or not and eventually I could relax because Marlo slowly started to trust her instincts.
There was such a strong focus on relationships in this novel – not just love relationships - and I loved that. Even with a secret revealed that threatens them (which was a bit obvious for my taste), all the friendships and family ties were so strong and I think this was the strength of True Love Way. I absolutely adored Marlo’s great aunt, Margaret, and that Marlo and Nik had such a lovely relationship with her, visiting, cooking and watching old movies with her. Even Marlo’s relationship with her parents was strong and seemed realistic to me, even though I probably wouldn’t share as much with my family, being a little more private than some. Even Marlo’s relationships with her friends was more like family. These connections are what will stick with me most about True Love Way.
One thing that I want to mention is the title and cover. Unfortunately a book is often judged by its cover and I wish it had been stronger to compliment this story which is much stronger than both. I didn't base any part of my review rating on this, but I wanted to mention it because I really don't think they do True Love Way justice and I wish more attention had been given to them.
As this novel wrapped up, twinges of emotion wormed through me which says a lot. Although not entirely original and a bit predictable, I enjoyed Marlo’s path to self-discovery and especially loved the abundance of close relationships in this novel.
Thank you to Simon and Fig for our review copy!
Connect with Nancy Scrofano here:
Connect with Nancy Scrofano here:
<|endofexample|>
Storybook - Open Source Novel Writing Software
- Before adding a new feature request please check if an identical task already exists.
- Describe your new feature request as short and precise as possible. Use the possibility of attaching a screen shot or sketch.
- Text can be formatted using the Dokuwiki Syntax.
<|endofexample|>
Filtered Index
Filtered by: Vibe
Migrating from GroupWise DMS to Vibe 3.3
This document covers the tools and process for moving entries from GroupWise Document Management to Novell Vibe.
Submitted by: dlythgoe on Fri. 03.01.2013
Filed Under: GroupWise Cool Solutions, Collaboration Cool Solutions, Cool Solutions, Vibe Cool Solutions
Topic: Document Management, Migration, Supported
Product: GroupWise, Vibe
Putting holidays in your Vibe team calendar
Want to show company holidays, weekends, and other general calendar items to everyone in your Vibe group? Here's how you do it
Submitted by: ssalgy on Thu. 02.14.2013
Filed Under: Collaboration Cool Solutions, Cool Solutions, Vibe Cool Solutions
Product: Vibe
Success story: Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München
Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU München) use Novell Vibe to create a web-based platform that gives staff, students and partners secure access to documents, blogs and wikis. Watch this new video that gives insight into how they utilize Novell Vibe across their entire University.
Submitted by: Vibe_Library on Tue. 12.11.2012
Filed Under: Collaboration Cool Solutions, Cool Solutions, Vibe Cool Solutions
Topic: Administration, Announcements, Automation, Best Practices, Collaboration, Customizing, File Management, File Transfer, Forms, Novell Teaming Library, Supported, Tips for Administrators, Tips for End Users, Tips for Small Business Owners, Workflow
Product: Vibe
0
<|endofexample|>
Managing NLM™ programs on your server includes controlling what programs can run, what functionality your server has, and the capacity your server can provide. Novell® Remote Manager lets you access a list of NLM programs to view information about them and perform different operations with them.
This section includes instructions for accomplishing the following tasks from the Modules List page:
To view a list of NLM programs and manage them, access the List Modules page by clicking thelink in the navigation frame.
Figure 8-1 Example List Modules Page
The column totals of this list show how much memory is being used by all of the NLM programs collectively on the system. This information can help you better plan for future memory upgrades to the server.
The Allocated Memory summary indicates how much memory a NetWare® Loadable Module has requested from the system and how much it is currently using. This information is valuable in determining whether the module is using too much system memory.
The following table shows the tasks that you can do with the information in the module list or from the detailed Module Information page.
Table 8-1 Tasks and Procedures for Managing NLM Programs
The List Modules page makes loading any NLM programs on your server from a remote workstation very easy.
Access the List Modules page by clicking thelink in the navigation frame.
Specify the name of the module you want to load in thefield.
(Conditional) If you want to display the System Console while the NLM program is loading, select thecheck box.
Click thebutton.
To do this, click thelink on the List Modules page.
If the module cannot be found, you can change the search path as follows:
Table 8-2 Tasks and Procedures for Modifying the Search Path for Loading NLM Programs
<|endofexample|>
Kirstine Roepstorff's "Illuminating Shadows"
The Site-Specific Residences of Andersson-Wise
You must be logged in to comment
The Everyday Absurdist's Upper West Side Apartment...
Six-Legged Delicacies Tantalize Foodies at London's...
Oscar-Winner Fisher Stevens Narrates an Homage to the...
NOWNESS previews the latest in fashion, art, cinema, entertainment, culture, music, gastronomy, design, travel, and the world of luxury.
Conversations
Add A Comment
You must be logged in to comment
<|endofexample|>
Alabama: Davis (D) Faces Hurdles Today In Bid For History; Crowded GOP Field
Artur Davis, elected to Alabama's 7th Congressional District in 2002, is giving up his House seat to run for governor.
An English-only ad by James (R) has gone viral; Davis (D) is taking on his state's black political establishment.
The 1970 gubernatorial candidacy of Dr. John Cashin was more symbolic than anything else. George Wallace, just off a sucessful race-based campaign in the Democratic primary runoff, was a shoo-in to return to office after an absence of four years. There was no Republican on the ballot, not that it would have mattered; the Alabama GOP was not a threat to win anything statewide back in 1970, certainly not against Wallace.
Cashin, an African-American, was the candidate of the National Democratic Party of Alabama (NDPA), a multi-racial organization born out of the 1964 Democratic national convention. With no money or organization, Cashin received nearly 15 percent of the vote in the general election. The goal was less about winning and more about sending a message. But if the 15 percent was supposed to be a message, no one in the state heard it.
Forty years later, another black candidate is seeking the governorship of Alabama. It is an era that would have been totally unrecognizable back in 1970. But there are some similarities as well.
Artur Davis, elected to Alabama's 7th Congressional District in 2002, is giving up his House seat to run for governor in today's Democratic primary. From the outset of his political career, Davis has made it clear his approach would be that of a centrist. CQ's Politics In America notes, for example, that he supports a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage and in 2007 he voted against a bill to prohibit workplace discrimination against gays. He was one of 63 Democrats to vote for a ban on "partial birth" abortion. He supported a renewal of the Patriot Act. He was also among the 27 House Democrats who voted to allow oil and gas drilling in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
He also voted against the health care bill last fall — the only black lawmaker to do so — given a pass to do so, apparently, by Speaker Nancy Pelosi, aware that voting otherwise could hurt his statewide ambitions in conservative Alabama. But his "no" vote was wildly unpopular in his 7th CD, comprising parts of Birmingham and Tuscaloosa, which is majority-black and lined with pockets of poverty. The Rev. Jesse Jackson is quoted as saying this about Davis: "You can't vote against health care and call yourself a black man." Many voters see Davis' vote as one of pure politics.
Davis' opponent in the primary, state Agriculture Commissioner Ron Sparks, has been reminding voters how the congressman voted and promising, "I won't ever, ever turn my back on you."
Davis is also facing the open opposition from many of the state's longtime civil rights leaders, including Joe Reed, chairman of the Alabama Democratic Conference, who has endorsed Sparks. Sparks is white.
A big part of this division is generational. Many of the old-line black leaders feel Davis is "impatient" and hasn't "earned" the right to become the state's first African-American governor. They also resent the fact that Davis has, in their eyes, decided to seek out white support before nailing down the backing from the black leadership. (Click here to read Joe Reed's explanation for why his group chose not to endorse Davis.) Reed and others have flatly said that Davis can't win the general election.
That may be true, but that may be true of Sparks as well. President Obama is widely unpopular in Alabama, giving the GOP hope that they will keep the governorship that incumbent Republican Bob Riley is giving up because of term limits.
Another part of their opposition goes back to 2002, when Davis ousted Rep. Earl Hilliard, the state's first African-American congressman. Hilliard was a controversial figure with an assortment of ethics problems over his finances and foreign trips. But Jews also saw him as anti-Israel, and Davis was the beneficiary of support from national pro-Israeli groups.
Davis was also an early supporter of Obama's presidential candidacy, at a time when most blacks in the state had lined up behind Hillary Clinton.
For the record, Davis has his share of black support, including endorsements from the mayors of Selma and Mobile, as well as Rep. John Lewis (D-GA). It remains to be seen how much of a pull Joe Reed and those organizations still have.
Davis has long considered the frontrunner in the gov. primary and that may still be the case, but Sparks has narrowed the gap in the past month.
Republicans have their own issues as well.
Tim James, a businessman and the son of former two-term Gov. Fob James — elected first as a Democrat (1978) and then as a Republican (1994) — has received much attention over his ad railing against illegal immigration and calling for an "English only" driver's licence exam. "This is Alabama. We speak English. If you want to live here, learn it," James says in the ad, which has since gone viral.
You can see the ad here:
The ad has given James national exposure but some think it is counterproductive; Alabama is home to many foreign businesses. But with seven candidates in the race, it may help push him into what is expected to be a July 13 runoff, most likely with Bradley Byrne, a former state senator and ex-college chancellor backed by the same business groups that helped outgoing Gov. Riley win his two terms.
Byrne, who some polls show leading the GOP pack, has said?
Also running are former Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, best known for his unsuccessful attempt to display a Ten Commandments monument in a state building (and who was ousted from his post for his efforts), and state Rep. Robert Bentley.
There is little interest in the Senate race, where incumbent Republican Richard Shelby is widely seen as a shoo-in for a fifth term.
But there is considerable attention on the Republican primary in the 5th District. Freshman Rep. Parker Griffith, elected as a Blue Dog Democrat in 2008, switched to the GOP last December. But he has not been widely embraced in his new party back home, and faces a tough challenge today from Madison Co. Commissioner Mo Brooks, who is comparing Griffith to Pennsylvania's Arlen Specter, another party switcher whose decision to do so was not, shall we say, rewarded by voters. Also running is restaurant owner Les Phillip.
For his part, Griffith has been endorsement by Alabama's four other GOP congressmen. And look no further than Sen. Shelby to see how party switchers have fared in the state. He became a Republican in November 1994, immediately after the GOP takeover of Congress, and twice won re-election by landslide margins.
Other states holding primaries today: New Mexico, where Gov. Bill Richardson (D) is term-limited, and Mississippi. Polls close in Alabama and Mississippi at 8 p.m. ET, and in New Mexico at 9.
<|endofexample|>
Missing U.S. Journalist Surfaces In A Video That Raises Questions
American freelance journalist Austin Tice disappeared in Syria in mid-August and there had not been solid information on his whereabouts or his condition.
Now a video has surfaced on YouTube, but there's a great deal of skepticism about what it purports to show.
In the video, several vehicles drive through rough, semi-desert terrain. Eventually, a blindfolded man who resembles Tice appears in torn clothing as he is being led by masked men with rifles. The men are chanting, "God is greatest."
Tice recites a common Islamic phrase in Arabic, his head bowed in distress, and then cries out, "Oh Jesus, oh Jesus." The clip ends after 47 seconds.
Taken at face value, the video suggests Tice, 31, was seized and is being held by Islamic extremists.
But the U.S. State Department says it believes Tice is being held by the Syrian government, and it expressed doubts about what the video was showing.
"We have seen the video. We are not in a position to verify, A, whether it is him, or B, whether it represents an actual scene that happened or something that may have been staged," says spokeswoman Victoria Nuland. "There's a lot of reason for the Syrian government to duck responsibility, but we continue to believe, to the best of our knowledge, that he's in Syrian government custody."
The Syrian government has not said whether it is holding Tice.
The Syrian leadership has repeatedly blamed Islamic radicals from other countries for the violence in Syria. The video would fit with the broader narrative being put out by the Syrian government, one analyst noted.
"It's like a caricature of a jihadi group," Joseph Holliday, who researches Syrian rebel groups at the Washington-based Institute for the Study of War, told The Washington Post. "It looks like someone went to the Internet, watched pictures of Afghan mujahedeen, then copied them.
"My gut instinct is that [Syrian] regime security guys dressed up like a bunch of wahoos and dragged him around and released the video to scare the U.S. and others about the danger of al-Qaida extremists in Syria," Holliday told the paper.
The Post also noted that the video was posted Sept. 26, but didn't gain much attention until it appeared Monday on a Facebook page linked to Syrian government supporters.
Tice was working for the Post and other news organizations when he.
<|endofexample|>
GOP Lawmakers Fear Backlash from SCHIP Veto
This week, President Bush is expected to veto legislation that would add $35 billion to the State Children's Health Insurance Program. That's causing problems for vulnerable Republicans in Congress, who fear being on the wrong side of a popular issue.
Copyright © 2007 NPR. For personal, noncommercial use only. See Terms of Use. For other uses, prior permission required.
JAMES HATTORI, host:
From NPR News, this is WEEKEND EDITION. I'm James Hattori.
Health care is high on the list of voter's priorities, and health care for children is really hitting home. President Bush and the Congress are battling over the State Children's Health Insurance Program known as SCHIP. The president says he'll veto the funding bill because it costs too much and it covers children and families, which are too wealthy.
Democrats think they're in a win-win situation. They can either override the veto or use the issue as a surefire vote getter. Some Republicans fear the Democrats are right.
NPR's Julie Rovner reports.
JULIE ROVNER: No congressional leaders think they have a winner of a bill when they hold a formal ceremony for the normally mundane action of signing it and sending it to the White House. Yet that's exactly what Senate Majority leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi did on Friday morning just hours after the Senate proved the measure by the veto proof vote of 67-29.
Representative NANCY PELOSI (Democrat, California; Speaker of the House): There are 10 million reasons why the president should sign this legislation. They are represented here by the children of America who are with us. On their behalf, I am honored to sign the State Children's Health Insurance Program and send it to the president.
ROVNER: That 10 million is a reference to the number of children who'd be cover under the bill, about four million more than the current level. To put a little more pressure on President Bush, Democrats also brought along 12-year-old Graeme Frost(ph). He's a Maryland SCHIP recipient, who needed the program after he was in a serious car wreck. Frost also delivered the Democrat's weekly radio address.
Mr. GRAEME FROST (Recipient, State Children's Health Insurance Program): I don't know why President Bush wants to stop kids who really need held.
ROVNER: That kind of rhetoric left White House Press Secretary Dana Perino want a defense of it Friday's briefing.
Ms. DANA PERINO (White Press Secretary): I think it is preposterous for people to suggest that the president of the United States doesn't care about children, that he wants the children to suffer.
ROVNER: Health the Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt in a call with reporters Friday afternoon, managed to be a bit more substantive about why the president won't sign the bill. He thinks it would give government health care to too many children who might otherwise have private coverage and that could be the beginning of a government takeover of the health care system.
Professor JACK PITNEY (American Politics, Claremont McKenna College): But we do not believe that SCHIP should be the vehicle to pull the train of National Health Insurance.
ROVNER: But political scientist Jack Pitney of Claremont McKenna College says the president maybe threading on some dangerous political ground.
Prof. PITNEY: After being beaten up for years by conservatives on the increase on the federal budget, the president had decided to draw a line on the sand. Unfortunately, Republicans are looking at the sand and reading the words - you lose.
ROVNER: That's because expanding government health insurance for children is supported by large majorities of voters including a majority of Republicans. That helps explain why 18 Senate Republicans including all eight, whose seats are considered vulnerable next year, voted for the bill. Susan Collins of Maine was one of them.
Senator SUSAN COLLINS (Republican, Maine): It's hard for me to understand why anyone would vote against an extension and modest expansion of what has been such a highly successful and effective program.
ROVNER: In the House, 45 Republicans broke ranks with their leaders and the president and voted for the bill. It's not enough to override the veto - yet. But Democrats and interest groups are launching a series of print and broadcast advertising campaigns and rallies. Tomorrow, children will march to the White House pulling red wagons full of petitions to keep the heat on..
<|endofexample|>
Mammoth Cave Campground
Did You Know?
Mammoth Cave is the world's longest known cave, with more than 400 miles of interconnected passages—so long that if the second and third longest caves in the world were joined together, Mammoth Cave would still be the planet's longest cave and have more than 100 miles left over!
<|endofexample|>
Search:
Petrified Forest National Park Learning Center Lecture Series, February 2007
Petrified Forest, AZ ― Invaders are taking over our natural areas! Exotic plants now threaten millions of acres in our national park lands. Petrified Forest National Park will present the film, “Invaders of the National Parks” on Wednesday, February 7 at 10:00 a.m. as part of the monthly Learning Center Lecture Series.
This film will take you on a journey to join teams of National Park Service “Weed Warriors” as they take on the task of eradicating unwelcome salt cedars (a.k.a. Tamarisk) and other harmful plants from our precious protected landscapes.
Learn what you can do to help in this national effort! Park staff will be on hand to describe current weed management activities at Petrified Forest National Park and opportunities for you to become a “Weed Warrior” too!.
Petroglyphs are sometimes calendars, marking events like the summer solstice with interactions between the glyph, the sun, and natural landscape features.
Last Updated: 05/18/2013
<|endofexample|>
Resolution of Generic Safety Issues: Item A-34: Instruments for Monitoring Radiation and Process Variables During Accidents ( NUREG-0933, Main Report with Supplements 1–34 )
DESCRIPTION
This NUREG-03712 item was initiated in order to develop criteria and guidelines to be used by applicants, licensees, and staff reviewers to support implementation of Regulatory Guide 1.97,55 Revision 1. Such criteria and guidelines were to provide specific guidance on functional and operational capabilities required of the various classes of instruments, including in-plant and ex-plant instruments. Where such guidance could not be provided, the rationale to be applied to derive requirements for specific situations was to be provided.
The objective of Regulatory Guide 1.9755 was to ensure that, during and following an accident, appropriate parameters and system functions are monitored in order that plant personnel will have sufficient information to take appropriate actions to restrict the courses and consequences of accidents. At the start of an accident, the operator cannot always determine what accident has occurred and, therefore, cannot always determine the appropriate response. For this reason, the reactor trip and certain safety actions (e.g., emergency core cooling actuation) are designed to be performed automatically during the initial stages of an accident. However, instrumentation is also necessary to provide information about plant parameters and system functions in order to enable the operator to cope with the ensuing event sequence. The operator must have sufficient information available to: (1) determine the course of an accident; (2) make decisions concerning appropriate manual action; and (3) assist in determining what actions, if any, are needed to execute the plant emergency plan.
In the course of implementing the initial phase of the Task Action Plan,2 it became obvious that Regulatory Guide 1.97,55 Revision 1 included a provision which industry claimed to be impractical at that time and other provisions for which more definitive guidance was needed to define acceptable means of compliance. The primary issues in controversy were Positions C.1 and C.3 of the Regulatory Guide.55
Position C.1 was intended to ensure that the station design included sufficient instrumentation to meet the objectives described in Position C.1 for each of the design basis accidents normally analyzed by an applicant in Chapter 15 of a Safety Analysis Report.
Position C.3 of Regulatory Guide 1.97,55 Rev. 1, described specific instrumentation to be used if accident conditions were to degrade beyond those assumed in the FSAR. Various industry representatives expressed concern about the ranges of the instruments described in Position C.3 and the implication of monitoring accidents beyond the plant design bases. This position was not explicitly intended to monitor accidents beyond the design bases but instead was intended to provide assurance that, even under conditions that degrade far beyond those that are assumed in the accident analyses, the operator would have usable instrumentation that would provide a basis for decision-making.
Technical work on this item was completed in 197956 but implementation did not take place as was planned because of the occurrence of the TMI-2 accident. Instead, the TMI Lessons Learned Task Force reexamined57 this issue and recommended a modified implementation plan.58 Implementation is currently being carried out under TMI Action Plan Item II.F.3.48
In addition, Revision 2 to Regulatory Guide 1.97, published in December 1980, identified specific parameters and instrument ranges and provided definitive guidance on acceptable means of compliance. The NRC selected parameters and ranges to span event sequences within and beyond the design basis.
CONCLUSION
This item has been resolved and is being implemented under TMI Action Plan Item II.F.3.48
<|endofexample|>
Our philosophy of honesty and integrity has allowed us to become one of the leading recruitment companies nationwide. We continue to invest in both people and systems, to ensure that our service is always first class both in permanent and temporary placements.
Our reputation and ethos, together with continuous investment, means that we can attract the best candidates and can offer you a high quality shortlist that really meets your requirements. We do this with great care, focusing on both your own and the candidates' interests to ensure complete satisfaction.
If you have a vacancy that you'd like us to help you fill, please register it with us here. Or call the office nearest you for an informal
NRL have continued to provide a high level of service to Jordan Nuclear Ltd and have the ability to react at short notice to meet our client demands.
Jordan Nuclear Ltd
<|endofexample|>
Sika Manu has revealed increased freedom and the opportunity were the key reasons behind his decision to leave Melbourne.
Thu 09 May, 12:30PM Nicholas Janzen, | Source: NRL.com
The Women in League Round is not far away – which means break out the pink jerseys, tell your mum how great she is and grab a family pass for the footy.
Thu 09 May, 12:03PM Nathan Hindmarsh | Source: NRL.com
This week I have been reflecting on the power of a loss...
Thu 09 May, 12:00PM Erin Molin, | Source: NRL.com
After eight rounds of the 2013 NRL season we’ve already seen a number of highly anticipated top-of-the-table clashes...
Thu 09 May, 12:00PM Ben Blaschke, | Source: NRL.com
The NRL has called on ASADA to take all necessary steps to get on with its investigation rather than being a party to a blame game between codes.
Thu 09 May, 11:45AM | Source: NRL.com
Injuries hit a number of NRL squads hard in Round 8, and with Origin fast approaching, it’s not easy deciding what trades to make.
Thu 09 May, 11:00AM Adrian McMurray | Source: NRL.com
We preview the round nine match ups in the 2013 Holden Cup competition.
Thu 09 May, 10:30AM | Source: NRL.com
There is nothing wrong with Brisbane centre Jack Reed’s memory.
Thu 09 May, 10:20AM Greg Prichard, | Source: NRL.com
'OK is not good enough' is the message Wests Tigers coach Mick Potter is drilling into his last-placed side ahead of Friday's clash with Cronulla.
Thu 09 May, 10:13AM Joe Barton| Source: AAP
The Warriors will rely more on efficiency than aggression in defence to counter an imposing Bulldogs pack in their NRL match in Wellington.
Thu 09 May, 10:01AM Robert Lowe | Source: AAP
<|endofexample|>
ERA 63(2)(a)(ii)-operating sewage treatment works, other than no-release works, with a total daily peak design capacity of 21 to 100 EP if treated effluent is not discharged to an infiltration trench or irrigation scheme-AES=27
The annual fee for this environmentally relevant activity is calculated by multiplying the fee unit by the aggregate environmental score of the activity being undertaken.
<|endofexample|>
OAKLAND — Paul Tamm, a civic leader who served as mayor and helped start a cycling program for at-risk youth, died Saturday of complications from prostate cancer. He was 68. “He really believed in community and that the whole is stronger than the parts,” his widow, Betty Tamm, said today. “When people worked together, you can get a lot done.” The Tamms moved to Oakland from Oakland, Calif., in 1991 to escape the bustle of the big city. Paul Tamm enjoyed the community aspect of the smaller Oakland and pursued his passion for outdoor activities such as cycling, hiking and …
News
February 18, 2013
Follow News
<|endofexample|>
Projects address concerns for acidifying marine ecosystems
Back to article | Note about images
A shell placed in seawater with increased acidity slowly dissolves over 45 days.Credit: NOAA PMEL
From carbon emissions to the oceans: Land and sea interact in ocean acidification.Credit: NOAA PMEL
NSF ocean acidification grantees are researching U.S. West Coast intertidal zonation.Credit: Bruce Menge/OSU
NSF awardees are studying ocean acidification and sea ice cover in the western Arctic Ocean.Credit: Jonathan Wynn
Earth's oceans may be acidifying faster today than in the past 300 million years.Credit: NOAA
Coral reefs in the tropics and beyond are threatened by ocean acidification.Credit: NOAA
<|endofexample|>
See the updated and expanded 2012 Roadmap.
The NSS Roadmap to Space Settlement consists of two key components:
This page describes the development of the Roadmap and provides an overview of the Roadmap.
In September 1999 a group of highly committed Directors, Chapter leaders and activists came together at an NSS Policy Summit to collectively, and intensively, debate what they determined to be the key attributes of a spacefaring civilization; what developments needed to occur to achieve it; and what barriers needed to come down to make our vision, reality.
The output of that Policy Summit is the Road Map that NSS will now use to guide our activities. It not only establishes the pathway forward, but also identifies milestones that we know must be passed, if we are to be making progress towards our goals. Not only does it help prioritize the key areas requiring change, but also it gives us a timeframe for how long we have to change these things, before they become anchors holding us back from the future.
With the Road Map in hand we can begin focusing our efforts on addressing the most urgent and most important barriers. At all levels of the Society's efforts, from individual activists, through chapter activities, right on up to the national and international activities of NSS, we can channel our efforts for maximum effect.
One of NSS' greatest strengths is often also one of its greatest weaknesses. We have a tremendously diverse array of backgrounds and skills amongst our membership, yet all too often members feel that they need to be part of the space industry to be able to contribute to our cause. That couldn't be further from the truth, and in fact the Road Map helps highlight the fact that we have technical, legal, economic, regulatory, psychological, cultural, and physiological barriers to overcome. In effect we NEED people from all walks of life to be able to influence the diverse array of barriers before us.
Aside from guiding NSS in where to focus its efforts, the Road Map also serves to help every activist understand how their efforts help to make a difference. Whatever activity the Society or its members undertake should have some relationship to attacking the barriers we have identified. If it is an NSS seminar to educate investors about reusable launch vehicle technology, it is helping to bring about the cheap access to space that we require. If it is Australian members writing to their Government Ministers to have Australia push for the abolition of the Moon Treaty, it clearly supports our belief in the need for protection of private property rights in space. Every thing that we do should be able to be linked to removing those barriers along the pathway to our vision. If they can't be linked to the Road Map, then chances are that those efforts are not addressing our highest priorities, and therefore should no longer absorb our resources.
While the Road Map is our guide for now, like all road maps, it will need to change with the evolving scene. Just as Strategic Planning needs to be constantly revisited to stay in tune with current needs, our Road Map must be re-evaluated periodically to make sure we are pursuing the issues of greatest relevance to NSS' vision, and those most in need of our assistance.
Those who were directly involved in the Policy Summit that produced the Road Map felt that it was one of the most meaningful activities that they had been involved with for many years. We owe a debt of gratitude to those 'Summiteers' who spent so much of their own time to achieve this result. We can all now repay that debt by focusing our efforts on bringing down the barriers that they have identified. The road may be long, but at least someone has marked the pathway for us.
The NSS Roadmap to Space Settlement depicts the path currently viewed as leading to realization of our vision. It displays an evolutionary path consisting of major program and policy initiatives, with certain alternatives, and identification of the major barriers to proceeding on the path. The rate of progress is dictated by removal of the barriers, by resources available to the international space development community, by commercial space development, by technical progress, and by political will. NSS recognizes the significance of the barriers to progress on our roadmap, and is dedicated to removing them in the interests of humanity’s long-term future.
Each of the milestones and barriers is discussed elsewhere. Here we describe the roadmap as a whole.
The overall concept of the roadmap is to begin or continue activities that can be started now or are ongoing, to give priority to overcoming the barriers which deter near-term progress, and then to move towards long-term goals in an orderly manner.
Most of the near-term activities are related to technology development, legislation, and knowledge acquisition (the developing space tourism industry, for example, is deeply involved in all three). Two related space mission activities stand out: (1) acquisition of knowledge specific to human spaceflight to learn how to deal with possible biological risks, and (2) acquisition of knowledge specific to settlement by using robotic missions to determine the best targets for human missions beyond Earth orbit. These objectives could in part be built into currently planned missions.
Space tourism is an important step in the direction of making space travel accessible to ordinary people, and NSS advocates removing policy barriers, as well as establishing a pro-active legislation and policy basis, which encourages rather than discourages commercial development of space tourism.
Certain studies are important: particularly to define space transportation and mission architectures appropriate to settlement, and to define how early missions can best achieve technology advancements and demonstrations of settlement self-sufficiency. Space transportation and mission architectures specifically aimed at settlement will be different that those intended mainly for scientific exploration. The most important differences are (1) settlement architectures must drive recurring costs to the lowest practical levels, and (2) self-sufficiency needed for settlement goes far beyond the usual assumption of propellant production, and must be demonstrated to be stable and adequately productive over long periods of time.
Economic feasibility of settlement demands low-cost space transportation (by present standards; a settler who had to pay the ticket price would not think it “low” even if as low as theoretically achievable!). Launch costs need to come down a long way. Commercial launch costs are coming down due to competition in the marketplace, and growth of the commercial market for launches of communications satellites. A rigorous policy that NASA should purchase launch services for human exploration missions to the extent possible (rather than develop a “custom” heavy-lift vehicle) would increase the market for launches in the heavy-lift class (served initially by Atlas V, Delta IV, and future versions of Ariane V), stimulate development of improved heavy-lifters, and help to drive prices down. In fact, government agreement to purchase launches is likely to be essential to the development of such heavy-lift vehicles. Until a suitable commercial vehicle becomes available for carrying people, the NASA shuttle would necessarily continue to fill that role, but NASA should announce a policy to purchase human trips commercially when a suitable launch service becomes available.
The sought for in-space transportation system will surely be fully reusable and employ advanced technology. There are several alternatives, and it is important to select one or more for development early, so that long-range plans can be laid and technology advancement begun. Further, until studies and technology demonstration show that costs commensurate with settlement are reachable, we cannot affirm a policy goal of settlement as other than an ideal.
Let us re-emphasize: While a government-supported scientific base could exist for a very long time on public funds if the prices were right, true settlements require self-sufficiency. We cannot expect governments to accept a perpetual claim on public funds for a space settlement program. This means that settlements, in the long run, must achieve survival and growth almost entirely on indigenous resources, relying on imports only to the extent these are paid for by settlement exports. The underlying technology and operations must be demonstrated as fully capable before human populations beyond Earth are permitted to grow to the point that there is no reasonable way to turn back.
Settlement begins with human missions beyond Earth orbit. While settlement must await great cost reductions in space transportation, the initial missions need not necessarily do so. However, even initial missions need cost reduction, and increased availability of the transport resource, to be able to fit into an overall space program serving recognized needs. Timing of ambitious missions such as these is driven by budget, including competing demands for resources, and political considerations. Since these cannot be forecast accurately, our roadmap does not have a specific timetable.
The capacity of the Moon and Mars to support people is limited. Presently, these capacities are unknown. People have speculated that one billion or so settlers could probably live on Mars without overstressing resources there, assuming enough water is present. The number that could live on the Moon is a good deal less. One of the reasons O’Neill so strongly favored the idea of constructed habitats was that available resources in the solar system, i.e. in the asteroid belts, could permit construction of enough habitats to support many times Earth’s present population.
The eventual goal of space exploration and development is to leave the solar system and travel to the stars. This is by far the most challenging goal on the road map. We cannot today put any sort of schedule to it. For the purposes of the present plan it is sufficient to recognize it as the ultimate goal.
Those elements of the road map that are first steps can begin now or as soon as certain barriers are removed. However, human missions beyond Earth orbit cannot go everywhere at once. Choices must be made where to go first, why, and when. It is tempting to adopt an unwavering position on the subject. However, NSS has avoided doing so.
We recognize that motivations are different for the Moon, Mars, or asteroids. Planetary science and the search for existing or former extraterrestrial life clearly favor Mars. Industrial development and use as an astrophysics platform clearly favor the Moon. Mining for mineral and other resources, and the lack of gravity which reduces fuel costs, may make near-Earth asteroids a better target. Settlement is a legitimate objective for any of these targets, and if successful, greatly reduces the cost for mission accomplishment at other locations. Proper choice of the in-space transportation infrastructure can make all targets accessible.
Determining which motivation takes precedence is a political decision. Our expectation is that a return to the Moon is a prudent first step on the road to Mars. A commitment to go directly to a Mars mission, with a stay on Mars’ surface of a year or more is most likely to be viewed as placing people and their “can’t test them too much” machines on a very unforgiving mission profile. A return must await opening of a low-energy window and then requires many months. By comparison, a return from the Moon can occur almost any time and requires only a few days. Testing other than in the relevant environment and under actual operational conditions is incomplete. An unexpected failure (which might not even be a hardware failure, but an overlooked operational necessity or a human failure) that would likely be fatal on Mars might be recoverable on the Moon.
The final decision, however, is not for NSS to make. It must be made by the scientists, engineers, mission planners, and sponsors of the missions.
<|endofexample|>
Back to Campus Calendar Subscribe to the Calendar
Campus Calendar
Natchitoches Historic Commission Lady Demon Invitational
Mar. 1, 2013
- 12:00pm
Mar. 1, 2013
- 2:30pm
Mar. 1, 2013
- 5:00pm
Northwestern State University hosts the Natchitoches Historic Commission Lady Demon Invitational on the Lady Demon Diamond in Natchitoches, LA.
The match-ups are as follows:
- 3/1 UL-Monroe 12:00pm
- 3/1 UL-Monroe v LA Tech 2:30pm
- 3/1 Alcorn State 5:00pm
- 3/2 Alcorn State v UL-Monroe 10:00am
- 3/2 Alcorn State 12:30pm
- 3/2 Louisiana Tech 3:00pm
- 3/2 LA Tech v UL-Monroe 5:30pm
- 3/3 LA Tech v Alcorn State 10:00am
- 3/3 LA Tech 12:30
<|endofexample|>
You are here
Highlights of the Youth Internet Safety Survey
Publication Types
Publish Date:
2001
Description:
This report examines findings from the Youth Internet Safety Survey. Among the findings: Almost one in five (19%) of young internet users received an unwanted sexual solicitation in the past year.
Highlights of the Youth Internet Safety Survey
Bibliography:
Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention
Filed under
said on 04/12/2011
said on 04/12/2011
said on 04/11/2011
posted on 05/16/2013
posted on 05/13/2013
05/20/2013 - 12:00pm
06/25/2013 - 8:30am
07/09/2013 - 2:00pm
<|endofexample|>
SWOP - NYC
Location
New York, NY
United States
Website:
Contact email:
swank@riseup.net
Voicemail: 347-748-9163
Who do you work with?:
We work with sex workers of all genders and work experiences. Our organisation also includes space for allies (friends, family, social workers, academics, etc.)
How are sex workers involved in your organisation?:
Sex workers are the majority membership as well as the leadership of the organisation, guiding organisational development, goals and:
Access to resources such as legal services and health care; criminalisation
Describe other areas of your work:
SWOP-NYC projects include working on policy campaigns, providing direct support to SWANK (our sex worker-only sibling group), event organising, and other initiatives.
<|endofexample|>
The flight instructor was demonstrating air-taxi maneuvers to the student pilot in a Robinson R-22 helicopter. The instructor slowed the helicopter to about 10 knots ground speed in a descending turn, and oriented the helicopter such that it experienced a tailwind. As the helicopter "settled", the pilot attempted to arrest the descent, but could not, and leveled the helicopter prior to a hard landing. The landing gear subsequently collapsed, the helicopter rolled over, and the main rotor blades contacted the ground. The instructor reported that there were no deficiencies with the performance or handling characteristics of the helicopter.
The National Transportation Safety Board determines the probable cause(s) of this accident to be:
Index for May2006 | Index of months
<|endofexample|>
Gentilly or Not To Be: hype not truth!: There is an abnormal rate of childhood cancers near Gentilly-2.
Fact:: The authors of the study and the German Commission on Radiological Protection have determined that the presence of clusters (or concentrations) of leukemia cases near some German nuclear power plants had nothing to do with the radioactive releases. In fact, some years clusters are observed in different regions of Germany whether they have nuclear power plants or not.
Falsehood #4: All Canadian nuclear waste will be stored in Quebec.
Fact: None of the 19 communities that are currently part of the selection process for the establishment of a nuclear waste storage site in Canada
<|endofexample|>
The Mount Sinai Medical Center's visionary initiatives for Registered Professional Nurses create more reasons to love your nursing career. Our multi-million dollar performance-based incentive program and significant increases in pay and shift differentials are unprecedented. At the first full service hospital in Manhattan to earn the prestigious Magnet award for nursing excellence, our nurses agree Mount Sinai is a remarkable place to work. Combine this with the opportunity to schedule more time off than any other medical center in the metropolitan area, and you'll find new reasons to work here every day.
<|endofexample|>
Reflective practice requires that professionals carefully examine and integrate multiple sources of information when designing intervention and evaluating its effectiveness. This article describes the use of focus group discussion as a form of qualitative research for understanding parents' perspectives of a university-based intervention program designed for young school-age children with challenges in social communication and the development of peer relationships. The focus group discussion was video recorded and analyzed for major themes and subthemes. The findings are discussed in relation to program evaluation and the measurement of meaningful outcomes for children with social pragmatic language impairments and their families.
<|endofexample|>
Breadcrumb Navigation:
Home > Faculty & Staff > Marketing and Communications > Web Services & Digital Media > Tutorials > Podcast
Podcasting
To save these files to your computer, choose the format of your file below, right click on the file icon link and select Save As.
Media Player -
, Quicktime -
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON (AP) — The mother of a 15-month-old boy who died on a court-ordered visit to his father filed a wrongful-death lawsuit Tuesday against the psychologist who sanctioned the visitation.
Hera McLeod of Gaithersburg, Md., filed the $20 million suit in Fairfax County, Va., against Ashburn Psychological Services and psychologist Margaret Wong, alleging professional negligence resulting in the wrongful death of her son, Prince McLeod Rams.
McLeod said at a news conference announcing the suit that Wong's report was instrumental in a judge's decision to grant unsupervised visitation of Prince to his father, Joaquin Rams.
Prince died in October, on the fourth unsupervised visit, and last month, Joaquin Rams was charged with murder by prosecutors in Prince William County, Va. Authorities say he drowned the boy and had taken out life insurance policies on his son totaling more than $500,000.
Authorities say that Prince's drowning has prompted a closer look at two other deaths of people close to Rams: the still-unsolved shooting of his ex-girlfriend Shawn K. Mason in 2003 and the 2008 death of Joaquin Rams' mother, which was classified a suicide.
McLeod objected to turning her son over for unsupervised visitation on concerns that he would be in danger. She says the psychologist ignored clear warning signs that the father was dangerous, including testimony at the custody hearings that Manassas police considered Rams a suspect in Mason's death.
McLeod, a former contestant on the CBS reality show "The Amazing Race," has been vocal in efforts to hold accountable those who she believes failed to protect her son when they had the opportunity, including the judge who granted the visitation. She writes a blog, Cappuccino Queen, that documents her case and her son's short life.
Rams, before he was arrested, responded with a blog of his own, King Latte, in which he leveled his own accusations against McLeod.
McLeod's lawsuit also alleges that Wong ignored a previous psychological examination of Rams that included allegations that he was physically abusive, had pulled a gun on a former girlfriend and had engaged in sexually aberrant behavior.
"I believe this doctor's negligence led to my son's murder," McLeod said, saying it was hard more her to imagine a person more seriously "disordered" than her former fiance.
McLeod acknowledged Rams had a gift for deceiving people, including herself, at least for the first few months of their relationship. But she said that does not excuse Wong from missing obvious signs that Prince would be in danger if Rams were given unsupervised visits.
"The difference is, I'm not a psychologist," McLeod said.
The psychology practice declined comment Tuesday.
The judge in Montgomery County, Md., who heard the custody dispute ordered Rams to get a mental evaluation, but allowed Rams to pick the psychologist. Rams was also the one who paid for the evaluation.
McLeod's attorney, Patrick Regan, said Wong had a duty to prepare a report that would serve the best interests of the child, rather than merely benefiting the person who paid for the evaluation.
Regan said there is a direct link between the faulty psychological report and the judge's decision to grant unsupervised visitation, which resulted in Prince's death.
"If it had been a supervised visitation, it never would have happened," Regan said.
Rams is now in custody pending a formal indictment for Prince's killing.
<|endofexample|>
ORMOND BEACH, Fla. -- Ten years after the 9/11 attacks, government screening has made it harder for foreign students to enroll in civilian flight schools as a handful of the hijackers did,.
Hundreds of U.S. flight schools fiercely compete for students. In Florida, some still pitch the good weather as a way for students to fly more often and finish programs faster. The 9/11 hijackers sought out U.S. schools partly because they were seen as requiring shorter training periods.
Florida schools have reason to be careful: Three of the 9/11 hijackers were simulating flights in large jets within six months of arriving for training in Venice, Fla., along the Gulf Coast. Mohamed Atta, the operational leader of the hijackings, and Marwan al Shehhi enrolled in an accelerated pilot program at Huffman Aviation, while Ziad Jarrah entered a private pilot program nearby.
The terrorists obtained licenses and certifications despite rowdy behavior and poor performance at times.
The U.S. commission that investigated the attacks said in its report that Atta and Shehhi quickly took solo flights and passed a private pilot airman test. The two later enrolled at another school, where an instructor said the two were rude and aggressive, and sometimes even fought to take over the controls during training flights. They failed an instruments rating exam. Undeterred, they returned to Huffman. Meanwhile, Jarrah received a single-engine private pilot certificate.
Hani Hanjour obtained his private pilot license after about three months of training in Arizona. Several more months of training yielded a commercial pilot certificate, issued by the Federal Aviation Administration. In early 2001, he started training on a Boeing 737 simulator. An instructor found his work substandard and advised him to quit, but he continued and finished the training just 5 1/2 months before the attacks, the commission said.
Today, it would be tougher for the four men to enter U.S. flight schools.
There is a stricter visa process for foreign students seeking flight training in the U.S. They cannot start until the Transportation Security Administration, created after Sept. 11 to protect U.S. air travel, runs a fingerprint-based criminal background check with the FBI's help and runs their names against terrorist watch lists. TSA inspectors visit FAA-certified flight schools at least once a year to make sure students have proper documentation verifying their identities and haven't overstayed their visas.
Plus, TSA shares intelligence with other agencies and has other layers of security to catch people before they can do harm even if they slipped through the cracks and were able to get flight training in the U.S.
The stepped-up measures involving flight schools are not foolproof or uniform, however.
There are numerous flight instructors with access to planes and simulators who don't all get an annual TSA visit, and are subject only to random TSA inspections if they train only U.S. citizens. The TSA has access to a database of all student pilots that is maintained by the FAA. But TSA said it only runs the names of U.S.-citizen students against watch lists, and not necessarily before those students can start their programs.
TSA said the fingerprinting and criminal background checks done on foreign students before they can enter U.S. flight schools are not done on U.S. citizens. TransPac Aviation Academy in Phoenix tells domestic applicants they need proof of citizenship, a high school diploma or college transcripts, a medical card, a driver's license and any pilot licenses already held. Other schools do the same, said Tom Lippincott, TransPac's vice president of business development.
And one security measure never employed by the government, despite interest from the 9/11 commission, was requiring that transponders that help officials locate commercial planes can't be turned off as the hijackers did. The FAA said if there is an electrical fire or malfunction, pilots must be able to turn off the transponder for safety reasons.
The shortcomings have led schools to self-police.
Andre Maye, vice president of administration at Phoenix East Aviation in Daytona Beach, pays attention to red flags including inconsistencies in addresses applicants provide and discrepancies on financial statements. He monitors the size of wire transfers from students when they pay for their tuition, which can total $46,000 or more, and looks for consistency in the transactions.
James Coyne, president of the National Air Transportation Association, a trade group for aviation service businesses including flight training companies, said the industry is open to more rigorous and uniform vetting of students.
The safeguards in place haven't deterred foreign students from flocking to the U.S. -- Sunrise Aviation's Murphy said the majority of students are international at many flight schools, including his.
They come because the training industry is more developed and efficient than programs at home. Also, pilot hiring in the U.S. is stagnant, while growth in Asia has fueled a need for pilots there. Students often come to the U.S. with their own money or financing.
Akshai Stephen, 27, of New Delhi, has been at Sunrise about five months. He said the month it took him to go through the approval process and start training didn't discourage him.
"What I thought was, just tell the truth, `I want to fly. I want to fly,"' he said. "If you are truthful and have good intentions, you have nothing to worry about."
Of the 41 recommendations in the 9/11 commission's report, none specifically addressed flight schools. Thomas Kean, the former New Jersey governor who chaired the commission, told The Associated Press the feeling at the time was that the federal government already was working to close that loophole.
Huffman Aviation, where Atta and Shehhi trained, closed after the attacks. Owner Rudi Dekkers said in a recent interview that considering what he knew 10 years ago, there is nothing he could have seen that would have alerted him to what his students were planning.
And despite the enhanced government screening today, he isn't convinced the same thing couldn't happen at another school.
"You have someone who doesn't behave, you think that makes them a terrorist?" Dekkers asked. "Then half the country is a terrorist."
<|endofexample|>
Space shuttle Discovery lands at final home
Was6391988
Credit: AFP/Getty Images
The US space shuttle Discovery sits atop NASA's 747 shuttle carrier aircraft early April 16, 2012 as they are backed away from the mate/demate device at Kennedy Space Center, Florida. The 747 with Discovery aboard will be flown to Washington April 17 for display at the National Air and Space museum. AFP PHOTO/Bruce Weaver (Photo credit should read BRUCE WEAVER/AFP/Getty Images)
<|endofexample|>
GLENDALE, Calif. (AP) — The college football schedule continues tonight with the Fiesta Bowl featuring fifth-ranked Oregon and No. 7 Kansas State in a matchup of 11-1 clubs. The Wildcats and Ducks are both in the top 5 of the BCS standings and have two of the nation's most dynamic offenses, setting up what should be a second straight marquee Fiesta Bowl. K-State features dual-threat quarterback Colin Klein, the Heisman Trophy finalist who threw for 2,490 yards and rushed for 890 more while accounting for 37 TDs.
MIAMI (AP) — Top-ranked Notre Dame and No. 2 Alabama are in Florida and continuing preparations for Monday night's BCS championship game. Both teams arrived in Fort Lauderdale yesterday afternoon for a matchup that was set more than a month ago.
UNDATED (AP) — Only three members of the AP men's basketball poll are slated for action tonight and all of them are in the top 10 of the rankings. No. 2 Michigan takes a 13-0 record to Northwestern for just its second road game of the season. Third-ranked Arizona is at home against Colorado, and No. 10 Gonzaga plays at Pepperdine.
UNDATED (AP) — The NBA once again offers up a limited Thursday schedule with just two games to be contested. The Atlantic-leading New York Knicks will host the Southwest Division-leading San Antonio Spurs, who ride a seven-game winning streak into the Big Apple following last night's win at Milwaukee. And two nights after ending the Los Angeles Clippers' franchise-record 17-game winning streak, the Nuggets will host the Northwest Division-rival Minnesota. Timberwolves.
NEW YORK (AP) — NHL labor talks are scheduled to continue today with the lockout in its 110th day. The NHL and the players' association met deep into Thursday morning after the union made its second counteroffer of the week in an effort to end the season-long lockout. Commissioner Gary Bettman has said that the league told the union a deal needs to be in place by next week so a 48-game season can begin on Jan. 19.
<|endofexample|>
After unveiling new uniforms Tuesday, the Seattle Seahawks disclosed their preseason opponents Wednesday. The Seahawks did not provide dates and times for the contests, but said all games will be broadcast live on KCPQ/Q13 FOX, 710 ESPN Radio and 97.3 FM.
The Seahawks will host the Tennessee Titans in Week 1, followed by road games against former AFC West rivals, Denver and Kansas City.
The Seahawks conclude their preseason against the Oakland Raiders either Aug. 29 or 30.
The Titans feature two players with strong local connections. Starting quarterback Matt Hasselbeck guided the Seahawks from 2001-10, leading Seattle to its only Super Bowl appearance following the 2005 season.
Hasselbeck's backup is Jake Locker, the former University of Washington star (2007-10), who went to the Titans in the first round of the 2011 NFL draft. Given that this will be an exhibition game, Locker could see considerable playing time.The Denver game, to be played between Aug. 16-20, will give the Seahawks their first look at Peyton Manning since his signing with the Broncos last month.2012 Seattle Seahawks Preseason ScheduleDate Opponent TimeAug. 9-13 Tennessee Titans TBDAug. 16-20 at Denver Broncos TBDAug. 23-26 at Kansas City Chiefs TBDAug. 29-30 Oakland Raiders TBD
More Sportspress Northwest
Follow @SportspressNW on Twitter
<|endofexample|>
See photos of the latest catches from Westport
40-pound halibut
Credit: Charter Westport
Sunday May 6th was the 2012 Halibut opener in Westport. The ocean was flat and fishing was fantastic. Doug Heffner of Prescott Arizona landed this Halibut that weighed in at 40 pounds to win his share of the Westport Charterboat Associations Derby. Please contact for more information and a complete list of booking services.
<|endofexample|>
Batavia schools find traces of Legionnaires
BATAVIA – School officials in Batavia say they’ve found traces of the bacteria that can cause Legionnaires’ disease in the northern Illinois community’s schools.
WNIJ Radio reported that the school district has notified parents that a water analysis detected the Legionella bacteria. The contamination was found at Alice Gustafson Elementary School, Batavia High School and Hoover-Wood Elementary School.
Such bacteria are commonly found in water and water fixtures but can cause Legionnaires’ disease in people with weak immune systems. So far, no illnesses have been reported in Batavia.
In a letter to parents, Superintendent Jack Barshinger said he’s consulted with county and state health officials and the district is working to address the problem.
<|endofexample|>
.”
Many businesses included the sale of musical instruments along with the major merchandise offered. The T. J. Gill Jewelry store of Marengo sold pianos along with the jewelry which was its primary business. Phil Starck of Harvard built and sold organs in 1881. Many orchestras, such as Westermans of Woodstock, provided “suitable music for any occasion.” In December 1856 the McHenry County Musical Association held a convention in Woodstock under the direction of William Bradbury of New York which ran for three days.
Pictured is one of many of these musical groups, the Spring Grove Coronet Band.
<|endofexample|>
The page you have requested is only available to paid members of the Northwest Innovation web site. Please login in order to access this members-only content, or become a member.
The Northwest Innovation Venture Database is a searchable database of Pacific Northwest venture deals, companies, and venture capitalists. The database features full profiles of local venture-backed companies, including contact info, names and biographies of key executives, and links to their investors. The database also includes listings of venture firms who invest in Pacific Northwest, and their portfolio companies. The database is up to date with the latest venture rounds, accessible 24x7 from your web browser.
The Northwest Innovation Venture Database is ideal for:
The Northwest Innovation Venture Database includes:
In Depth Profiles
Northwest Innovation's Venture Database features in-depth profiles of companies, including:
Northwest Innovation Northwest Innovation Venture Database is a benefit of becoming a member of Northwest Innovation, which is $24.95 per month.
<|endofexample|>
WESTCHESTER, Ill. | allowing officers to have some alcohol in their systems when they come to work. The blood-alcohol concentrations ranged up to 0.08, or the legal threshold at which drivers in Illinois are considered too intoxicated to drive.
But, according to the report, the departments say that even if they cannot discipline an officer who comes to work after drinking, they would not allow the officer opposed the community's police department contract that allows discipline against officers at .05 alcohol levels, said there was no reason officers should be allowed to drink before coming to work.
"I worry about it every day," Pulia said.
The community's police chief agreed, saying an officer who had been drinking would not be allowed behind the wheel of a squad car.
"We would follow policy and procedure, and that employee would be removed from duty," Chief April Padilik said.
The report said many police departments believe a low level of alcohol should be allowed so officers can have a glass of wine with dinner or take cough medicine.
The Illinois State Police and the Cook County Sheriff's Police prohibit their officers from having any alcohol in their bloodstream.
Experts say such bans are wise, given studies showing that even a small amount of alcohol impairs motor skills.
"There have been literally hundreds of studies since the 1950s," said Dr. David Zich, of Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago. "Even after low levels you cannot reliably perform without impairment."
James Fell, a senior research scientist at the Pacific Institute of Research in Calverton, Md., said "impairment, and especially impairment for driving, starts at the first drink."
One concern is the liability a city might face if one of its officers got into an accident or was involved in an incident with alcohol in his or her system. In Chicago, where the police department sets its blood alcohol level limit at 0.02, the City Council agreed to settle for $4.1 million with the family of a man who was shot to death by an officer who, according to the WMAQ-TV story, "had reportedly been drinking prior to his shift."
<|endofexample|>
INDIANAPOLIS | They came early in the morning and stood in the rain waiting to pass through extremely tight Statehouse security.
Holding signs saying, "No right to work," "I am union" and "Stop the War on Workers," they stood shoulder to shoulder in the marble hallways and sang of "the mighty, mighty union."
And even after a Republican-controlled House committee voted in favor of legislation they believe may destroy union labor in Indiana, the more than 1,000 union workers at the Statehouse on Monday didn't give up -- they cornered lawmakers to talk about what's wrong with right-to-work, they rallied and they prayed.
"We're trying to support our union and keep it strong," said Walter Stephens, of Schererville, a roll grinder at ArcelorMittal Riverdale.
"For over 100 years we've been fighting for union rights; people have died for union rights and collective bargaining. If we didn't have them the corporations would run rampant over the workers, so we're trying to stop that," Stephens said.
But the union steelworker wasn't outside the Indiana Senate just to oppose House Bill 1468, the right-to-work legislation. Stephens said his daughter is a union teacher in Hammond, and Senate Bill 575 threatens to limit teacher collective bargaining to wages and benefits.
He said the steelworkers plan to stay at the Statehouse all week, hoping to derail what they see as anti-union legislation.
State Rep. Dan Stevenson, D-Highland, said the decision by the Republican-controlled General Assembly to position state Capitol police officers at every Statehouse door, including employee entrances, shows Republican disdain for Hoosier union workers.
"In all my years here, I've never seen such security," Stevenson said. "Even through all the terrorism alerts, security has never been this tight."
<|endofexample|>
Business
Berey Bros
7121 Indianapolis Blvd , Hammond, In 46324
219-844-5400
Business Overview.
Special Offers & Events
$10.00 off any purchase over $50.00 at Berey Bros
Not valid with any other offer or promotion
Find Us
Video Profile
Business Hours
Recent Photos
More About Us
About Berey Bros..
<|endofexample|>
Now Playing
Connect with Us
People of Northwest Public Radio
The Two-Way
2:05 pm
Mon June 25, 2012
Paralympic Cyclists Inspire Each Other, And A Documentary
Originally published on Tue June 26, 2012 3:44 am
The opening ceremony of the London 2012 Summer Olympics are just over a month away — leading NPR and other media to cover the intense preparations for the games. That also means the Paralympic Games are on the way, as athletes with physical disabilities round into top form for the Aug. 29 opening day.
One of those athletes is Spain's Juan Jose "Juanjo" Mendez, who trains at the Barclona Velodrome. He's featured in the new documentary Unstoppables, about a team of track cyclists who train and compete together. Many are amputees — Mendez lost an arm and most of a leg in a motorcycle crash, for instance. A clip posted online tells more of their story (and includes a bit of mild profanity).
The documentary also focuses on Elisa Cazalla, Mendez's teammate who had not ridden a bike after cancer caused one of her legs to be amputated.
In the film, Cazalla tells the story of seeing Mendez riding his bike through the city streets several years ago, stopping at traffic lights, all with one arm and one leg.
"If I ever complain again, remind me about this very moment," she recalls saying at the time.
Unstoppables is currently being entered in film festivals. A special 8-minute version of the film's trailer will be shown at this weekend's Bicycle Film Festival.
h/t to Urban Velo.
9(MDA3NTY5MTc2MDEzMDY5NDU2MjQ3NDZhOA001))
<|endofexample|>
In response to:
Man and Superman from the February 3, 1966 issue
To the Editors:
Edmund Leach’s review of my book The Living Races of Man in your February 3 number is inaccurate and silly. He says, for example: “It is to Professor Coon’s discredit that he should seek to support his purportedly scientific classification with 128 photographs in which the Caucasians are posed in shirt-sleeves and ‘civilized’ hair-cuts whereas most of his other categories appear as bare-arsed savages.”
The photographic supplement contains 183 photographs, not 128. None of the persons depicted have haircuts that could not be found on allegedly civilized individuals in London today. If we add conservative to civilized, we find only 15 unusual coiffures, nine of which are on Caucasoid heads and not one on a non-Caucasoid African. As for shirt-sleeves, the upper body is clothed in all but 35 pictures, and in most of these only the face, neck, and portions of the upper chest are showing. Bare female breasts appear in seven, mostly inhabitants of warm regions. Only four are bare-arsed: one Negrito baby whose mother is fully clothed; two pictures of Andamanese; and one of a Hottentot.
Even if Professor Leach’s statement were true, what difference would it make? His argument reminds one of people who propose to put clothing on nude statues.
Aside from scanning the pictures there is no evidence that he read the book except for a few pages of the introduction. Otherwise he could not have failed to see the chapters of genetics and physiology, or to have known that I did not discuss mental agility or musical capacity. His quotation of a sentence from The Origin of Races could not have been taken from the book itself, but only from Montagu’s book, because he repeats Montagu’s error in citing the page. It is not on page 656, as both Montagu and Leach state, but on page 657. This mistake makes a critical difference. Page 656 is about Africa, page 657 about mankind in general. Also Leach’s innuendo that I may have cribbed my ideas about racial classification from the lecture of John Augustine Smith delivered in 1809 is false and misleading. I had never before heard of either Smith mentioned in the review.
His main argument against the pursuit of racial studies is that since everyone belongs to a race, and each person secretly or openly considers his own race superior to all others, all writers on race are therefore “racists” and works such as mine a waste of time. By the same token, Professor Leach participates in a culture, secretly or openly considers that culture superior to all others, and is thus a “culturist.” By his logic, his earlier works, which I have been quoting and recommending for many years as models of procedure and objectivity in cultural anthropology, are also a waste of time. I cannot bring myself to believe that they are and shall go on recommending them.
Carleton S. Coon
Gloucester, Mass.
Edmund R Leach replies:
The issues are so contentious that it is almost impossible to offer criticism without appearing to imply hostility. The point I sought to make that the making of taxonomies is “a waste of time” unless the resulting classification will provoke illuminating questions is a very general one. It has its negative side in that any particular taxonomy tends to inhibit the asking of various kinds of possibly interesting questions. I would criticize all systems of human race classification on both these grounds, namely that by cutting up the human cake into slices as it were they tend to inhibit the asking of precisely those questions about humanity which might be most interesting.
I readily accept the point made at the end of Professor Coon’s letter. As an Englishman speaking English I am a highly prejudiced person who finds it extremely difficult not to believe my English culture is superior to all others. I would on this account deplore any attempt to set up a worldwide classification of cultures on precisely the same grounds that I object to a classification of human races. My writings have been quite consistent on this point since one of the main themes in my anthropological writing has been that the tribal distinctions of ordinary ethnographic literature tend to inhibit precisely the kind of inquiries which are most interesting. This is the main theme of my book Political Systems of Highland Burma.
Although my criticism of Professor Coon’s photographs was exaggerated in its condensation, the point I made is one which I would adhere to. Since the book is concerned with physical anthropology in a strict sense, that is with human beings as physical animals unmodified by culture, the only fair kind of visual comparison would be a set of posed photographs in which the individuals concerned are in the nude with similar haircuts and posed in similar positions. As a student of culture, I am well aware of how tremendously prejudiced people can be about small differences of appearance. In Borneo for example, where the different tribes distinguish themselves by their haircuts, it would be easy to select photographs which would convince the unsuspecting layman that a Kayan was of entirely different “race” from an Iban. Professor Coon himself would not support such an argument; nevertheless by exhibiting photographs in which “Congoids” are naked while “Caucasoids” are clothed, seems to me to lend quite unjustifiable support to the thesis which runs through both his books that Caucasoids are a more developed subspecies of humanity than are Congoids. Had his Europeans been posed naked this impression would not have been given.
The rest of Professor Coon’s letter is surely simply polemic. I have read his earlier work; I did not check Professor Montagu’s page reference; I did not imply that the new book discusses “mental agility and musical capacity,” but only that these are factors which may be worth classifying for some purposes—though they are no more likely to demonstrate the descendants of the “original races of mankind” than are Professor Coon’s own criteria. I did not suppose that Professor Coon was familiar with the work of John Augustine Smith; my point rather was that the illusion that some men are by nature “more brutal” than others is a very ancient dogma and that Professor Coon’s modern-dress version of the story suffers from all the defects of prejudice which have been embedded in the argument right from the start.
<|endofexample|>
Request form for Contemporary Photos
Thank you for your interest in the Parks Department Photo Gallery. Please complete the form below, and a member of our Public Affairs office will contact you about your image or album of interest.
Requested Photo: Brooklyn Parks Borough Commissioner Julius Spiegel
* Required fields
<|endofexample|>
Contact: Altagracia Levat, Office of Public Affairs, 212.431.2325
Scholar and Expert in Education Law; Advocate of Fiscal Equity for New York City Schoolchildren
Print-Quality Photos for Media Use:
NEW YORK, April 10, 2006 --- It is with great sadness that the dean and faculty of New York Law School announce the death of their colleague, Professor Denise C. Morgan. Professor Morgan died April 8 in Chicago after a long illness. She was 41.
“Denise was an amazing woman—kind, energetic, smart, dedicated, committed, and courageous,” said Dean and President Richard A. Matasar. “She was an extraordinary colleague and an inspiration to students and faculty members alike. Our school grew with her and her loss leaves us with a hole in our hearts and a void in leadership that will be difficult to replace.”
Professor Morgan, who taught education policy and the law, federal courts, civil procedure, and a seminar on race and American history, was a passionate advocate of fiscal equity in public education in New York. She represented the Black, Puerto Rican and Hispanic Legislative Caucus, and filed several amicus briefs on behalf of the Caucus in a landmark case against New York State to establish equity in public school funding for New York City’s schoolchildren. The decade-long litigation, Campaign for Fiscal Equity, Inc. v. New York State, which began in 1993 as a constitutional challenge to the state’s method of financing public education, continues today as CFE seeks to force the state to comply with sweeping financing reforms ordered by New York's highest court in 2003.
Prof. Morgan credited her West Indian immigrant parents with instilling in her a deep sense of the value of education: “My parents are immigrants from the West Indies who arrived in this country without a great deal of money, but with very good educations,” Professor Morgan explained in a 2001 interview. “I believe in the power of a strong public education system to create social, political, and economic mobility. I also understand that our public school system has never lived up to its full potential—that’s what drives my work.”
Before joining the New York Law School faculty in 1995, Professor Morgan, who received both her B.A. and her J.D. from Yale University, clerked for the Honorable Marilyn Hall Patel, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, and then joined Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton as an associate. It was at Cleary that she started working on a pro bono case that inspired her research into public school finance litigation.
Prof. Morgan wrote extensively about civil rights and equal educational opportunity, covering such topics as single-sex schools and desegregation law. Her most recent scholarly work focused on the role that the federal government plays in protecting individual rights, especially those rights that facilitate the belonging of outsiders in the national community. Professor Morgan argued that recent Supreme Court decisions would leave a detrimental impact on the enforcement of those rights. She was the author of numerous articles and principal editor of Awakening from the Dream: Civil Rights Under Siege and the New Struggle for Equal Justice (2005).
Prof. Morgan is survived by her husband Eric Wold, their daughter Sylvan, and her mother and father Coralee and John Morgan.
A memorial service will be held in New York City. Details about the memorial, and an educational trust fund to be established for her daughter Sylvan, will be available from Associate Dean Joan Fishman by e-mail to jfishman@nyls.edu. [Contact correction.] Taxation.
# # #
<|endofexample|>
Last Updated: 12:00 PM, February 4, 2013
Posted: 10:26 AM, February 4, 2013
Justin Timberlake had to do a little damage control after word got out that he reportedly called his former girlfriend Britney Spears a “bitch.”
The “Suit & Tie” singer allegedly made the inflammatory comment at a pre-Super Bowl concert in New Orleans on Sunday before singing his 2002 hit “Cry Me a River,” which was said to be inspired by his split from Spears when she allegedly cheated on him with her choreographer Wade Robinson.
After introducing the song, he allegedly said: "Sometimes in life, you think you found the one. But then one day you find out that she is just some bitch."
After coming under fire from the Twitterverse, Timberlake, who is now married to Jessica Biel, insisted that he meant no “disrespect.”
He tweeted, "Ok. I see you. Wouldn't disrespect ANYONE personally. Ever. #Relax #ItsBritneyBitch I do love that saying though *with accent* #Respect"
As Page Six revealed today, sources say Timberlake was paid $3 million to perform at the star-studded DirectTV Super Bowl party. He gave the entire sum to Shriners Hospital for Children.
The former boybander performed an hour-long concert — his first live show in years — backed by a 10-piece band with guest appearances by Timbaland and Jay-Z.
<|endofexample|>
Last Updated: 3:46 PM, November 17, 2012
Posted: 1:35 AM, November 17, 2012
It has been a long week for the Jets.
Really, it has been a long month.
Going on a long year.
The Jets this week wasted valuable time in damage control over a report quoting players and team officials ripping Tim Tebow when they really needed every second of every day to figure out how they’re going to tackle Rams running back Steven Jackson or cover receiver Danny Amendola tomorrow in St. Louis.
Their last win came 34 days ago.
The Jets are 3-9 in their last 12 games, dating back to last season, damning evidence of a bad team getting worse.
If the Jets, who have lost five of their last six games, do not come away from St. Louis with a victory over the Rams they quickly will realize this about the needless drama that dominated their locker room this week: They ain’t seen nothin’ yet.
If the Jets thought the heat was intense inside their locker room this week with the Tebow nonsense, it is poised to get worse. A lot worse.
This is what happens to teams that talk a big game and are essentially eliminated from playoff contention before Thanksgiving Day turkeys are carved.
“We need a win desperately,’’ coach Rex Ryan said yesterday. “We’re desperate for a win. We have goals to make the playoffs so we have no choice: We have to win. There is no tomorrow. We need a win.’’
If the 3-6 Jets do not beat the 3-5-1 Rams there no longer will be talk of playoffs and how they’re still alive, how they still can make a run, still get hot.
No. A loss in St. Louis turns the Jets into a cold case — with 2012 filed away as the 43rd consecutive season without as much as a Super Bowl appearance.
There, too, is so much more indignity that potentially awaits the Jets with a loss tomorrow.
The Rams, whose last win came 10 days before the Jets’ last win, on Oct. 4, are not exactly one of the league’s powerhouses.
And Brian Schottenheimer, the former Jets offensive coordinator who was the scapegoat for last season’s failure to make the playoffs, lies in wait as the Rams’ offensive coordinator.
Based on the Jets’ unimaginative, faltering offense, ranked 30th in the NFL, new offensive coordinator Tony Sparano has made Schottenheimer look like a cross between Bill Walsh and Don Coryell, leaving the same Jets fans who were chanting for Schottenheimer’s firing suddenly wistfully recalling his creative game plans and wishing he were still here.
Imagine if Schottenheimer’s offense makes Ryan’s defense look silly tomorrow and stamps 30 on them. Wouldn’t that be something?
A loss would leave the Jets at 3-7, in a four-game losing streak freefall (the longest of the Ryan tenure) with a Thanksgiving night game against the Patriots awaiting at MetLife Stadium, where the natives who bother to show up will have more malice for the home team than their hated AFC East rivals.
So after a week of locker-room turmoil caused by some preposterous remarks from anonymous players and team officials ripping a backup quarterback who is barely in on enough plays to make the box score, the Jets finally play a football game tomorrow.
They get a chance to remain relevant into the early part of the holiday season.
They get a chance to prove they’re as tight-knit a team as Ryan insists they are.
They get a chance to show they’re not “terrible,’’ like the anonymous numbskull in that published report, who happens to be a defensive starter, called Tebow. (Would someone please pass that player a mirror?).
There is only one thing that can cure what ails the Jets right now.
“We have to get a win,’’ Ryan said.
Ryan said it feels like “forever’’ since the Jets’ last win, an Oct. 14 rout of the Colts that injected such hope into the season before it all went bad.
“Everybody knows we still have a chance,’’ safety Eric Smith said yesterday. “We know we’re not out of it at this point. We still have some life.’’
That life, however, is fading fast.
mark.cannizzaro@nypost.com
<|endofexample|>
...
Last night was, once again, a mixed bag of flaming poop and amazing moments on "American Idol" as the contestants were asked to select songs from the year they were born. My back began to ache as soon as I realized that only one contestant -- Danny Gokey -- was actually older than me. Pass the strained peas please!
I've already addressed the Adam Lambert dilemma, so this will be 100 percent about the artistry, the amazing moments and the anger I feel toward Lil Rounds.
Last week: 2
Don't know what to say about Adam Lambert that I haven't already stated. Brilliant? Covered it. Original? Been there. A star? Done and done.
So let's just leave it at this: Adam is going to win this competition! Season eight of "Idol" is no longer a contest, it's a race for second. His variations on "Mad World" made the popular song sound new, fresh and totally original.
Last week: 3
While Allison is still struggling with her personality and fashion choices, there is never any debate when it comes to her voice. She's another artist this season who, with simple vocal intonation alterations, makes every song sound like it was written specifically for her.
Even a song like "I Can't Make You Love Me," that has been sung six ways to Sunday, felt young and fun, despite its dreary lyrics.
Last week: 9
I'm glad that Matt wasn't sent home last week because his funkified rendition of "Part-time Lover" was gorgeousness personified.
My big problem with Matt is that he tends to lead himself astray so often while attempting to give the judges what they want. But kudos to the Justin Timberlake clone for being able to course correct so swiftly and efficiently.
Last week: 8
Simon Cowell called Anoop a "musical yo-yo" for his habit of being amazing one week and abysmal the next. This week, his performance of "True Colors" got love from the judges, the audience and me!
But, like Simon, I do worry for 'Noop Dog's longevity since consistency is one of the most crucial elements of being successful -- not just on this show, but in the real music world as well.
Last week: 1
I hate when my favorites take a tumble. Especially when they're on a roll, like Kris. But it's fine -- being a star is all about picking yourself up after a fall, right Beyonce?
And while I doubt Kris will have any problem moving on from "All She Wants to Do Is Dance," I fear for the next contestant placed in that people pit. It's like a bad luck charm following Matt's bad performance there last week and Kris' this week.
Last week: 4
I'm officially over Danny Gokey. He is totally uninspired and brings nothing new to the table. It's like a bad marriage -- you know exactly what they're going to say and do. The magic is gone.
I'd love for Danny to change my mind, but picking songs like "Stand By Me" certainly ain't going to make me want to renew our vows.
Last week: 6
From the moment it was announced that Lil would be singing "What's Love Got To Do With It," I decided that she and I were done professionally. Thanks Christian Bale!
Another wrong song, another whatever performance and another week where Lil promised to America that if they kept her around, she'd give the judges what they want. Guess what, I'm no longer buying it. And by "it" I mean whatever CD you churn out after being eliminated from the show.
Last week: 5
Could this be it? Is the week when Scott's finally booted from the competition upon us? I think so! Not only did he sound like a screeching banshee throughout most of "The Search Is Over," but by facing the camera -- head on -- he gave perhaps the most awkward performance in the history of the show. Not his fault, just saying.
Also, when the judges resort to critiques that are basically, "You sounded terrible, but kudos on being blind and not sitting behind the piano," it's time to pack up your hot brother and go home.
Who do you think will be singing for their lives tonight?
Photo: Fox
<|endofexample|>
Related articles:
Bee Lovely – a brand new buzz for 2012
NYR Natural News
Back by popular demand, Neal’s Yard Remedies has relaunched its Bee Lovely campaign which aims to highlight the alarming decline bees in the UK.
Last year the campaign won a Silver Award at the prestigious International Green Awards for helping to raise awareness of the pesticide threat to our bees.
This year the campaign – which goes into full swing August 15 – aims to build on the momentum of last year’s award winning campaign by informing, inspiring and empowering people to help fight to save our precious pollinators. Here’s what you can expect…
Sign the Bee Lovely Petition
As well as raising awareness for the plight of the bees, the Bee Lovely campaign will re-open a petition to ban the use of powerful pesticides, in particular the neonictinoids (neonics) insecticides in the UK.
Using new technology, neonics penetrate the plant and attack the nervous system of insects that feed off them – posing a deadly threat to all pollinators. Neonics are 7000 times more toxic than DDT, a chemical pesticide the UK government banned in 1984. Find our more in our special guide The Problem with Pesticides and Neonicotinoids.
Last year over 92,000 people worldwide signed the petition and this year we need even more people to join the campaign.
The petition which is awaiting your signature now and will be taken to Downing Street when it reaches 100,000 UK signatures. Supporters will be able to sign it either in person at NYR stores nationwide or online.
Read the Bee Lovely and Help Save the Bees Book
Guest edited by campaigner Sam Roddick, the exclusive Bee Lovely and Help Save the Bees book will coincide with the launch of the new Bee Lovely Range of products (see below).
The Bee Lovely and Help Save the Bees Book details the problems facing UK bees and the reasons why they are disappearing.
It addresses the issues surrounding pesticides and the affects they are having on our natural pollinators, highlighting steps the public can take to help re-generate the UK bee population.
The Bee Lovely and Help Save the Bees book is available free to all customers in NYR stores nationwide from August.
Make the world a little bit more bee friendly
Bees need to forage and that means we need many more wild, unpolluted places with enough food to support them. They also need safe places to live. Our top tips to support our bees include:
- Nettles are great for bees, the flowers provide nectar for them while the rest of the garden is still waking up.
- Plant fruit trees. The bees get nectar from the beautiful blossom, and you get delicious home-grown fruit.
- Try putting up a Bee House in your garden to attract Mason Bees.
- Download our special guide to Bee-friendly Plants.
An easy way to donate to bee-friendly causes
Last year hrough sales of our Bee Lovely handcream we raised £13,460 for our partner charities Buglife, Landlife and Pesticide Action Network UK .
This year we have a new Bee Lovely range which includes the new Bee Lovely Busy Bee Balm, Bath & Shower Gel, Body Lotion and Hand Wash join the much-loved Bee Lovely Hand Cream to create the first ‘Neal’s Yard Remedies family range’ suitable for adults and children aged 3 years and over.
Each product in the Bee Lovely range is Soil Association certified, and features a beautiful blend of organic bee-friendly honey and energising organic orange and mandarin essential oils.
A proportion of the money earned from the sale of these products will go to help save our precious bees that, along with other pollinators, keep our diets healthy and make the world a more beautiful place to live. Our 2012 Bee Lovely partner charities are:
Biobees
We will be supporting their ‘Bee-Friendly Zone’ project, helping to create safe, pesticide-free areas across the UK where bees and other insects can nest and forage for pollen and nectar.
Landlife
We will be supporting a project to create a matrix of ‘bee refuges’, including wild flower patches and foraging sites across the UK – some of which are 100 acres in size!
Friends of the Earth
We will be supporting their Bee Cause campaign which aims to introduce 60 bee-friendly meadows across the UK, as well as supporting educational activities such as Bee Walks in local communities.
Introducing the Bee Lovely Grant
In addition to our three bee lovely partners, 2012 sees the introduction of the Neal’s Yard Remedies Bee Lovely Grant which aims to provide support for local bee-friendly initiatives across the UK and applications will be accepted online and in-store.
You can be sure we’ll be busy saving the bees this year. Please join us and help make this the most successful campaign ever.
<|endofexample|>
Amazon.com Inc., the Internet's largest retailer, named Joseph Galli, a former top executive at Black & Decker, as its first president and chief operating officer.
Mr. Galli, 41, begins immediately and will report to the founder and chief executive, Jeff Bezos, 35. Mr. Galli was president of Black & Decker's global power tools and accessories unit, where he built up its successful DeWalt tool line, until resigning in April.
Amazon.com is expanding its management team as it spends millions of dollars to develop new products and advertise its brand. Mr. Galli's experience at Black & Decker in managing a large business with a brand name will be a big asset to Amazon.com, analysts said.
The move represents a quick change of heart for Mr. Galli. On Wednesday, he accepted the job of president and chief executive of Frito-Lay North America, Pepsico's domestic snack-food division. On Thursday, his lawyer told Pepsico that Mr. Galli had changed his mind and would instead go to Amazon.com, a Pepsico spokesman said.
<|endofexample|>
Larry Smith, who followed two bowl seasons with two losing seasons, was fired Saturday night after seven years as the University of Missouri coach. The dismissal came after the Tigers' 28-24 home loss to Kansas State that ended a 3-8 season.
It was the latest in a series of embarrassing setbacks for Missouri, including losses this year to Clemson (by 62-9), Texas (47-12) and rival Kansas (38-17). Smith, 61, who had three years to go on his contract, finished his career at Missouri with a 33-46-1 record.
MARYLAND COACH FIRED: Ron Vanderlinden was fired yesterday as Maryland's coach, one day after the team ended its fourth straight losing season. Maryland's 35-22 home loss to Georgia Tech capped a 5-6 season and ran Vanderlinden's career record with the Terps to 15-29.
<|endofexample|>
1.15
The participants involved in activities related to health care (whom we shall call here the actors), both in the health system itself and in the support systems, may be institutions, public or private agencies, or individuals. Some of them directly provide health services (e.g. nurses or doctors). Others work in areas in which certain aspects are relevant to health - they are indirect providers of care. They may belong to interprofessional groups which include health personnel, or occupy positions in which they are natural partners in dialogue or collaboration with health professionals (e.g. agronomists).
Then there are the users of the health services. Some will have occasional recourse to competences in the area of health (e.g. school-age children) while others will be more regular users (e.g. diabetics). Dialogue between all these users and providers will produce valuable feedback for those whose task it is to design training programmes for health personnel.
These actors are very numerous. We shall nevertheless attempt to identify them, simply in order to understand how important and necessary it is that there should be dialogue between them and how difficult and complex this is likely to be.
Personal notes
1.16
EXERCISE
1.17
For each of the high priority health problems (column 1) you listed previously (page 1.09), state the support systems concerned in your country (column 2); the providers of direct (column 3) or indirect (column 4) care and the occasional (column 5) or regular users (column 6).
There are nearly always more actors involved than you might expect! Compare your list with the list on the next page... and draw your own conclusions.
EXERCISE
1.18
Now examine the long list of actors1 reproduced below (for an example comprising only two health problems).
- Underline those you mentioned in the previous exercise;
- Place brackets round the actors you did not mention and relate them to the particular health problem(s) which concern them.
1 Drawn up by a group of participants in the Community Health Course, Faculty of Medicine University of Geneva, Switzerland, 1989.
<|endofexample|>
New Zealanders don't much like the idea of selling off big chunks of their energy companies and national airline - but if the Government proceeds with the sale, they want a piece of the action.
A Key Research poll, commissioned by the Herald on Sunday, reveals almost 60 per cent of respondents would like to buy shares in Mighty River, Genesis, Meridian, Solid Energy and Air New Zealand.
It comes after the Government tried to shore up support for its beleaguered asset sales strategy by proposing a "loyalty share" for Kiwi mum-and-dad investors who buy shares and hold on to them.
Nearly two-thirds of New Zealanders still oppose the sales, the survey shows, and that is reflected in the mounting numbers of signatures on a petition to force a citizen-initiated referendum. The petition is being promoted by a wide-based coalition: Labour, NZ First, the Greens and interest groups ranging from student associations to Grey Power.
Spokesman Roy Reid said 95,000 people's signatures had been counted so far, and he estimated up to 50,000 more were on petition forms that had not yet been returned to be counted.
The growing opposition to the asset sales may be reflected in support for Labour and the Greens, each of whom has gained three percentage points of support since the election. That takes Labour to 30.4 per cent and the Greens to 14.8.
The final vote on the Mixed Ownership Member Bill is to take place in Parliament on Tuesday. Last night, Green co-leader Metiria Turei warned the Government they had no mandate to pass it into law.
She understood why people might want to buy the shares, just to keep them in New Zealand hands. "New Zealanders understand that these are shares in profitable, stable companies, but that is why they should stay in public ownership, not private ownership.
"I wouldn't buy these shares on principle. I consider that I already have shares in these companies and they are being taken from me by force and without consent."
The poll shows National holding its support with 47.9 per cent, but NZ First, Mana and Act have all taken a big hit. Peter Dunne's United Future didn't even register.
What this means is that if an election were held tomorrow and party leaders like Dunne, Hone Harawira and John Banks held their stronghold seats, National could still lead a government. But if NZ First were to squeak back in, either by winning an electorate or increasing their party vote, then it would be anyone's game. The Labour-led and National-led blocs would hold 60 seats apiece, and two or three Maori Party MPs would hold the balance of power.
John Key was firm on the partial asset sales this week. "On the mixed-ownership model debate, the Government has been very clear about its intentions since well before the 2011 election," he said.
Yesterday, his spokeswoman welcomed the poll result. "The poll shows investors are interested in exploring the option of investing in assets under the mixed-ownership model, where the Government retains 51 per cent majority ownership and control," she said.By Jonathan Milne @JonoMilne Email Jonathan
<|endofexample|>
Tony Iro said to be considering other clubs after coach decision, write Paul Lewis and Andrew Alderson
One of the first priorities for new coach Matthew Elliott will be to help keep Tony Iro - the man the players preferred - at the Warriors.
There is now be a real chance that Iro will leave the club, even though Elliott has been reported as saying he wants him to stay and that the assistant coach's job is Iro's if he wants it. Elliott has also said he wants two assistant coaches and has someone else in mind for the other slot.
Elliott says: "I look forward to working with Tony. I won't be inhibiting his ability. I will be empowering him to carry on. If we put humility aside for a moment too, I've assisted five or six guys to go on to be head coaches."
Being passed over for the top job is one thing but insiders say that Iro has had to exist in an information-free zone as the coaching appointment was made around him. Some say he thinks he has been treated poorly in the process.
The Herald on Sunday also understands that Iro has offers from other NRL clubs and from the UK - and could now be considering another job, especially if the assistant's space is to be shared with someone else.
But it may be important for unity at the club for the Warriors to keep Iro, popular as he is with the players, and the club may be prepared to throw some of their cash at him to persuade him to stay. Money would seem to be their major weapon, that and the loyalty that Iro and the current players have to each other. However, the Warriors may struggle if Iro is unhappy with how he has been handled during the whole coaching saga.
He would again be effectively an assistant to Elliott, no matter what new title may be bestowed on him, and that may seem to him as if he is an apprentice whose apprenticeship will never end at the Warriors. A fresh club, even as an assistant coach, would at least offer the career path Iro desires.
There is a further probable departure which could create waves among the player base - high performance manager/skills coach/head trainer Craig Walker is reportedly on his way out of the Warriors. Rightly or wrongly, Walker appears to have borne some of the burden for the Warriors' perceived lack of conditioning under previous coach Brian McClennan.
The problem for the club is that Walker, like Iro, is highly regarded by the current Warriors players.
Overblown reports from Australia had Elliott walking into a "player revolt". While that is highly unlikely, the players were surprised and discomfited by news of Elliott's appointment and Walker's probable loss.
It was clearly a surprise to Warriors player Elijah Taylor when an Australian reporter asked for his reaction to the news of Elliott's appointment a day before the announcement. Taylor - and others - were expecting Iro to get the job.
Elliott thus has an interesting job to keep the dressing room onside, especially as some reports of his earlier coaching career maintain he lost the dressing room at Penrith. Other sources say the Roosters were not sorry to see him go from the assistant's job there.
Meanwhile, Elliott's unveiling on Friday brought to mind the image of an iceberg. It gave the impression only around 10 per cent of the whole coaching appointment escapade could be seen above the surface. The remainder was hidden in opaque depths. The conference also had an impenetrable surface if responses to questions were an indication. Little was given away by the fronting trio of co-owner Owen Glenn, chief executive Wayne Scurrah and Elliott.
Matters took on a touch of the surreal from the outset. Scurrah's opening address said, "contrary to reports in the newspaper, Matthew was not the last man standing, he was the person we wanted and the person we got at the end of the process. Media were picking a different guy every day - we got the guy we wanted though."
"We didn't want to leave a stone unturned ... he (Elliott) was probably not, um, ah, ah, a leading candidate at the start ... because no-one was. Then we had the first interview and progressively whittled down the list.
"We met every player, took their views on board and consulted with the captain, but this is not a players' choice. This is a choice the club must drive, the board, the owners and senior management. We've got to be in charge and make an appointment for the whole club, not just the squad at the time."By Andrew Alderson Email Andrew, Paul Lewis Email Paul
<|endofexample|>
Some time-strapped house-hunters frustrated by Auckland's booming housing market are turning to expert services to secure their property investments.
A growing number of buyers are cutting the stress of house-hunting by employing buyer's agents to handle the entire sale process.
While estate agents make their money by working on the seller's behalf, a buyer's agent is paid by and works solely for the buyer.
Auckland-based Erskine+Owen, which specialises in finding and negotiating properties for buyers, has doubled its client base in the past eight to 12 months as people compete for houses.
Erskine+Owen director Alan Henderson said the company was dealing with between 50 and 100 clients a week.
About half the clients were overseas investors and there had been a huge increase in the number of first-home buyers wanting help.
"It's mainly people that are time poor and don't have the expertise and don't have the information," Mr Henderson said.
The company charges about $11,000 for a comprehensive package which includes arranging finance, telling clients where to buy, finding properties and negotiating.
Aucklander Richard Cuttriss contracted Erskine+Owen last year when he gave up on buying a house in the central city and his bank manager recommended he use a buyer's agent to find investment property.
"I don't know how a house's value is determined. I go along to the real estate agent and will say, 'How much is this worth?' and they say, 'Well, what is it worth to you?' and I don't know," the 37-year-old said.
Mr Cuttriss used a buyer's agent to purchase his first rental property in Glendene last year and a second in Otahuhu this year, paying between $300,000 and $400,000 for each.
"It's been too easy. Some people enjoy going out and visiting open homes and going through the whole negotiation process and getting in and doing the renovation work and I'm not interested in any of that," Mr Cuttriss said.
Harcourts New Zealand chief executive Hayden Duncan said there were few buyer's agents in New Zealand because buying a house was relatively straightforward.
Buyer's agents were more popular in Australia, Britain and the United States, he said.
Real Estate Institute of New Zealand chief executive Helen O'Sullivan said buyer's agents were creeping into the industry but she felt it would always be a niche market.
Some of the larger real estate agencies had buyer's agents who worked with buyers to help them find the right properties but were linked with experienced sales agents. The buyer was not charged a fee and instead the vendor commission was shared so they were legally obliged to work for the seller.By Nikki Preston Email Nikki
<|endofexample|>
A National OA Conference is about having a great time, and
also learning new ideas and skills to take back home and
improve your lodge. Lodge Web Sites play an integral part
in your lodge's communication with both members and non-members.
Your lodge's presence on the web needs to be up to date,
accurate, and follow the guidelines for OA web pages.
The purpose of the Lodge Web Site Competition is to foster
new ideas and give positive feedback on your lodge's web
site by experienced web authors. Winning lodges will receive
an exclusive "NOAC 2002 Honor Site" logo to be
displayed on their site.
Web sites in the competition will be judged on three
basic principles:
PERCEPTION (Layout, Design, Navigation)
INFORMATION (Current data, Council/Lodge Information,
Contact Information, Organized)
GENERAL (Web site follows national OA web site
guidelines, has links to appropriate Section/Region/National
sites)
The following are the key points of the 2002 NOAC Web Competition:
[Communications Committee Info]
Revised 04/23/02.
<|endofexample|>
Q. What is a Key Volunteer in the Order of the Arrow national
structure?
A. A Key Volunteer is an adult Arrowman who one of the Vice
Chairman of the National Order of the Arrow Committee could not accomplish his
goals without. They are members of the sub-committee that their Vice Chairman
leads and come from all over the country to achieve the specific objectives of
that work group in support the Order of the Arrow Strategic Plan…each of them is
appointed in May at the National Meeting, after they have submitted their goals
to the Vice Chairmen. Appointment is for a one year term, allowing them to wear
the Order of the Arrow Sub-Committee pocket flap during that period from May to
May. Key Volunteers form the basic group of support for the activities of the
National Order of the Arrow program and recent appointments to the National
Committee have come from their ranks.
Revised 7/04/2011
<|endofexample|>
Presenting several promises to purchase
Procedure to follow when several promises to purchase are presented to the selling client concurrently.
Standard clause.
The impact of email and fax on a real estate transaction
Procedure when concluding a brokerage contract or promise to purchase by fax.
The promise to purchase
When the promise to purchase is drafted, the real estate broker or agent must discuss with the buyer each phase of the buying process. This step must include an analysis of the buyer's needs and objectives and an evaluation of his financial capacity. It is up to the broker or agent to ensure that the buyer clearly identifies what he is seeking in accordance with his means.
<|endofexample|>
« Previous 1 2 3 4 Next »
“Be the change you want to see in the world.” (Ghandi) “Champions aren’t made in gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them-a desire, a dream, a vision…they have to have the skill and the will. But the will must be stronger than the skill.” (Mohammed Ali) “The greatest mistake a man can make is being afraid to make one.”
<|endofexample|>
Frogskins® Summit Collection
SKU# 24-344
Order By Phone: 1.800.403.7449.
SKU# 24-344, we chose Pink Iridium to give you better contrast in weak sunlight..
Each sunglass comes with a Microclear™ masterpiece — a storage bag with custom Oakley art. A special textile ensures it’s gentle on lenses, so it’s handy for keeping the optics clean.
Frame:
Lenses:
<|endofexample|>
InterContinental Hotels Group
Currency Converter
As exchange rates may fluctuate from the time a reservation is made until the actual stay, all confirmed rates are guaranteed in the hotel's base currency.
All information is presented here for informational purposes only.
InterContinental Hotels Group offers no warranty, express or implied, as to the usability, validity, or accuracy of the data presented by this service.
<|endofexample|>
Jeans, forever myth of blue style.No matter whatever the style a woman likes, she can always find a suitable pair of jeans for herself. Producer of 《The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants》 said: "I believe that to find a perfect pair of jeans is every woman's dream." Every woman's wardrobe needs to have a lot of jeans, retro charm of bell-bottoms, cute spindly-legs jeans, casual taste of straight jeans, jeans ... No more "pants" can bring self-confidence of youth and vitality to women than jeans. Angelababy, Jessica Alba, Charlize Theron, and many polular stars show the amazing feeling of jeans by their own experience, classic style will never fade! Take a look, find your perfect jeans!
<|endofexample|>
for Selekta
Iwe!!!!!!!!!!!! as you'd say. I can't get over this play!
"See, how she leans her cheek upon her hand!
O that I were a glove upon that hand,
That I might touch that cheek!"
"Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from their books,
But love from love, toward school with heavy looks."
"Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Turn back, dull earth, and find thy centre out."
"Come, gentle night, come, loving, black-brow'd night,
Give me Romeo; and, when he shall die,
Take him and cut him out in little stars,
And he will make the face of heaven so fine
That all the world will be in love with night
And pay no worship to the garish sun."
CAN YOU HANDLE?!!!!!!! I wish I could write like this. Man!
...
Romeo
"...And, touching hers, make blessed my rude hand.
Did my heart love til now? forswear it, sight!
For I ne'er saw true beauty 'til this night."
 sinners (hmm?).
...
Romeo
...Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged.
Juliet
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
Romeo
Sin from lips? o trespass sweetly urged!
Give me my sin again.
...
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIWWWWWWWWEEEEE
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
out of my mind... back in 5 minutes.
i'm not afraid of death, i just dont wanna be there when it happens.
<|endofexample|>
LINK Associates International
Since 1986, LINK, now an O'Brien's company, has been delivering first class consultancy and training in business continuity, crisis management, corporate communications, emergency, media, and safety.
In the UK and across the world, LINK will enable your people to bring your business through a crisis. In our unique training centers in London and Derby, or on site, our consultants will combine teaching skill with practical experience to appraise your staff's response to detailed scenarios and enable them to develop their skills through practice.
We can help you to:
- Deliver training for your staff to agreed levels of competence
- Develop systems and procedures for planning, response and management
- Enhance corporate communication systems to manage the media
- Sense early warning signs of reputation risks
- Evaluate and improve safety management systems
- Measure success from workshops, drills and exercises
- Gain value from large scale simulated exercises
O'Brien's do Brasil
In 2011, O’Brien’s and Brazil’s EnvironPact and OceanPact, formed a joint venture named O’Brien’s do Brasil SA. The joint venture provides all of its parent company’s consulting, emergency and environmental services for international oil companies and other industrial sectors operating throughout Brazil.
O'Brien's do Brasil assists clients in achieving maximum resiliency by enabling them to better prepare, respond, communicate and recover. We provide a full suite of emergency and crisis preparedness, response and communications services, all with the benefit of the U.S. operations’ actual incident management experience.
O’Brien’s do Brasil’s specific services and products include:
- Preparing regulatory plans
- Instructing emergency and crisis training
- Communications solutions
- Conducting exercises
- Assisting and managing incident response
- Technology solutions including CommandPro® , ePlanPro® and PIER
PIER Systems
PIER Systems, acquired by O'Brien's in 2009, offers an all-in-one, web-based solution for crisis communications management, mass notification, public and media relations, employee communications, business continuity and more.
PIER evolved out of the response to a large-scale industrial accident in the Pacific Northwest US in 1999. It was clear communicators at that time were not equipped to meet the rising demand for instant information via the Internet. PIER formed in August 2000 and is continuously evolving to accommodate today's latest technologies.
PIER is used by many Fortune 500 companies and leading organizations including the American Red Cross, BP, Boeing, NASA, USDA, and the US Coast Guard. PIER's robust features provide the technology needed to communicate during routine events, minor incidents and major catastrophes affecting employees, the public, investors, the media, and other key stakeholders.
SEACOR
Founded in 1989 on the principles of operational quality, safety and protection of the environment, SEACOR strives to provide its customers with a highly responsive service focused on innovative technology, modern efficient equipment and dedicated, highly trained professionals.
SEACOR, O'Brien's parent company, employs over 5,000 individuals who support operations that span the globe with offices and joint ventures in the United States, Latin America, Europe, West Africa, the Middle East and Central and Southeast Asia. With its diversified family of companies worldwide, SEACOR has the global strength and flexibility of resources to provide customers with the highest level of local service.
As an innovative company and market leader, SEACOR continues to expand and improve the services provided both within and beyond its core businesses. SEACOR is accomplished at partnering with other companies and customers around the world to achieve client objectives. SEACOR's diversified commercial organization, financial flexibility and operational expertise provides international reach and resources for organizations choosing to broaden their business horizons.
<|endofexample|>
Observations: Like it used to be
I think the pace of change accelerates with each passing day — and much of that change isn’t for the better. The cost of food is going up while the portions go down (yeah, those new 20 packs of diet soda sure are cute, and so is the price, which is the same as what a 24-pack used to be), the price of gas is frightening, the employment picture is nerve-wracking and politicians say one thing and do another. Oh wait, that last one isn’t a change. They’ve always done that.
Regardless, I wonder how long this can continue. Last week I had to ship a small package, normally not a big deal, but when I saw the price, I was tempted to ask if they offered financing. Money, money, money — it’s flying out of my wallet at a record pace but going in at the same old plodding pace that it always has. Well, like the politicians, at least some things never change. So, I have that going for me.
Actually, there are a lot of things that haven’t changed, and I’ve been surprised the past few weeks to find a couple of them.
A while ago my wife told me her watch needed a new battery. That shouldn’t be a problem, but the last time I needed a new watch battery I went to buy one at a ginormous superstore. After walking the miles of aisles to the jewelry counter, I was told I could buy the battery, but they would not put it in, despite having the necessary tools to do so. OK, fine, could I borrow the tool for a moment?
I swear to you the woman growled at me in response. She then eyed me for a while as though I were a potential terrorist, intent on using the little watch tool to blow up the store. She very reluctantly handed over the tool (only after I paid for the battery, of course) and then watched me like a hawk. There was no doubt in my mind that if I chose that moment to go insane and run willy-nilly through the store brandishing the little watch tool, I would be shot dead before I managed to get two steps away from the jewelry counter. To her, this was an Extremely Serious Matter of Homeland Security.
In other words, that my wife now needed a new watch battery was a big problem.
I gathered up her watch and one of my watches that also had a dead battery (I was prepared to abandon it) and slowly drove off, preparing myself for the interrogation of a lifetime at the hands of a jewelry counter clerk employed by an enormous and soulless corporation. But before I even managed to get out of Ruskin, I saw the sign on U.S. 41: “Watch batteries $5”.
I was sure there had to be a catch, but since I was already prepared to be bound, gagged and beaten on this quest, I figured I had nothing to lose. That’s when I met Bob Henshaw at Bob’s Jewelry Repair.
Bob’s store is small and somewhat hidden. I had no idea it was even there until I noticed the watch battery sign. I tentatively set the two dead watches down on the counter and sheepishly asked if it would be possible to get two new watch batteries. I might have even winced a little.
“Sure, no problem,” Bob replied. He then put on some magnifying glasses and gently set the watches down on a workbench with a bright light, much like a miniature operating table for wristwatches.
Michelle’s watch was a gift and is somewhat unusual. Bob apparently recognized that because he took his time with it. He first tested the old battery and then he looked around with his magnifying glasses to ensure that all was OK.
After 15 or 20 minutes, I was getting worried. Yes, I knew the watch batteries were five bucks, but what was the service going to run? There was no word on how much the examination and the time spent on the miniature wristwatch operating table was going to cost.
“That will be ten dollars,” he said as he handed me my watch, after polishing them both with a fine cloth. “Well, a little more with tax.”
Wow. I felt honored to be in the presence of an honest and hard-working man. Judging by the headlines today, I’m quite certain it was a rare privilege.
“I try to do business the right way,” he said.
He did and I’ll be back.
There is nothing cheap about boats, and boat stuff is certainly not a refuge from the prices that seem to be increasing on everything in life. That’s why I developed a nervous tic when the ancient refrigeration on my boat started to make an ominous noise.
There is no upside to an ominous noise when it comes to refrigeration on a small sailboat. If I had to replace it, for roughly the cost of a really nice household refrigerator that probably has an HD television screen and would even talk to me, I would get a box of parts that I had to assemble myself. On the other hand, I felt certain that hiring someone to take a look at it would be an experience straight out of the tenth circle of Hell that even Dante Alighieri was afraid to write about. Despite that, I opted to try at least the latter in the hope that a miracle would happen and I would once again enjoy making ice cubes on board.
That’s when I met Capt. Jack Lathbury, owner of Clear Horizon Marine. I called him to look at the ancient, rusted beast that was buried under a berth, hoping that he had a magic wand in his toolkit.
The first indication that I was perhaps wrong about hiring a repairman was that he showed up early — in fact, he had to wait for us to arrive. He carried his tools aboard and courteously listened to me babble about how I could make it run by just standing on one foot, uttering an incantation while simultaneously flipping a switch and then giving it a hard whack with a hammer. He spent a good bit of time checking out each component, looking for some ray of hope before declaring that it was indeed dead.
Now Jack had no real motivation to make things easy on me. He didn’t sell the refrigeration, he was only there to try to repair it, and he probably knew full well that we’d happily keep feeding him large denomination bills in the boundless optimism that he could fix it, thus sparing us the horrific shock of buying the aforementioned box of outrageously expensive parts. But he didn’t do that. In fact, he didn’t even charge us the full rate he quoted to make the boat call. Given that we kept him waiting, I’m certain what he ended up charging us didn’t cover his time, let alone the gas money to get to the boat. Once again, I found myself honored to be in the presence of an honest man.
It turns out that even in a rapidly changing world, some things are just as they used to be, and honesty certainly hasn’t gone out of fashion. Jack Lathbury and Bob Henshaw showed me that.
And speaking of honest, I need to share a little with you all — just for the record. When I mention people or businesses in the articles I write, I gain nothing from it but a good story. Certainly, whether a person or company advertises in the Observer plays no role. In this case, Bob had no idea who I was, and I’m not entirely certain he’ll ever see these words. Jack did recognize me, but I am quite certain that he’ll be surprised to see his name in print (hopefully not unpleasantly so). Both are honest men not because of a story, but because that’s who they are. And they are not advertisers, just decent people I felt fortunate to meet.
And on that note, I have a small favor to ask of those who may visit the Fish House on Shell Point Road in the coming days or weeks (c’mon — you know you will). A while back, I wrote an article that included the Fish House (non-advertisers, by the way) and ran a photo of Shirley Steele — she works there and is a very special person. I later asked if she was OK with the photo of her that ran with the story and she jokingly said that no one asked her for an autograph. So here’s the favor: could someone ask her for an autograph? No, I don’t have the sway to suggest it will earn you a discount, but it will probably earn a smile from Shirley (that’s worth more, anyway) and it will definitely earn my gratitude (that’s worth what you make of it).
<|endofexample|>
At the most recent drug court graduation, Dunkirk City Judge Walter Drag said these occasions are the best part of his job. He enjoys seeing people turn their lives around. He enjoys acknowledging that accomplishment.
The format of the ceremony follows a certain pattern. The pledge of allegiance was recited and a moment of silence was observed for our troops.
At the most recent graduation, for the first time a color guard made up of Alex Crowell, Duke Mendema, Alex Williams, Rafael Muller Jr. and Mike Adams from the Dunkirk Senior High School Junior ROTC presented the colors.
OBSERVER Photo by Diane ChodanA color guard from Dunkirk Senior High School Junior ROTC opens the recent graduation of the Dunkirk City Drug Treatment Court.
Sergeant First Class Frank Torain (retired), one of the instructors in the program, said, "This is a win-win situation. The cadets hear the testimonials (from those who struggle with addiction) and the community sees the positive impact of JROTC."
Dr. Theodore Steinberg from Temple Beth El gave the invocation.
Drag welcomed those attending and gave an inspirational talk. These vary according to season. Since it was Valentine's Day, Drag took the audience through the legends connected to St. Valentine.
He then reflected on the love of a "feisty Italian girl" for a Polish boy, something not quite acceptable during the World War II era.
This feisty woman (Drag's mother) became an Army widow at 24 and went through "rough times."
Pointing out the need for faith and love, Drag said, "Love is how we care for each other."
A country music fan, Drag often puts the words to a song that inspires him in the program and refers to the song in his remarks. The song at this graduation was "Faith When I Fall."
Flowers are important. Drag picks flowers based on the time of year and also speaks of their symbolic meaning. After the ceremony, the graduates take the flowers with them. While he noted that roses are associated with Valentine's Day, he picked violets. The leaves, he said are heart shaped and remind us of love.
Drug Court Case Management LeeAnn Lazarony presented the graduates to the audience. First names only are used. Each graduate is awarded a certificate of completion. Then each graduate speaks. Some speeches are short; others are longer. All express thanks in some way to those who worked with the graduates.
One participant said, "This program gave me a chance to turn my life around and I am grateful."
Kevin, a participant who was older than the usual graduate, was also grateful to the program. He said that his life took a detour. "That detour woke me up. I realized how much I was hurting."
Kevin also cautioned the younger participants to take drug court seriously.
Paul said, "Thanks everyone for believing in me when I didn't believe in me."
Pastor Chris Schmiel from Harvest Chapel West in Brocton gave the benediction.
A reception was held in the Mayor's Conference Room with some of the cookies made by Drag.
Lazarony said, "Judge Drag worries about each and every one of the participants. He had to pick up all the slack since now I am here (in Dunkirk) only two days per week."
PO Box 391 , Dunkirk, NY 14048-0391 | 716-366-3000
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
A set of Photoshop & GIMP brushes composed of various types of clouds. These are all extremely high resolution, and taken from personal photographs. Average size is 2100 pixels.
These mostly consist of plump cumulus clouds.
Be sure to also check out our original Clouds & Mist Photoshop & GIMP Brushes!
Programs: Photoshop 7+, Photoshop Elements 2+, Gimp 2.2.6+
Brushes: 20
Size: 15.4MB
Download the image pack (for those without Photoshop & GIMP)
Just came across your brushes and have to say…fantastic!
Many thanks for taking the time to produce these and for making them available to all.
Здорово, попробую эти замечательные облака. Заранее спасибо.
Россия
I love these, you are so kind to share, thank you!
You are awesome! THANKS!
Cool…very nice thank you so much!
Super Brushes, thx
Thank for this beautiful brushes!
I used these here:
:)
i just got gimp and would like to know how to get brushes
i dont know how
Following the “Installing Brushes” link in my sidebar will get you started. As far as how to use them beyond that, I have some tutorials in my tutorials section, as well.
Good luck, and enjoy!
Thanks so much for the wonderful brushes.
you are too kind! thank you, just what i have been looking for…
Thank you for brushes. They are very useful.
:) Yoink, more to the collection. They’re always so handy, thanks for sharing your brushes.
woow are greats
i’m a begginer in PSH
You brush’s are greats¡¡¡¡¡
Thank you , this is grate , love your brushes ;)
Just the thing! Thanks!
how wonnderful these are !!
thank you so much
i really really appreciate your sharing.. thanks so much
These are great!
Thank you for sharing with us.
Pingback: Fun with Clouds – Brush Them In to Add Some Interest « Digital Lady Syd's Fun Photoshop Blog
Thank you vary much for taking time to create those excellent set of brushes.
Pingback: Hollywood Smoke Effects « DESIGNGRAPHICS
I love all your brushes & how detailed they are. You do a wonderful job. I appreciate all the hard work you put into creating all these great brushes for us to use. I used this particular brush set here:
Thank you Again :D
wow these are amazing!
thanks a lot for sharing them with us:D
Thank you very much – very useful :)
<|endofexample|>
Dave Cameron wrote a bit about the Cubs signing of Edwin Jackson. Here's part of it.
But — after he proves he’s healthy, anyway — without it creating a huge problem for their Major League team. They did the same drastic overhaul of their rotation that the Twins and Royals went after this winter, just they did it without giving up useful Major League outfielders or top outfield prospects in the process.
I liked the point he made earlier in the article in that just because you're not contending doesn't mean you can't add talent to your roster. The Cubs have money to spend so why not spend some of?
I agree MD. no point in just delivering a shit team while we wait for the farm to get going.
<|endofexample|>
Baseball America has a nice article up about how well Matt Szczur has progressed so far in his young career. He was drafted in the 5th round in 2010 and after giving up football altogether the Cubs signed him to a $1.4 million contract and added him to their 40-man roster. He's rated as the 64th best prospect in baaseball by Baseball America. The article is for subscribers only so I'll quote just a little bit. I will say the one thing I notice so far about this year is how much he's improved his walk rate. Once he gets on he can do some damage on the bases.
Because he split time in college between the diamond and the gridiron, there has been the sense since he was drafted that Szczur needs to make up for lost time in terms of developing his baseball skills.
"The biggest thing is just continuing to improve his hitting approach like he's doing and just get more experience at all the outfield positions," Daytona manager Brian Harper said. "He definitely can play center field, there's no question, but he'll get more innings in left and right just for experience purposes."
<|endofexample|>
.
Could Lee happen if Barney is included in the deal?
Check that from prev post. Another Scout shows up and is clocking both Yanks and Sox.
so with the new CBA the Cubs could offer Demp arb and if he signs somewhere else they get picks but LAD couldnt do the same if they trade for him?
@ BubbaBiscuit:
I would worship Thoyer forever if they could sell high on Barney.
@ BubbaBiscuit:
Yeah, but I’d actually want more in return than just Lee. I started writing an article about Barney earlier today. Hopefully I’ll have it published tomorrow. He’s not a good hitter, but he’s a valuable player. I think most here already know that and even if we throw out his rWAR because DRS is way off for him, he’s still a valuable player.
@ mb21:
The question no one is asking….Does Zach Lee do a Harry Caray impression??
@ dylanj:
correct.
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
I don’t think they could sell high. I think they’d be selling low on him. I just don’t think you can get in return what he’s actually worth. If they can, great, but there’s nothing wrong with league average production for leage minimum.
not thrilled with spending over half our int’l budget on a 22 year old with age verification issues.
but we are so desperate for impact SP talent that I can see Theo taking the chance that this guy will be MLB ready in 2 years.
@ dylanj:
Realistically, they had a lot higher chance of getting someone up in 2 years if they signed several guys for $100,000. You hope this guy is an elite talent because otherwise it just doesn’t seem very smart.
@ mb21:
I dunno, I don’t think he’ll ever draw that return, but as an add-on to Dempster or GArza, he could maybe help max out their value. He’ll never be worth more in trade than he is now.
I’d do Barney & Dempster for Gould & Lee
@ dylanj:
Pretty sure that’s illegal in Kansas.
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
(dying laughing)
@ dylanj:
That’s much more fair than just for Lee.
MO is just wrong about Barney. The guy is valuable and if the Cubs give him away for nothing they’re crazy. Max value is almost always right now so if that’s what you like then you want every player traded today, but there’s no reason to think Barney is going to suddenly decline. He has a higher walk rate, lower strikeout rate, more power, an even better fielder, an above average baserunner and he’s not terrible at hitting. He’s not very good, but he’s not terrible either.
I don’t think the Cubs can get Lee for Dempster, but I’d definitely do Lee and Gould for Barney and Dempster. That would probably be a fair deal.
@ mb21:
I’m not playing down Barney’s value. Quite the opposite, in fact. But Barney is 27. He’s at his peak. It’s all age-based decline from here. So sell him while he’s playing well and can make a trade package that will net us young arms. I say sell him now because I think he’s very valuable and can help a team win now. But the Cub can’t be concerned with winning now. They need to be thinking about winning 2-3 years from now, and Barney probably won’t be nearly as valuable then as a 2B as he is now as a trade piece.
I wouldn’t mind hanging on to Barney either. I’m reluctant to trade him because I don’t think you’ll get as much as he’s worth to the Cubs.
@ mb21:
Why hang on to something that is valuable now when you need people who will be valuable later? Sell Barney on while he’s peaking and build for later. Barney won’t be helping you in 3 years.
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
it depends on what you can get. Let’s say you can somehow get $10 million in value for Dempster. I’m not including Barney in that deal if the Dodgers only up that to $15 million. Barney is worth more than that. I don’t care about the Cubs winning games, but value is value. I’d much rather have the Cubs getting his value than just giving him away for much less than he’s worth. This is all speculative since we don’t know what any team would offer. We don’t know what they’d offer for Dempster or for Barney. I certainly think they should explore it. I’m not at all opposed to that. I’d look into trade Castro and anyone else not named Rizzo too. I’d want a shitload in return for Castro, but I’d do it if some team offered it. I’m just not as confident as you that the Cubs can get what he’s worth and I don’t want them making a deal for less tha he’s worth. Make sense?
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
You still have to field a team next year and the year after. The bottom line is that I’m open to trade him or anyone else, but I want what they’re worth. I’m not making a deal just to make a deal. The Cubs will play baseball next year and they need guys to take the field. If Barney is their starting 2nd baseman they’re doing alright. They have time to trade him. He doesn’t need to go now. The guys the Cubs should be looking to move now for whatever the best offer is are Dempster, Garza, Maholm, Soriano, Soto, Marmol and maybe a couple others. Probably not all of the, but at least 4 of them should be gone.
Is Barney a Super Two? I don’t recall if we talked about that as I don’t read every word.
Also, just saw TDK again. Left after the Joker’s scenes were done. Mad props to Heath Ledger, always.
@ mb21:
Yeah I see that, but there is what a player is worth, in the sense of absolute value, and then what a player is worth in the sense of what someone is willing to pay. I’m not sure any GM will ever be willing to pay what Barney is worth, because defense and baserunning aren’t “sexy” ways to be valuable. But They remain valuable, and Barney is as valuable right now as he will ever be in those areas, and he’s putting up decent enough offensive numbers to catch someone’s eye. Sometimes I think you have to sell a player when he reaches the point that someone is willing to give you something decent for him, even if it’s not exactly what that guys might be worth on paper.
@ mb21:
Again, I agree in part, but I’m not holding on to Barney just because I can’t max out his trade value.
@ Rice Cube:
No, he’s not a super 2. He won’t be eligible for arbitration until after next season.
@ mb21:
Okay, I thought he got brought up early enough to be Super Two but I stand corrected.
I like the part where the Pirates want Maholm back. Maybe.
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
I’m not either, but I’m not giving him away either. If I’m the GM I’m not going to bend over and give away a valuable player who isn’t properly valued just because I don’t think I can get the value he’s actually worth. A win is still worth $5 million to the Cubs whether they suck or are awesome. I’d much rather take the 2 wins he’ll provide then get bent over. If you give away one player every GM around is going to be offering less than he should for other players. I don’t expect the Cubs to get what Barney is really worth because of the whole defense issue, but I also expect them to get something valuable for him. He’s a valuable player to the Cubs and if they’re going to trade him they should get something valuable in return.
small sample, but tyler colvin is actually hitting lefties well this year.
@ mb21:
Agreed. I wouldn’t sell him off for any old thing. Something like the package DJ suggested would be the floor for me with a package deal of Dempster/Garza+Barney.
I think the Cubs can maybe get the best deal for Soriano in the offseason. Nobody trusts what they see from him right now. But if this lighter bat really is the key to his offensive resurgence, his projections might improve if he can keep this up (or anywhere close) for the rest of the year. They’ll never get a good prospect, but maybe the Cubs only have to eat 80% of the $38M left to get someone to take a shot.
He’s not blocking anyone, he’s not a problem in the clubhouse (in fact, his work ethic has been hailed by even people who seemingly hate him), and he’s probably the 3rd best hitter in the lineup at the moment, and they won’t get anything of any usefulness in return for the farm system. So I’m not in a rush to trade him.
Someone says Zach Lee isn’t being traded for a rental.
On Germano’s travel plans:
I believe that any player who is traded has 3 days to report to the new team. It would seem to be in his best interest to get to the Cubs ASAP, but maybe his wife is pregnant, or something like that, and that complicates things.
By the way guys, in case you didn’t notice. CUBS WIN.
I know the season is shot, but have you all given up on the little victories?
/nudge
SVB wrote:
The little victories are when they lose. Even in a shitty season where I look forward to loses and Astro wins, the Cubs still manage to disappoint me quite often.
josh wrote:
C- is a decent grade from me. C- = approval
At the beginning of each semester I ask every student, when they introduce themselves, to tell the class something they are Excellent at. You’d be surprised how many can’t think of an answer to that question. Then I explain that Excellent = A. Most of my drops occur in the first week. I like it that way.
/coughdickcough
mb21 wrote:
Why is DRS off for barney?
@ SVB:
what do you teach?
@ EnricoPallazzo:
I’m curious as well. I’m guessing History.
@ SVB:
I aks my students what they think an average grade is and what they feel it requires. And then I tell them that the B they are imagining is really a C, and that all that means is that they got everything basically right and did nothing else remotely impressive. They are usually not enamored of this stance.
mb21 wrote:
While I find value-based trade analyses generally useful and appreciate the work that you and others on this site do to pull them together, I’m not sure I agree with this statement. I think that you can make a pretty solid argument that the marginal value of each win can vary radically depending on where a team sits in the standings at any given point of the season, and in the case of the 2012 Cubs, that the marginal value of each win acquired from here on out would be minimal.
Likewise, the cost of acquiring a win varies based not only on what players are available on the market, but also on the circumstances of the team trying to acquire it. If a team has five starting pitchers that are 4 WAR players, the value of a 3 WAR starting pitcher is minimal as there’s no room for that player to contribute. I think that this point calls into question considering whether or not we should evaluate player value on a straight line, as a 10 WAR player would seemingly be more valuable than 10 one-WAR players — you can’t have ten guys on the field.
This has implications in valuing players in trades or to be signed. In the case of Barney, you could make the argument that the Cubs could bring in less value than Barney is worth in absolute terms (i.e. his projected WAR times $5 million less the projected salary obligations for the time he would be under club control) and still come out ahead. You’d need to project the marginal value of the WAR he’d contribute based on some understanding of the future success of the team over the next four years; if the return on Barney is higher than that, the Cubs come out ahead even if they ‘lose’ the trade. In this way, both teams could theoretically ‘win’ a deal.
Of course, trying to calculate that would be stupid difficult, and the level of guessing that you’d have to do to get there would likely make the result garbage anyway. Which, I assume, is why people analyze player value using a straight-line valuation of WAR. So I guess it’s more an art than a science, but worth keeping in mind as we evaluate the haul from the (hopefully) impending Cubs fire sale.
Hope that wasn’t overly pedantic, but I’ve been thinking about this for a while and it did seem to fit in the discussion you were having with MO.
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
I taught for two semesters, and didn’t have an awesome speech about what it takes to succeed in my class. I didn’t know what I was doing. I was a horrible teacher.
@ EnricoPallazzo:
@ josh:
I teach Natural Resource Conservation, Policy Analysis, Forest Ecology, Fire Ecology, Silviculture…
Maybe I should do a “Who is SVB?” post like Mish did back in March.
@ josh:
Most grad schools don’t seem to care about helping their grad students learn to teach. They seem much more concerned to give us all several neuroses, ensuring we will end life divorced, poorly dressed, clothed in wool and smelling of cheap coffee.
@ uncle dave:
My thought there is that the WAR to $$ estimate works because it looks at larger sample sizes. Maybe an extra literal win would get the Dodgers into the postseason, but if you look at just the second half of this season, it’s more difficult to say with confidence that you’re getting an actual literal win worth of improvement over what you had before by picking up Barney. But GMs have to think long term in addition to short term, or they get fleeced, so even if you’re certain that Barney nets you an actual literal win, you have to think about the consequences of trading for him v. what you’re giving up.
So in some sense, the WIN = $5 million estimate may balance out when you look at the short term v. long-term needs. Dodgers may think right now, for this year in this trade, a single WIN is worth $6 and 2 would be worth $10M, but they also have to think about what they are doing to the team in buying a short-term solution.
@ SVB:
Actually, yeah, that was kind of cool.
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
That’s great, and I bet you carry it off well. I’m laughing now imaging being in the back of your class.
I tried something similar once but It didn’t work as well for me because I teach in my students’ second language, so on the first day of class they were still getting used to my accent, etc. and didn’t get the nuance.
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
Shit-hell. I got my masters at a little tiny liberal arts college just big enough to have 1-2 nominal masters’ programs. The English degree was geared toward English teachers in the local high school system. They didn’t have GAships or any kind of teaching help at all. They hired me as an adjunct after I graduated. I literally had zero teaching experience going into that. I had no idea what I was doing and failed miserably. It was horrible. I tried to get a teaching job at a community college here in Champaign and they were kind of horrified that I’d ever been allowed in front of students. I had no real counterargument to offer.
That’s why I sit in a cubicle drawing comics and writing science fiction stories instead of teaching.
@ SVB:
So either you’re teaching forest conservation in Bolivia or somewhere, or you’re actually Bolivian. Are you a communist? Just answer the question. Also, post a list of your communist friends so we can “talk” to them.
\’50s’d
@ Mercurial Outfielder:
This.
But it’s amazing how many schools are now looking for people with active learning/service learning experience….
I guess the good thing about being an academic fuckup is that I get to stay married and drink decent coffee? I do drink some amazing coffee. Fucking spectacular.
@ josh:
(dying laughing).
I teach in the USA. Does that help?
Mercurial Outfielder wrote:
bonus points if that typo was intentional
@ SVB:
It definitely helps if you can teach and your students actually care about learning.
In my experience it is rare to have both…but I felt that I had really good teachers when I was being edumacated. However, when I was the educator, the students weren’t as receptive. There were one or two who genuinely loved to learn but the rest were just counting the seconds until the bell rang.
@ SVB:
Shit. Commies are in our borders now!! GET J. EDGAR ON THE PHONE!
@ josh:
But you have to find me first….
@ Rice Cube:
Yeah, my first semester teaching was more of the students who cared about their writing, and the second semester was more of the “chatting during class” and giving me the “fucking die already” stares type of students.
In other news, today my son drew a Dalek on his Magna Doodle.
Nerd begat nerd.
@ Rice Cube:
Shit, man, I couldn’t believe that I was a student in literature class that was a piggy-back type class. In other words, I was the only grad student and the rest were undergrads, but they were all juniors and seniors and none of them read the books for the class. They would ask me for the answers before class. I told them to eat shit in not-so-many words. I couldn’t believe the lack of discipline. Junior and senior year, to me, was when classes finally started getting interesting.
@ Rice Cube:
EXTERMINATE!
By the way, how did Soler do?
@ SVB:
The things I hear like this are what have made me reconsider grad school (dying laughing)
@ josh:
Bolivia?
Sure, and that’s part of the calculation — for the team selling prospects, I assume that valuing them based again on some assumption of future marginal value is part of the deal. This year, I think that smart and forward-looking GMs (THoyer hopefully among them) are taking note of how much money is flowing into the league as well as changes to the CBA and coming to the conclusion that wins are set to get significantly more expensive over the next few years.
But I think you need to also price risk into the equation as well. You can put a value on a prospect who is in A ball, but that’s based on an aggregate future value that’s spread across the 250-odd graded prospects in all levels of the minors. The chances of getting actual value out of a guy at that level are significantly smaller than getting #2 starter value out of Ryan Dempster for the rest of this year, and you have to account for that. I think that’s part of the desire on the part of THoyer to bring in massive numbers of prospects…you have to have a lot of bodies if you’re going to be comfortable counting on any sort of production from your farm in the future.
Hopefully, the Dodgers are just gonna be dumb and overpay. I still think that both teams can come out ahead, though.
@ Rice Cube:
Never mind…BUST
@ uncle dave:
I think teams are more wary about overpaying at the trade deadline than they used to be, but it only takes one GM getting desperate.
@ uncle dave:
The ’50s was certain communism would come from the least likely place.
Also, new comic:
On Zach Lee, I know he is 20, but this guy has a 5.53
OOPS… He has a 5.53 ERA so far this year through 16 starts. Just doesn’t look like the can’t miss prospect that the Dodgers might value him as…
<|endofexample|>
Check-In Day
What you need to know for Check-In day:
To check-in, go to your assigned residence hall. Housing staff will be there ready to assist you.
1. Can I get my bed bunked or debunked? Students may email requests to support@oc.edu only during the first 2 weeks of classes. Any bed adjustments will take place during the first 2 weeks ONLY. If you make a request after the first 2 weeks, you will need to wait until the next semester. A reminder will be sent by the Resident Director to the residents to make sure everyone has an opportunity.
2. When do I get my key? Once you have checked in and completed your paperwork, a key will be issued or your ID card will be encoded.
3. Where do I put my trash or boxes? Dumpsters will be available in the parking lots during move-in. After that time period, trash cans, trash chutes, and trash rooms will be accessible.
4. Who do I tell if something doesn't work? Report any problems with the room on check-in day only to the Resident Director. After check-in day work orders can be turned into support@oc.edu.
5. Can I move my furniture around? Any freestanding furniture may be moved to make the room more comfortable; however, all university furniture must stay in the room.
6. When does curfew start? As soon as you move into your assigned housing, you are responsible for curfew or signing out so the housing staff will know where you are.
7. Where can I put my bike? There are secure bike storage rooms in Tinius East, University House South and University House North. All bikes in those storage rooms must be registered with the Hall Director of that dorm. Also, there are bike racks outside of Gunn-Henderson, Tinius, Wilson West, Wilson East, Fails, Davisson and Warlick.
8. Do you know when my roommate is coming? More than likely the housing staff will not have this information. It is recommended that you get in contact with your roommate before arriving.
9. My roommate isn't coming? Will I get another one or will I have this room to myself? More than likely you will be assigned a roommate. Private rooms, if available, are an additional $800 per semester.
10. When does the cafeteria open and what are the hours? The cafeteria opens on Monday, August 27, at 7 a.m. The normal hours of operation are 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
11. When can I buy my books? Anytime during the summer online at. The bookstore is open throughout the summer and you can call us at 405.425.5260 if you have any questions. Special times open in August 2012 include August 18, from 10-4; August 20-24, 8-5; August 25th, 10-4; August 26, 2-5. August 27 and beyond the bookstore will be open Monday thru Friday 8-5. The bookstore will be offering a new BOOK RENTAL program in the FALL of 2012.
12. I wanted to live somewhere else or with someone else... how can I change this? Go ahead and move into the room you were assigned. You may then talk to the Resident Director and give them the information about where you would like to live to be added to a "wish list." You will receive a response about whether or not you will be able to move as soon as possible.
13. Do you have tools so I can put something on the wall? The dorm does not provide tools. Small nails and Plati-tak may be used to hang things in the dorm. Tape of any kind is unacceptable, double-sided or otherwise. Screws and large nails are also prohibited.
14. Can I paint the walls? No
15. Can I build shelves and put them in my room? You can only use shelves that are freestanding. Nothing is to be anchored to the walls. It is also recommended that you be able to move them in case a room change occurs during the year.
16. Where is the dorm storage? Due to liability reasons, OC no longer offers storage to students. This is non-negotiable.
17. Where do I buy cement blocks to raise my bed? Cinder and cement blocks are considered very unsafe and not allowed if being used to make the bed higher. Bed risers that were made solely for that purpose may be used and can be purchased at Wal-Mart, Target or Bed Bath and Beyond.
18. Can I use contact paper in my drawers? Shelf liner may be used if it does not have a sticky back. Anything with a sticky back should not be used as it is almost impossible to remove.
19. Can I bring my own desk chair or any other furniture for that matter? You may bring other furniture, but remember one major detail... the furniture that is in each room must stay in each room.
20. Where can I store this bed or mattress because I brought my own? Again, the furniture in the rooms must stay in the rooms. If you have documentation from a medical doctor stating you have to sleep on a certain bed or mattress, the exception must go through Judy Davis, the Director of Residence Life.
21. Can I have a cable cord for cable to connect my TV? Cable cords are not provided by OC. The student will need to purchase one somewhere else.
22. Are there guidelines as to what decorations I can use? Decorations with anything containing alcohol, tobacco, nudity, or profanity are not allowed. This includes shot glasses, posters and personal photographs.
23. Can I burn candles in my room? Candles cannot be burned in the residence halls. There cannot even be a candle with a burned wick sitting in the room. If you are going to decorate with candles, they must be unused candles.
24. How close can I get to the dorm to unload? Vehicles are not permitted to drive on sidewalks or grass.
<|endofexample|>
Connect with us:
Browse by Category - Top Ten - Random Pick
Where is the Herndon Branch located?
The Herndon Branch is located at 4324 E. Colonial Dr., Orlando, FL 32803.
For more information please visit this page.
If that doesn't answer your question, try searching for another question, or contact QuestLine 407.835.7323.
Last Updated July 1, 2005
<|endofexample|>
Vaqueros stay in playoff hunt.
Irvine's girls water polo team avenged a first-round Pacific Coast League loss to Beckman with a 6-0 victory over the Patriots Thursday afternoon at Beckman.
"Shutouts are rare in this game but our goalie (Paulina Urbanski) was just all over it," Irvine Coach Scott Hinman said.
It was Irvine's first shutout since a 3-0 victory over Woodbridge last year.
"Our field players listened and followed the game plan," Hinman said.
Urbanski had 16 saves and preserved the shutout by stopping two, 6-on-5 chances in the final two minutes.
"Everybody was matching up perfectly," Hinman said. "The goalie denied a lot of shots just from knowing how to play position on some of their shooters.
"Paulina did a fantastic job."
Irvine took command early by moving to a 3-0 lead after one quarter on their way to avenging a 7-6 first round loss to Beckman.
Five different Vaqueros had goals. Tiffany Nguyen led the way with two goals. Rachel Cohen, Kimberly Delgadillo, Sian Mooney and Lauren Ton had one goal each.
"It was spread out, everybody is starting to get the idea that if we play our counter-attack offense and our transition offense correctly, everybody is going to have an opportunity at some point," Hinman said.
The win moved the Vaqueros (10-10 overall) into third place a half game behind the second place Patriots (18-6 overall). Irvine (4-3) has played one more league game than Beckman (4-2) but the two squads could end up tied for second.
"Irvine played a phenomenal game, that's one of the best teams we've played all year long," Beckman Coach Peter Muller said. "Scott did a great job coaching and the goalie was fantastic. I can't remember a game in the last 10 years where we scored zero goals.
"It was an unbelievable defensive effort and they played great. I'm proud of my girls, I thought they played hard but I think we were a little bit overwhelmed today."
Beckman goalie Dysiree Vallalvazo had six saves.
<|endofexample|>
With Luebben and Seymore termed out, the council will have two new members after Tuesday’s election.
CYPRESS – No matter how Tuesday's election turns out, two-fifths of the Cypress City Council will be newcomers.
That's because two-term councilmen Phil Luebben and Todd Seymore are termed out; Cypress rules limit council service to two terms in a lifetime.
And the newbies will arrive on the council with Cypress in relatively good fiscal shape.
In recent years, City officials have expressed pride in putting forth a balanced city budget without having to break open the piggy bank and raid reserve funds, as many cities around the state have had to do as revenues dropped. This year's $23.9 million general fund keeps city services at the same level they were last fiscal year, according to the city's budget report.
Responding to questions from The Register, candidates promised to continue the city's habitual fiscal conservatism.
"I believe the size of our government, at all levels, needs to be reduced," said attorney Jay Sondhi, 67. "Thus, in seeking to balance a budget, I will seek to cut expenses without sacrificing public safety, infrastructure and community services."
Bijan Mohseni, 20, listed on the ballot as a community volunteer, didn't talk cuts, but similarly advocated fiscal prudence.
"I believe it is because of our city's recognition of the importance of living within our means that our community has not faced the brunt of the economic downturn. I plan on continuing down this path," Mohseni said.
Family law attorney Mariellen Yarc advocates cuts: "I will advocate a reduction in the cost of our government and encourage a business-friendly atmosphere, to maintain and attract new businesses, jobs and revenue."
Business executive Rob Johnson, 55, has spent time at City Hall with terms serving on the parks and recreation and on the traffic commissions. Johnson has pledged to keep the budget whole without more taxes.
"It is important to maintain a balance budget without having to raise taxes," Johnson said.
On the web
To see the Register's election database, which includes bios and Q. and A.'s, click here.
Contact the writer: 714-704-3796 or mmello@ocregister.com
<|endofexample|>
LOS ANGELES – Officials say two Los Angeles County sheriff's captains have retired after one was caught funneling information to an alleged Compton drug trafficker, the other accused of protecting brutal jailers.
Spokesman Steve Whitmore toldlike deputies used excessive force against inmates.
Cruz denied allegations to the Times but declined to give specifics.
<|endofexample|>
Redevelopment agencies resuscitated.
The Legislature, less than a year after ridding California of one of local government's most abusive powers, voted Thursday to effectively reestablish redevelopment agencies under a different name but with similar authority, including the power to divert existing taxes and to add new tax burdens.
Gov. Jerry Brown should veto these bills, especially in light of his vociferous campaign to rid the state of redevelopment abuses.
To their credit, the Legislature and Gov. Brown disbanded the state's 425 redevelopment agencies to bipartisan cheers, ending decades of property-rights violations and the siphoning of property taxes from municipalities and schools.
Cities and counties arbitrarily used redevelopment's power of eminent domain to deprive owners of their land, buildings and businesses, whether or not they wanted to sell. The property typically was handed over at deeply discounted prices to developers, who often received further tax-financed assistance from authorities to build their projects. Ostensibly intended to combat blight, redevelopment became, instead, a tool to divert tax money to finance crony capitalism.
Amid clamor for reform, legislators and the governor abolished the agencies throughout the state, and were upheld by the state Supreme Court.
But it seems now that last year's action was less about reform and more about the state capturing those redevelopment agencies' billions of dollars, some of which the governor intends to use to backfill a huge state budget deficit.
Assembly Bill 2144 and Senate Bill 1156 passed during this final week of the legislative session. They are designed to restore redevelopment powers under the guise of what are called Sustainable Communities Investment Authorities. "Sustainable communities" is a concept that uses government power to force more congested urban, as opposed to suburban, development, with preference given to accommodations for high-speed rail and open space. The bills also require prevailing wages and labor compliance programs, which will make the unnecessary expenditures more costly.
The bills authorize cities and counties to form joint-powers agencies to incur debt and use eminent domain by creating Infrastructure Finance Districts. This amounts to tempting "local government to invest dollars they don't have for projects that people don't want and that private investment cannot justify," said Assemblywoman Diane Harkey, R-Laguna Niguel, who voted against both bills.
Two of the bills' more egregious aspects apparently make it easier for new local taxes to be imposed with only a 55 percent voter approval, rather than a two-thirds majority, and to allow debts to remain on the books as long as 40 years, compared with the 30 years, typical under previous redevelopment.
<|endofexample|>
.
Yeah definitely still own it. I actually think its the cheapest stock I own. Amazing MoS + Strong FCF yield. This is not something you see often. Began as a pure asset play but IV has been growing at a very decent clip over the past 1-2 years, so no need to sell it. Should yield 20%+ over the next years
Floris
thanks for the analysis. Positive FCF, no debt, very conservative management - all looks good. I wonder if the shareholders are going to see that cash - i dont see any history of management paying it out or doing anything with it (which is somewhat of a good thing i guess). Take a look at options balance - at end of FY2009 there were over 467k options outstadning with an average strike price of ~0.76 - thats over 20% of the float. As early as 2005 options were over 29% of the float. There has been nothing since 2009 - have you read anything about this? I wonder if this is some legacy management incentive...
On a somewhat unrelated note - I am following Sangoma Technologies (STC.V) in Canada. Same type of situation - positive fcf, well respected niche product, large cash balance, no debt, conservative management. There is a potential catalyst with new management looking to accelerate new product development. Equity trading as if you get the operating business for almost free (not quite a net/net) Cheers thanks for your posts same.
In 'Security Analysis' Graham describes how current assets available for shareholders, i.e. current assets - total liabilities, can be used as an approximation for liquidation value. Liquidation value is calculated by discounting the value of all assets, including non-current, by factors that seem appropriate to the nature of the assets and their marketability.
Mityo,
Thanks for the comment, I need to revise my spreadsheet terms but I'm in agreement.
I try to highlight two values, net current asset value and discounted net current asset value which is labeled net-net working capital. Discounted ncav could also be considered liquidation value.
The basis for my spreadsheet is actually the worksheet from Security Analysis. What you can't see is that the workbooks that support it have been growing like crazy and my spreadsheets have started to drift from the Graham simplicity to the Peter Cundill net-net template style. I'm hoping to revise and consolidate soon, in the mean time I think I'm going to just change the labels to remove confusion like you mention.
Thanks for bringing it up!
<|endofexample|>
World Championship page help: Odds Portal lists all upcoming World Championship basketball matches played in World. "B's" column indicates number of bookmakers offering World Championship betting odds on a specific basketball match. Columns 1, X and 2 serve for average/biggest World Championship betting odds offered on home team to win, draw and away team to win the World Championship match. The top line of upcoming matches table (Basketball - World - World Championship) lets you click-through to higher categories of Odds Portal betting odds comparison service.
Site map | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Widgets | Webmasters | Contact Copyright © 2008-13 OddsPortal.com
<|endofexample|>
NCAAF Football Defensive Rankings
Defensive Rankings - Offensive Rankings
Defense wins championships, although usually only in the SEC. If you are a regular college football bettor, you are aware that defense wins bets as well and not just UNDER wagers. We rate the best college football defenses in more than a dozen key stats, including yards per play, fewest first downs allowed, fewest passing yards per attempt can give you a real advantage at online sportsbooks. Click the headings on each column to re-sort the category and see the best college defensive stats page on the Internet. And scroll to the bottom for a listing of the acronyms and what they mean and why they are important to your NCAA football betting this weekend.
Defensive Rankings Stat Categories:
Score: Self-explanatory - which teams give up the fewest points. Said another way, what is the best defensive team. You will see the League Average as well.
Y/PL: Yards per play - a key handicapping indicator that indicates how many yards each school gives up per play. The lower the number, the better the defense.
FD - First downs - which defense allows the fewest first downs. Not always an indicator of time of possession or victories.
RA - Rushing Attempts - which defense faces the fewest rushing attempts per game. This can indicate a tough run defense or can indicate that the team's offense scores so many points that opponents are forced to pass more. yards per team, ranked by each school.
YP - Yards per Pass - which teams allow the least yards per pass.
Time - Time of Possession - which defenses are on the field the least? Who has the best time of possession stats? This is important category and can mean the defense is very good or it can mean their offense holds the ball very well.
TO - Turnovers - which college teams create the most turnovers? Which schools generate the most takeaways? This is often an opportunistic defense which makes an average team good and a good team excellent.
Pen - Penalties - This is an overall ranking of which college teams take the most penalties (it is NOT broken down by offensive or defensive penalties.
<|endofexample|>
Here are the things we have been up to this month, none of which involved updating this blog:
- Went fishing, where Teo caught a beeeeeg fish, swam in the river, and threw some rocks.
- Enjoyed separate visits from Julie, Kara, and Kathy. Rock on ladies. So great to see all of you. Congrats to Mrs. Savoie, by the way. You guys are really blessed, and I wish I could have been there to celebrate with you.
- Tested out the camping idea. Conclusion: keep the kid up until 11 pm, and he will sleep anywhere. Also? Queen-sized sleeping bags nicely fits two adults and a kid, in a pinch. Good times.
- Made homemade curtains for half of the house. They look good, even better than I thought they would. Might attempt to make the second half this weekend. It wasn't anywhere near as difficult as I thought it would be.
- Got an interesting job offer completely out of the blue. More on that later. Maybe. Turned it down, but am still sort of aching from the decision.
- Learned some going-to-bed coping mechanisms. Give the kid the illusion of control. "Do I put the cover on or off? Do I close the door? Do I leave the light on? Ok... if I do all those things like you say, will you not cry like a big boy? Great." No going-to-bed issues for the past few nights. This is miraculous. Even better? He has started announcing to me that he is ready for bed, and that "I'm not gonna cry, mama." The pride bursts from my heart.
- Discovered the awesomeness of fake, wooden food toys. Cut them! Put imaginary salt on them! Pretend eat them! The fun never ends. Most recently, he learned the word cinnamon while playing with said toys. So cute to hear a little man try to say that word.
- Picked fresh peaches on Sauvie's Island and made a peach crumble. Tasty.
- Went to several kid-friendly concerts hosted by friends of Mr Whiskey. His friends do music, that's their thing, and it's definitely the sort of ambiance I can get behind exposing my kid to early on in his life.
- One little boy started peeing in the potty in earnest. Still not fully potty trained, but definitely heading in that direction. We have had several three-pees-in-the-potty days of late. On the flipside, sometimes T just stops, grabs his crotch, and says, "Oh hey! I'm peeing in my diaper!" Thanks for the news flash.
- Attended a live performance by Demetri Martin. Hilarious. The man is really, really funny. Before the show, we also got to enjoy drinks during our third child-free night on the town. I felt like an actual grown up doing things adults do for fun.
- Made several rounds of soup out of vegetables harvested from the garden. Hallelujah. I wish gardens produced good things year-round, but I sense this is the beginning of the end of fresh backyard deliciousness.
There is so much more than that, but if I don't publish this now, it seems I never will.
Hellloooo September!
Hello, the whole thing is going fine here and ofcourse every one is sharing data, that’s in fact fine, keep up writing.check out my site
Thanks in support of sharing such a pleasant opinion, piece of writing is fastidious, thats why i have read it fullycheck out my site
<|endofexample|>
Advice for Jobseekers
Advice for employers
News and Opinion
Skills & training
Employment Law
Office Angels Office-angels.com – or any other website - you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Throughout your journey on Office-angels Office Angels has no control over. Consequently we suggest you check any third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how you can manage them.
Below is a list of the cookies used by Office-angels.com and their use:
By continuing to navigate our website and engage with the content and features of the site you provide us with consent to utilise the third party cookies as defined in this cookie policy.
If you wish to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit
Based on our cookie policy if you wish to exit our site please click the EXIT LINK
<|endofexample|>
Torero
Huaraches is the brand that symbolizes comfort and elegance, while
maintaining the authenticity and hand-crafted inspiration of traditional
huarache sandals.
These Princesa Huaraches feature a hand-woven,
soft-leather uppers. Top grade authentic leather is an essential
element that makes these huaraches uppers soft, comfortable, and do not
require you to "break them in." These huaraches feature an adjustable strap and buckle. The insole is lined with a suede-like authentic soft
leather which maximizes the comfort and "breathability" for your foot.
The outer sole is made from very lightweight polyurethane..
Orders over $99 get FREE SHIPPING!
(U.S. Orders only)
<|endofexample|>
Greece | Open See
August 17, 2009 · Leave a Comment.
Open See, currently on view at the Fondation Henri Cartier-Bresson in Paris , is part of Goldberg’s larger project “The New Europeans,” which explores and documents the exodus of refugees, immigrants and victims of human traffic.
<|endofexample|>
New gov’t bid to control OFW money failed under Marcos
MANILA — A NEW Executive Order that will give a cabinet-level unit power to control how overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) send and use their money is awaiting President Gloria Arroyo’s signature.
But groups say the EO forwarded by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas to the Office of the President via the Presidential Management Staff is an old hat not fit for wearing. Likewise, it is a failed bid under President Ferdinand Marcos who, under a foreign reserve crisis in his time, trashed the idea, a migrant advocate said.
<|endofexample|>
TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Co. has begun shooting a multiclient 3D survey in the Mississippi Lime horizontal oil play area in southeast of Dodge City south-central Kansas.
The Bucklin survey is to cover 280 sq miles in Ford and Kiowa counties, Kan., the second tier of counties north of the Oklahoma line. The crew is using high-channel Vibroseis equipment. Final deliverables will be processed using prestack time migration.
<|endofexample|>
Energy prices fell across the board May 30 as the euro’s drop to a 2-year low drove investors away from risky commodities and into US government bonds that are among the safest investments anywhere.
“Worries over the future of the Euro-zone continued to dampen market sentiment,” said analysts in the Houston office of Raymond James & Associates Inc. Due to the strength in the US dollar and concerns about a global economic slowdown, the front-month crude declined more than 3% to a 6-month low in the New York market on May 30. “Natural gas continued its losing streak, sliding more than 2% during the session. Energy stocks underperformed the broader market, with the Oil Service Index and the SIG Oil Exploration & Production Index declining 3.9% and 4.1%, respectively,” they said.
Stock markets retreated in early trading May 31 after the Commerce Department reported the US economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9% in the first quarter, down from its initial estimate of 2.2%.
The US Department of Labor also reported initial applications for unemployment benefits increased by 10,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted 5-week high of 383,000. A private payroll survey showed private businesses added 133,000 US jobs. Most economists had expected the job growth rate to accelerate.
Olivier Jakob at Petromatrix in Zug, Switzerland, said, “The big picture it is still about the euro-dollar [valuation] and the fear of Greece, Spain, etc. The 10-year bond yields for Spain have risen to 6.7%, which is a 5.4% differential to the German bonds; this while the German 2-year bond yields are down to 0% (Spain on the 2 years is at 5%).”
Jakob reported, “On a marginal cost-of-production basis, on West Texas Intermediate we are still $8/bbl away from levels where we have to think about potential impact on North American crude oil production. On Brent, the downside limit is further away due to the Brent-WTI spread, which is still at risk.” He noted, “Saudi Arabia can afford a much lower Brent price due to the exceptional revenues it received in the first 4 months of the year with high export volumes (replacement of Iran) and high prices. This being said, we continue to like using the backwardated Brent structure to build length at the very back end of the Brent curve during the current flat price setback.”
US inventories
The Energy Information Administration said May 31 domestic US crude inventories increased by 2.2 million bbl to 348.7 million bbl in the week ended May 25, above the Wall Street consensus for a 1 million bbl increase..
Imports of crude into the US increased 473,000 b/d to 9.1 million b/d last week. In the 4 weeks through May 25, crude imports averaged 8.9 million b/d, down 199,000 b/d from the comparable period in 2011. Gasoline imports last week averaged 796,000 b/d while distillate fuel imports averaged 71,000 b/d.
The input of crude into US refineries was up 182,000 b/d to 15.2 million b/d last week with units operating at 89.1% of capacity last week. Gasoline production increased to 9.2 million b/d just ahead of the start of summer driving season over the long Memorial Day holiday. Distillate fuel production increased to 4.6 million b/d.
EIA.
In its latest monthly report, the Department of Energy revised US petroleum demand lower by 194,000 b/d in March to 1.2 million b/d less than in March 2011. “Excluding LPGs, petroleum demand was down 970,000 b/d vs. last year (5.8%) and at the lowest level for a month of March since 1995,” said Jakob. However, he said, “Crude oil refinery runs were only 100,000 b/d lower than a year ago, as US refineries continue to massively export products to Latin America and Europe. If Latin America has some oil demand growth, this is not the case of Europe, and therefore part of the crude oil that is being run in the US has to be at the cost of displacing European refinery capacity.”
DOE said US crude production in March increased 630,000 b/d from year-ago levels. “Given that the US cannot export crude oil, [processors] just refine it and export it as product instead (product exports are 600,000 b/d higher than a year ago),” said Jakob. “US exports of distillates were again very high at 1.1 million b/d, which means that US refineries are running about 3.3 million b/d of crude oil to produce distillates for exports.”
Energy prices
The July contract for benchmark US sweet, light crudes fell $2.94 to $87.82/bbl May 30 on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The August contract lost $2.95 to $88.14/bbl. On the US spot market, WTI at Cushing, Okla., was down $2.94 to $87.82/bbl.
Heating oil for June delivery dropped 6.9¢ to $2.74/gal on NYMEX. Reformulated stock for oxygenate blending for the same month declined 4.83¢ to $2.86/gal.
The new front-month July contract for natural gas decreased 6.7¢ to $2.42/MMbtu on NYMEX. On the US spot market, gas at Henry Hub, La., dropped 10.5¢ to $2.40/MMbtu.
In London, the July IPE contract for North Sea Brent was down $3.21 to $103.47/bbl. Gas oil for June fell $28.50 to $882.50/tonne.
The average price for the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries’ basket of 12 benchmark crudes lost $2.38 to $102.75/bbl.
Contact Sam Fletcher at samf@ogjonline.com.
<|endofexample|>
The legislative and regulatory environment governing mental health in Ontario has evolved significantly in recent years. Health care practitioners, from both Schedule 1 and Non-Schedule 1 facilities are consistently faced with new and unique challenges in caring for patients with mental illness.
In 2009, the OHA released A Practical Guide to Mental Health and Law in Ontario Toolkit (Toolkit) to assist health care providers in complying with the legislative provisions and legal principles governing the delivery of mental health services in Ontario. Then in October 2010, the OHA provided a legislative update to highlight the significant legislative changes impacting hospitals that provide mental health and addiction services.
Since that time, there have been a number of legislative changes impacting the provision of mental health services. As such, the OHA has recently updated the Toolkit to ensure that health care practitioners have the most current and up-to-date resource to assist in caring for their patients in a mental health context. This webcast will give participants an overview of the updates to the Toolkit which include recent amendments to the Mental Health Act and other topics relevant to the practice of mental health in Ontario.
The broadcast is targeted at Hospital VPs, Directors, Managers, General Practitioners, Physicians, Nursing Staff, Front Line Staff, Chief of Staff, and any one working with Mental Health Populations.
The deadline to register for this event is August 20, 2012 at
12:00pm.)..
For additional event information and questions, please contact
Candace Simas at 416 205 1355 / 1 800 598 8002 ext 1355 or
csimas@oha.com
<|endofexample|>
zo Gee has agreed to a contract extension with the Cavaliers, the club announced on Monday. Terms were not disclosed, but a league source said it is a three-year deal worth about $10 million, although the final year is not guaranteed.
Gee was a restricted free agent who was expected to return to the team even without the long-term deal. The two sides negotiated through the summer and finally agreed to the deal about three weeks before the start of training camp.To read more or comment...
- 2013 (148)
- 2012 (345)
- 2011 (275)
- 2010 (471)
- 2009 (188)
- 2008 (125)
- 2007 (164)
- 2006 (83)
- 2005 (24)
<|endofexample|>
-training camp updates
I spent a few hours at Quicken Loans Arena yesterday working on a few stories, some of which you'll be seeing in the paper and online this week leading up to training camp. Most of the players have been working out for a week or more. Larry Hughes was on the court working on his jumper and he seemed to be in good shape. Zydrunas Ilgauskas and Anderson Varejao were working together. Sasha Pavlovic was there, he's put in a lot of work in Cleveland over the summer. Luke Jackson is working his way back into shape after last spring's back surgery. I've also seen Donyell Marshall and Eric Snow working out along with the rookies (Shannon Brown and Daniel Gibson) plus some of the free agents who will be in training camp.
I got a tour of the re-designed front offices, which I am told Dan Gilbert spent $3 million on. The old offices were very nice and all, but Gilbert said he felt it was too much like a law office so he re-did them. Basicly, he took all the bosses who had large offices along the windows and moved them to smaller offices in the interior of the building. Then he ripped down all the walls and put the majority of the employees into desks with natural light coming from the windows. There are lots of flat screen tvs everywhere and lots of sleek conference rooms done in a basketball theme. There's even a spiral staircase with lighted glass steps that will change colors. There are lots of murals on the walls featuring teamwork themes and, as a special touch, basketball hoops on walls throughout the building. Damon Jones will be glad to find out there's a huge picture of him getting piled on after he made the shot to beat the Wizards in last season's playoffs.
Downstairs the Cavs have a brand new floor (pictured, click on it for a full-size view), which is supposed to not be as reflective. Fans watching on TV complained about the new LCD boards causing moving reflections on the floor during the game. I think for the third consecutive year, the lounge for players' families and friends is being totally remodeled. Also, they've put in new underground suites that don't even have a view of the court and are under the stands. To make room, the media was booted from its long-standing courtside seats and from its media room (they gave us a much smaller one with no bathroom). Sort of tells you what the Cavs think about us, eh? They don't need us as much when things are going well.
Just wanted to give you an update. Look for a story tomorrow on Anderson Varejao and one this weekend on Shannon Brown, who allowed Beacon Journal columnist Tom Reed to hang out with him and his family earlier this summer at his house near Chicago and at his old high school.
ESPN Chat
I did an ESPN chat this afternoon. There were only a few questions on the Cavs, but here's the transcript for those who are (mildly) interested.
Scott (Salem,Il): By 2010 will Greg Oden and OJ Mayo have just as big of impact as LeBron, Carmelo, and Dwayne Wade had on their franchises and the league as a whole.
Brian Windhorst: I first met Greg Oden in Vegas at Team USA traning camp in July and I was taken back. The sheer size he has is incredible and I'm someone who is used to being around 7-footers every day. I think he has the potential to be a force in the league because he could be as unguardable as Shaq in his prime. I've seen Oden on film and he appears to have all the athletic ability he needs, it just depends on hard word and seasoning.
As for Mayo, I don't know as much about him. But I've heard from scouts that he's leveled off in the last year or so in terms of his development.
Dave, Motown: Hey Brian Where do you see my Pistons in 2010??? Do you still see Billups, RIP, and Tay as our core then or do you see Joe D making alot of changes in the next few seasons???
Brian Windhorst: I think Prince will eventually be the Pistons franchise player. But Rip and Chauncey still have some good years left in them. The question will be what sort of contracts Joe Dumars signs them to, because they will both probably be past their primes five years from now.
It may have been a mistake to trade Darko. I saw him play in Japan at the World Championships and it sure looked like he's on track to become a good post player in the league. That deal (just getting salary-cap relief in return) may haunt the Pistons
Chris (Lancaster,Pa): What has Billy King done to prove he still deserve 1 job with the Sixers, let alone the president and general manager positions he's holding down now? How do you turn a respected franchise into a laughing stock in a matter of months and then have nerve to announce the signing of Alan Henderson like it's a step closer to a NBA Championship. Would it hurt to go after Bonzi Wells before Denver gets a hold of him ?
Brian Windhorst: The Sixers remind me of GM. They are stuck paying for the past and too jammed up in current commitments to rip it down and build for the future. I realize much of this is Billy King's doing but it is hard to get out of it.
It appears the Sixers are about to be sold. If that happens I'd expect the new owner to probably attempt to clean house.
Mike PHX AZ: Hey Brian, Whats up with our SUNS for the 2010 ?????? Do you see Stoudamire leading us to the promise land ?
Brian Windhorst: Mike, I wrote for ESPN today that the Suns could be in the lottery in a few years. Not because I think it will happen, but it could. I don't like selling off draft picks as they've been doing. But they do have an extra first round pick next year (the Cavs via Boston) and it will be a deep draft.
I watched Amare in Vegas with Team USA and in summer league. He's got a long way to go. There is no way to predict what he'll be by the end of this season much less 2010
Jon (Indianapolis, IN): What do you think of the Cavs moves this summer? Do you think Varejao will end up being their starting PF by the end of this season?
Brian Windhorst: The Cavs held down the fort and added veteran backups David Wesley and Scot Pollard. It should help their depth. of course they badly need help at point guard and I'm sure they'll be on the lookout constantly. But they feel good about the way they finished and are hopeful Larry Hughes will stay healthy. As of this moment, I'd predict them to improve slightly on their 50-32 record.
J.E. Skeets (Toronto): Will Hubie Brown will be completely translucent by 2010?
Brian Windhorst: J.E. is a funny guy. You hardcore basketball fans should look up his blog.
As for Hubie, a few years ago someone gave him a makeover with that fancy haircut with bangs. He might consider another. But his commentary is still right on the money and I assume he'll only get smarter by 2010.
Todd (Fargo): Are the Wolves the only team in history to have 7 gaurds under contract? Will this lead them to a Championship?
Brian Windhorst: In history? Probably not. But they are assets. People need guards and as the season goes along they will be willing to trade for them. Kevin McHale will step back and wait for offers.
But after seeing Randy Foye in Vegas I believe you've got to give that kid major minutes.
Trent (LA): See any improvement by Kobe and the lakers next season? do you see them being a serious contender by 2010? Thanks
Brian Windhorst: I think the Lakers have some cap space coming, which could help in the long run. They finished strong last season despite having some injury issues. If they can carry that over they have a chance to improve. It will be interesting to see if Radmanovic and his outside shooting ability will have a major impact.
Casey (Laurel,MS): Hey I hope my question goes through, but I was reading the article about the Bobcats winning the championship in 2010, well even tho they MIGHT have V.C. they still need a bench and uh, Sean May isnt that good of a bench if you ask me.
Brian Windhorst: Well, some of these young Bobcats have to work out and they've been carefully clutching their salary cap space to make a run in the future. Whether going after an aging Vince Carter is the answer, I'm not sure. They do need to sell tickets and I hear they have a North Carolina fan running the show now.
Raymond Felton impressed me last season in fact he was right behind Chris Paul on my rookie of the year ballot. And I firmly believe Adam Morrison will be able to score in the league, even if he can't defend. There are some pieces to get excited about.
Chad: Minneapolis, MN: You sated earlier that Foye needs major minutes. In 2010 who will be the best player from this past draft? Foye???
Brian Windhorst: Both Foye and Brandon Roy impressed me in Vegas Summer League. We'll have to see how these young big men like Tyrus Thomas and LaMarcus Aldridge develop before we know the pick of the class.
San Antonio, Texas: Brian,considering the Spurs current salary cap situation where after next only Manu, Tim and Tony Parker will be under contract. Would it be fair to say that if SA reloads with the right talent that they still could be amongst the elite in 2010?
Brian Windhorst: I firmly believe the Spurs will be a serious contender for the foreseeable future. I'm giving away one of my pieces for later this week, but I really think Beno Udrih is an unknown value and the Spurs usually draft very well.
Kevin(Chicago): Will the Bulls have won a championship by 2010??
Brian Windhorst: Hard to say, it depends on what they do with their young guys. They can't sign them all to deals so proper decisions have to be made. Big giving Ben Wallace that huge deal sure makes it seem like they are trying to win it all way before then.
Woytek (Cracow, Poland): Is LeBron mortal lock in Cavs for whole carrer?
Brian Windhorst: No, he's signed thru 2010. After that anything is possible. Are any of us mortal locks for anything?
Jake (Denver): Without some production from the young bigs (Al and Perk), do the C's spin their wheels until 2010?
Brian (Milwaukee): What city will the Bucks be calling 'Home" in 2010???
Brian Windhorst: Opps, took two questions.
It would be nice to see some of the Celts never ending parade of new fresh faces take the step from prospect to great pro. For various reasons it hasn't happened and Danny Ainge keeps importing a new group every year. Supposedly Jefferson is healthy and has lost 30 pounds so he'd be worth watching. They must like Perkins because he just got a four-year extension, which surprised many in the league.
As for Milwaukee, I love that city and there's a good tradition there. As long as Herb Kohl owns the team they will be in Wisconsin, but if he sells, Oklahoma City, Kansas City and Las Vegas are all lurking.
ryan Childersburg Al: how do you think the new york knicks be like in 2010 could thy run a open court like the suns do
Brian Windhorst: It depends on what happens this year. Many people think the Knicks need to blow it up and re-start with the idea of clearing cap space for 2010 when LeBron and DWade become free agents. I think the Knicks will actually be better this season by running more because that roster has depth and talent. But if they win, let's say, 38 games, it will be improvement and James Dolan will be under pressure to keep the momentum going and, thus, the massive overspending. Or Isiah's systems falls flat and he's fired and a new era is ushered in. I believe they call this a "tipping point."
Adam (Philly): I dont see Cleveland ever winning a championship with Lebron. He didn't really impress me with his playoff performance, because he got a lot of lucky breaks (against the Wiz and Pistons). He just doesnt seem like to guy that you can give the ball to down 1 point and say "win me this game." Kobe Wade and Melo can do that.
Brian Windhorst: I guess you didn't watch the last half of the season when LeBron led the Cavs to like 18 wins in 22 games decided by four points or less.
Whether or not he can get enough help to win a title is a valid point. But it isn't a talent issue.
Dave (Chicago, IL): Do you think the Magic are going to unload Keyon Dooling due to their logjam at the point? Who do you think they might get back for Dooling? You hear a lot about a Dooling for Michael Doleac swap with Miami. Any truth to that?
Brian Windhorst: Keyon Dooling is worth more than that, no?
David (Gainesville, GA): How will the Hawks young kids be in 2010?
Brian Windhorst: Everyone keeps telling me Marvin Williams come around and I'm willing to give him time. But I'm certainly in the chorus that thought passing on Chris Paul was foolish. Josh Smith is coming around a little, he's turned into quite a shot blocker but I'd like to see more skill development. Shelden Williams has decent upside, but I think they could've done better at that spot in the draft.
I guess, um, I'm not all that excited about them.
Sarbjit Singh (New York): Hey Brian Where do you see Houston Rockets in 2010? Do you think they can make the championship with T-mac & Yao?
Brian Windhorst: Everyone wants to know. When the they had it going two years ago they balanced those two with good outside shooters. It looks like they are going to try to go back to that because they've signed a boat load of them with the hopes that a few pan out. They play in such a meat grinder division that they really need McGrady to be healthy for an entire season to get in good position for the playoffs. It will be interesting to see how their upcoming general manager Daryl Morey, a stats-based guy, makes changes. He was the influence behind the Battier deal and I think it will work out for them.
Eduardo (San Jose California): Sup playboy, How are my Clips going to be looking like in 2010?
Brian Windhorst: I'm no playboy, Eduardo, I live in Cleveland. I like the Clippers. They played with confidence last season and it was refreshing to see. They are big and athletic and have a great leader in Cassell. Shaun Livingston sort of underwhelmed me at the Vegas Summer League, I really expected him to be dominant and he needs to step up to get ready to take the reigns. I liked the Tim Thomas signing as well. They appear to want to move Maggette and how that eventual deal works out could make a major impact.
Yorkis (Philly): Will Danny Fortson become the Jose Canseco of the NBA and open up everyone's eyes to the steroid use that's been going on in the league for the past 20 years before 2010?
Brian Windhorst: I don't know. I've been in MLB, NFL and NBA locker rooms and I can tell you NBA players have the most muscle and best bodies of them all. Perhaps it is because the NBA lends itself to more freak athletes. But let's all be honest, there are probably players using performance-enhancing stuff. How wide spread it is or if it will ever become something the league gets into isn't known right now. I think David Stern is happy no one is making a big deal about it.
Steve (Seattle): What changes do the Blazers need to make to be in playoff contention by 2010?
Brian Windhorst: Well the Blazers are a big bucket of change. They've gone from being a free-spending huge budget team to one that is looking for baragins and young players. If they want the makeover to be complete, they really need to move Zach Randolph and Darius Miles but that will not be easy. They are in for lots of growing pains ahead and it may take five years for them to make the right moves to become serious contenders again.
Derrick Concord NC: How many african american owners will be in the NBA by 2010?
Brian Windhorst: I think everyone is hoping more than one. But Bob Johnson hasn't exactly been thrilled so far with his investment in Charlotte.
JB (Atl): Is it possible for ESPN writers to write about the Hawks without mentioning Paul? Stop rubbing salt in our wounds!
Brian Windhorst: OK, OK. I keep getting questions from all the Hawks fans (Why don't you guys ever come to the games?). Yes, they have some potentially good young players. But the organization is a total mess from the ownership on down and they have consisently made poor decisions over the last four years or so. Until there's a change in that course then people like me are going to be skeptics.
Joe (Brantford, Ontario): Hey Brian! For the first time in a long time, Raptor fans are very hopefull of this upcoming season. Where do you see them in 2010? Thanks!
Brian Windhorst: Chris Bosh is someone to get excited about. I think the combo of T.J. Ford and Jose Calderon could make them a good fast-paced team and I think Bargnani will be able to contibute in some way right away. Also you have an excellent decision-maker at the top now. In fact, I think Wayne Embry should've been Exec. of the Year last year for what he did in his short time. There is reason to be excited in T.O. No reason no to hope for a serious shot at the playoffs.
Brian Windhorst: Thanks for sending me all the questions. Keep coming back and reading the 2010 series for the rest of the week. There's some good stuff coming.
An infamous elbow
As you may have read over the weekend, Greek national team player Nikos Zisis is still pretty upset about the elbow he got from Anderson Varejao in the FIBA World Championship and wants to sue him. Considering he had to undergo surgery last week after spending a week in the hospital in Japan, it is understandable he is trying to get some measure of revenge because it isn't likely the two will ever seen each other on a basketball floor again.
Based on some of my e-mail and some things I've read on message boards, I want to address a few things about this issue.
I'm not smart enough to be a lawyer so I can't even begin to guess how Zisis would successfully sue Varejao considering the event happened in a country neither player lives in nor works in. However, ultra-bright University of Nebraska law student Zach Hemenway informs me this case set the precedent that an athlete could sue another athlete for something that happens outside the rules on the field of play. However even Zach doesn't exactly see how Zisis can win without direct evidence of intent and everything seems to be circumstantial.
I had extended conversations in Japan with members of the Greek media. Now I must point out that these guys were hardly objective, for example they cheered from the press box, waived Greek flags during the game, and hugged and kissed players following the victory over the U.S. But they painted a picture of how Zisis and Varejao were battling back and forth. How after Zisis was angry after Varejao supposedly flopped -- and let's be honest, he's known to do that -- and how supposedly Varejao warned him not to come into the paint when he was standing there.
For his part, Varejao doesn't not say he's sorry. I cannot verify the exact translation because I do not speak Portugese, but a poster at RealCavsFans says he translated this story from Brazil where Varejao said the following: "I've learned from the press what Nikos Zisis has been saying and I was surprised and sad with it. Zisis accused me of being disloyal and a bad character, he said I hit him on purpose and named me an "animal" and "murderer". I hadnt answered anything so far because I did not want to make a big deal out of it and because my conscience is clean that it was just his bad luck in that play and because I understand that he's upset at this time because of the injury.
But I think Zisis has crossed the line with this thing. Because of everything he's been saying and because the way things are shaping. Now I have to watch Zisis sue me, claiming an "murderer act" by my part. It's clear to me what he really wants with all this. Zisis shoud know that bball is a contact game. It was on one of this contacts that he got hurt. It was a normal game play, but he ended up getting hurt.
That is so true that the referees, and there were three of them, ruled as a normal foul and no one claimed anything at that moment. Because I saw the injury was bad I came to him to apologise but he turned his back on me. It's an absurd that he keeps blaming me. Accusing me that it was intentional. I've always been a loyal, clean player. A player that respects the opponent and that plays eyeing the ball.
Last season, I had a bad injury playing for Brazil that kept me from playing for six months and I didnt have to seek for people to blame to justify my injury. I think Zisis should do the same and focus on his rehab. He should stop feeding tabloids and talking sillyness."
I feel like I know Andy and his game. I know that sometimes it appears he plays absent minded, but actually I think he's fairly sharp. If you remember last season he took a shot at Rasheed Wallace and got ejected in Detroit and did it without looking like he was trying to. I've watched the Zisis video numerous times and I think that play in Detroit is comparable. I don't think Andy wanted to inflict such damage to Zisis' face and certainly he didn't mean to him him as hard as he did. But I there's a good chance he came in high with his elbow to send a message.
So that makes his name mud in Greece, but after being called soft many times last season I predict Cavs fans won't mind at all.
Insomnia is underrated
Hopelessly jet-lagged and unable to sleep at 3 a.m., let me toss out a few thoughts.To read more or comment...
Heading home
Tokyo -- I haven't been in the States in three weeks, so I'm not sure how the U.S. bronze medal performance came off back home, where I'm headed now. I've written about it and talked about it a great deal. I'm not going to rehash it. It was a quality win over Argentina and it is a good basis to build on.To read more or comment...
Earthquakes and Greece lightning
Saitama, Japan -- Yesterday I experienced my first-ever earthquake, a 4.8er that shook me up good on the 10th floor of my hotel. Tonight I saw Team USA get rattled in a loss to Greece that pretty much ended their FIBA World Championship.To read more or comment...
- 2013 (148)
- 2012 (345)
- 2011 (275)
- 2010 (471)
- 2009 (188)
- 2008 (125)
- 2007 (164)
- 2006 (83)
- 2005 (24)
<|endofexample|>
McDonald's owner apologizes for urging workers to vote Republican.
''Which we think is too little, too late,'' Schulman said of the apology.
The original letter to dozens of employees encouraged them to vote for GOP candidates John Kasich for governor, Rob Portman of the U.S. Senate and Jim Renacci for the 16th District seat in Congress.
Schulman said the letter violates state elections laws governing employer influence and intimidation of workers.
In the letter, Siegfried writes that employee wages at his company can only be raised ''if the right people'' are elected.
''If others are elected, we will not,'' he wrote.
The owner then encourages his workers to vote for the three Republicans.
In a statement released Friday, Siegfried said the letter to his employees was an ''error in judgment on my part.''
Randy Snow, a Canton attorney representing the businessman, said Siegfried was unaware of the law and had no intent to violate it.
''He was trying to protect his business and meant no harm or interference,'' Snow said Friday.
The letter was first reported by the OhioDaily Web site.
Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner's office released a statement about alleged voter intimidation, saying her office would be ''investigating this and any other similar incidents and reporting our findings to the Ohio Attorney General.''
The statement also said: ''Ohio law is clear that employees cannot be subjected to intimidation or threats by an employer stating that job benefits will be affected by the election or defeat of one or more candidates. The voting public must not be affected by votes gained or lost in this way.''
Shirley Rogers Reece, general manager for McDonald's Ohio region, said the company had no knowledge the letter was being distributed and that Siegfried's action violated company policy.
''We wholeheartedly respect diverse views and opinions, and our employees' right to vote,'' she said in a statement. ''Our position is that every employee should make his or her own choice.''
McDonald's did not endorse any of the candidates mentioned in the letter, Reece said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report. Phil Trexler can be reached at 330-996-3717 or ptrexler@thebeaconjournal.com.
- 2013 (54)
- 2012 (120)
- 2011 (134)
- 2010 (279)
<|endofexample|>
Nine of 12 football games to be played in Ohio
Football
This won't be a season where Zips fans rack up many frequent flier miles.To read more or comment...
Zips recruit drops 50 in high school game
Men's basketball
Incoming guard Blake Justice scored 50 points in a game in which he surpassed the 2,000 point mark for his career.To read more or comment...
Live updates - Akron vs. Miami
Men's basketball
Refresh your browser for updates...To read more or comment...
Akron vs. Miami preview
Men's basketball
The two hottest teams in the MAC will meet tomorrow 7 p.m. at Rhodes Arena.To read more or comment...
Live updates: Akron vs. Creighton
Men's basketball
Refresh your browser for in-game updates...To read more or comment...
Poll: How do you feel about Akron's new defensive coordinator
Football
I was pretty stunned to see the outpouring of disdain by Nebraska fans for Akron's new defensive coordinator, Kevin Cosgrove.To read more or comment...
Zips choose defensive coordinator with experience
Football
You can't find a guy with much more experience than Kevin Cosgrove, who will replace Curt Mallory as Akron's new defensive coordinator.To read more or comment...
UA soccer team is heading to Spain
The University of Akron men's soccer team will be making a nine-day trip to Madrid, Spain, in March as part of its upcoming spring schedule.
UA coach Caleb Porter announced the trip and the remainder of the spring schedule, which features three home matches, on Wednesday.To read more or comment...
Visiting Zips deliver 35-point beatdown to Bowling Green
Men's basketball
Never in the 51-year history of BG's Anderson Arena had a team sunk 16 3-point baskets. The Zips did that tonight with a 57.1 percent clip.To read more or comment...
Live Updates - Akron vs. Ball State
Men's basketball
Refresh your browser for in-game updates...To read more or comment...
Live Updates - Akron vs. Western Michigan
Men's basketball
Keep refreshing your browser for updates...To read more or comment...
Porter adds nine recruits -- six All-American's -- to Zips
The University of Akron men's soccer team started to reload Tuesday with the addition of nine players for 2011.
Zips coach Caleb Porter announced that Wil Trapp, Bryan Gallego, DeAndre Yedlin, Diego Navarrete, Luke Holmes, Kayvon Afsarifard, Kyle Culbertson, Andy Chiu and David Murrow have signed with UA.To read more or comment...
Akron beats up on Toledo
Men's basketball
Akron jumped out to a 26-9 lead over Toledo, and the Zips maintained a similar margin until the final buzzer sounded. Akron won, 59-41.To read more or comment...
U.S. Senate honors Zips
Men's soccer
The U.S. Senate passed a resolution honoring the Zips and their national championship run.To read more or comment...
Polls: How do you feel about this recruiting class?
Football
[poll id="3"]To read more or comment...
Pfau adds nine players to Zips women's soccer team
University of Akron women's soccer coach Chris Pfau announced the signing of eight athletes to national letters of intent and the addition of one transfer.
The recruiting class includes Walsh Jesuit High School senior Brianna Kanz and three players from Las Vegas , Nev. – Hailey Kirkwood, Meghan Brascia and Lexa Green.To read more or comment...
Zips drop game to lowly Eastern Michigan
Men's basketball
To this point in the season, Akron had not lost to a bad team. The Zips had failed more often than normal to beat the average ones.To read more or comment...
GoZips.com blog
Along with Tom Gaffney's updates today, take a look at the running blog at GoZips.com for Signing Day coverage.To read more or comment...
Running update on Zips signing day
As of 3 p.m. Wednesday, the University of Akron football team has received 23 NCAA letters of intent for its 2011 recruiting class. That finishes the players that will be announced today. National Signing Day is just the beginning of the signing period, so the Zips may add others in the future.
From Ohio, the players are: OL Dylan Brumbaugh (Green); RB Cody Grice (Firestone); DL Isaiah Williams (Cleveland John Adams); DB Bryce Cheek (Lewis Center Olentangy); DB Johnny Robinson (Cleveland Glenville); DB Devonte Morgan (Cleveland Glenville); QB Kyle Pohl (Farmersville Valley View); kicker A.J. Fox (Youngstown Mooney); OL Andrew Bohan (Avon Lake) and athlete Tyler Williams (Cincinnati Colerain). P Zach Paul (Padua) is a non-scholarship player.To read more or comment...
- 2013 (110)
- 2012 (199)
- 2011 (225)
- 2010 (266)
- 2009 (380)
- 2008 (327)
- 2007 (561)
- 2006 (605)
- 2005 (89)
<|endofexample|>
Video: Kent-Akron preview
Football
Here is my Kent State/Akron preview with Jonas Fortune...
Hear audio of the complete, 10-minute uncut version of the preview.
Looking ahead to Kent State golfer wins tournament
Documentary features LeBron, St. V/M
Men..
My thoughts on Akron-Wisconsin)
<|endofexample|>
Glenville wide receiver reportedly gets offer from Zips
Cleveland Glenville senior wide receiver Frank Clark has reportedly been offered by Akron, according to ScoutingOhio.com. Clark, who is 6-foot-3 and 215 pounds, also has offers from California, Eastern Michigan, Michigan, Michigan State, North Carolina and Toledo.To read more or comment...
Pennsylvania lineman commits to Zips
Greater Johnstown senior lineman Dajour Morris has reportedly made a verbal commitment to play football at the University of Akron, according to The Tribune-Democract (Johnstown , Pa.).
Morris, who is 6-foot-2 and 295 pounds, told the publication the Zips plan to use him as a defensive tackle, defensive and also a linebacker.To read more or comment...
Grant gains national second team honor
St. Vincent-St. Mary senior cornerback Doran Grant has been named to the USA Today All-USA second-team.
Grant, who is 5-foot-10 and 177 pounds, was one of four Ohio players to make the second-team.To read more or comment...
Another offer for Walsh DE
Walsh Jesuit senior defensive end Reed Remington has reportedly received an offer from the University of Dayton, according to ScoutingOhio.com. Remington, who is 6-foot-4 and 250 pounds, also has offers from Bucknell, Wayne State and Holy Cross.To read more or comment...
Koufos home for Christmas
Minnesota Timberwolves reserve center Kosta Koufos stood and smiled in the visiting locker room Sunday night at Quicken Loans Arena as a fun weekend came to an end.
Koufos, 21, was happy for two reasons; his Timberwolves earned a 98-97 win over the host Cleveland Cavaliers, and he got to spend Christmas with his family in Canton.
“I was blessed and fortunate enough to see my family for Christmas,” Koufos said before the game. “It was refreshing to get to sleep in my own bed and it brought back memories. It helped to get me energized for the game.”
Report: Grant visited Ohio State
St. Vincent-St. Mary senior DB Doran Grant reportedly took an official visit to Ohio State last weekend, says ESPN.com. Here is an update from ESPN.com.To read more or comment...
Walsh Jesuit DE has new offer
Walsh Jesuit senior defensive end Reed Remington has reportedly been offered by Holy Cross, according to ScoutingOhio.com.
Remington, who is 6-foot-4 and 250 pounds, also has offers from Bucknell and Wayne State, according to the website.To read more or comment...
Grant considering his options
St. Vincent-St. Mary senior DB Doran Grant is reportedly considering Ohio State and Michigan State among his final college choices.
Scout.com reported Grant will visit Ohio State this weekend. Grant reportedly visited Michigan State on Dec. 4.To read more or comment...
Hoban standouts considering Ohio State
Hoban junior defensive ends LaTroy Lewis and Greg McMullen will start to narrow their college list after the New Year, according to Hoban football coach Ralph Orsini.
Orsini said in an e-mail today that Ohio State is in the top two for both players.To read more or comment...
Cincinnati Colerain QB picks Zips
Cincinnati Colerain senior quarterback Tyler Williams verbally committed to the University of Akron on Monday night, according to the Cincinnati Enquirer.
Williams, who played quarterback in a triple-option offense for the Cardinals this season, is projected to be a running back/wide receiver and a returner on special teams for the Zips.To read more or comment...
Flight of the Firestone Falcons?
At least two former members of the Firestone Falcons - notice the word "former" - have left the football team to return to their neighborhood in West Akron, which just happens to be the home base of the Buchtel Griffins, state runners up in the Divsion III playoffs.
Timonte Anderson, a defensive back and his brother, free safety Larry Sullivan, will begin attending Buchtel Monday, they confirmed to the Akron Beacon Journal Friday night prior to the Buchtel-Ellet hoops game.To read more or comment...
Glenville defensive duo reportedly pick Zips
A pair of Cleveland Glenville football players have reportedly made verbal commitments to play at the University of Akron, according to Cleveland.com.
Senior defensive backs Johnny Robinson Jr. and DeVonte Morgan committed to the Zips, according to the report. Robinson (5-foot-10, 190 pounds) had 55 tackles, three interceptions and a touchdown this season, according to the report.To read more or comment...
Alliance's Garlock reportedly makes college choice
Alliance long snapper William Garlock has reportedly committed to play football at Bluffton, according to ScoutingOhio.com. Garlock is 6-foot-1 and 240 pounds, according to the website.To read more or comment...
Walsh and Twinsburg girls in Key Bank Holiday Classic
Walsh Jesuit and Twinsburg are among the area girls’ basketball teams that will participate in the Key Bank Holiday Classic Dec. 28-30 at Pickerington North High School in Pickerington, Ohio.
This tournament annually features top teams from Ohio and out-of-state. Walsh Jesuit will play Marion County (Ky ) at 3 p.m. Dec. 8 in the first game of the tournament. Twinsburg plays Mount Lebanon (Pa.) at 4:45 p.m.To read more or comment...
Massillon's Olack stunned by college coach's resignation
Massillon senior wide receiver Justin Olack told the Sporting News that he was surprised to learn of Pittsburgh coach Dave Wannstedt's resignation on Tuesday.
"I've talked to some of other commits and they're the same, stunned," Olack told the publication. "He was a great guy and he was one of the main reasons I committed to Pitt."To read more or comment...
Area football recruiting updates
Walsh Jesuit senior punter Drew Kaser has reportedly been offered by Central Michigan, according to ScoutingOhio.com. Kaser, who is 6-foot-4 and 215 pounds, also has an offer from Illinois.
Canton McKinley senior quarterback Kyle Ohradzansky has reportedly made a commitment to play college football at Lafayette , according to ScoutingOhio.com. Ohradzansky, who is 6-foot-1 and 212 pounds, also had offers from Illinois State and Colgate and interest from Mid-American Conference schools, according to published reports.To read more or comment...
State Championship: Buchtel vs Bishop Watterson
Halftime: Buchtel 6, Watterson 6
This is shaping up to be a defensive struggle. Watterson is playing solid, fundamental defense and staying at home, nullifying Buchtel's speed. It's their defense that has kept them in the game with Jarrod Wilson coming up with at least three of Buchtel's four turnovers, including one to end the first half and score an 81-yard TD.To read more or comment...
Cincinnati Colerain QB making UA visit
One of the Cincinnati ’s top high school players will take a visit to the University of Akron this weekend.
Colerain senior quarterback Tyler Williams will visit Akron, according to the Cincinnati Enquirer. Williams helped lead the Cardinals to a 10-0 regular season record. Colerain was a regional semifinals.To read more or comment...
Wadsworth wrestling team participating in prestigious meet
The Wadsworth wrestling team will attend a prestigious Super Dual meet in Cincinnati on Saturday. Wadsworth, the reigning Division I state champions, will join 11 other elite teams at Moeller High School for the Moeller Duals. Other teams include Brother Martin (Tennessee state champion), Louisville Trinity (Kentucky state champions) and several others. Wrestling starts at 8:30 a.m. and the finals are scheduled for 5 p.m.To read more or comment...
Roosevelt lineman continues making visits
Kent Roosevelt junior offensive lineman Ryan Anderson continues to visit some college programs. Anderson, who is regarded as one of the state’s top players in the 2012 class, attended the Pittsburgh-West Virginia game last Friday and the Ohio State-Michigan game on Saturday, according to Kent Roosevelt coach John Nemec.
Anderson (6-4, 300 pounds) has an offer from Pittsburgh, according to ScoutingOhio.com.To read more or comment...
St. V-M's Grant visited Ohio State
St. Vincent-St. Mary senior cornerback Doran Grant visited Ohio State this past weekend as the Buckeyes played Michigan, according to Rivals.com.
Grant is considering the likes of Michigan State, Ohio State, Michigan, Southern California, Notre Dame, Iowa, Georgia Tech and Penn State, according to a recent Beacon Journal report.
The Associated Press selected Grant as Division III Defensive Player of the Year and selected him to the Northeast Inland All-District team.To read more or comment...
- 2013 (134)
- 2012 (326)
- 2011 (402)
- 2010 (492)
- 2009 (627)
- 2008 (123)
- 2007 (230)
<|endofexample|>
Free Site Subscriptions.
Tango has not had an easy life and can sometimes be a little apprehensive about being touched. She is adjusting to her new carefree life and recently discovered the joys of playing with cat toys. She loves being with her foster parents and sleeps peacefully on the end of their bed. Tango is getting used to other kitties and would be a great cat for someone who is looking for an independent but curious pet. Tango has been tested, spayed and is up to date on shots.To read more or comment...
Lost: Rottweiler in Green/Coventry area
Contact Phone Number: 330-802-0347 or 330-802-0009
Jarvis rd. green/coventry area -- We are looking for jada. she is a sweet kind lovable Rottweiler. black with nub tail. she will answer to anybody.and love u as much as we love her.she still has her pink collar on.please contact 3308020347/3308020009 if you have her or seen her. Thank you the kulasa family.To read more or comment...
Found: Small white mix poodle neuter male dog in Clinton
FOUND A SMALL WHITE POODLE MIX DOG MALE NEUTER ALL SHAVED BUT THE EARS AND TAIL. FOUND ON GRILL RD. IN CLINTON OHIO SUNDAY 2/27/11 AT ABOUT 12:00 P.M. 330-603-1294.To read more or comment....To read more or comment...
Beautiful Siamese Cat Needs Home
My neighbors put their Siamese kitten out in the winter cold and won't find her a home. Seenatra, a beautiful blue eyed female kitten barely over a year old, needs a home. She is hanging out in my garage and I'm doing everything I can to keep the tom cats away, they're trying their best to get to her so please help me find her a loving home, away from the cold elements and danger. She deserves her own, warm home with a loving family! Please! I already have cats and I tried to bring her in but my cats don't want another roomie.To read more or comment...
Lost Dog in Hartville
Female chow/shepherd mix,reddish/blackish, very short hair. Is very skinny, 32lbs, is insulin-dependent, and losing her eyesight. She needs her shots and special food right away, had a pink collar on, no tags. Her name is Kayla, and is deeply missed! Phone Number: 330-806-9979
SOS Adoptee of the Day: Daisy!
Breed: Calico (mix)
Age: 3 yrs
Gender: Female
Altered: Yes
Ref. no.: 100728R
Found cat in Uniontown, Green area
Found a small to medium female cat in Uniontown, Green area (Meadowood). Must be able to describe distinctive features. 330-703-9036.To read more or comment...
SOS Adoptee of the Day: Patches the Kitty!
Name: Patches
Breed: Calico (mix)
Gender: Female
Altered: Yes
Ref. no.: 091001Q
PAWS Pet of the Week: Meet Shorty!
Short on stature, big on sweetness.
Shorty is a very special girl. Before PAWS rescued her, she suffered some type of terrible trauma that left her without back feet. Don't tell Shorty, though! Despite her disability, she can even manage to jump up onto a king size bed! She gets around fine, primarily walking on her front paws and using her back legs for balance. A litter box with lower sides is a must. And a home on one floor would be ideal as steps can be difficult.To read more or comment...
Lost: Cane Corse in North Hill area
Lost North Hill area Tallmadge Ave, Saturday night 9:30pm.To read more or comment...
Found: Two lab mix pups
Found 2 black lab mix pups. North St. area in Akron. Please call 330-285-7737 and identify.To read more or comment...
SOS adoptee of the day: Beau!
Breed: Australian Shepherd - Chow Chow (mix)
Age: 4 yrs
Gender: Male
Altered: Yes
Ref. no.: 081107R
Beau is a 4 year old Australian Shepherd/Chow mix with a mysterious yet tragic past. He is naturally cautious of strangers due to his Chow mixture but he is deathly afraid of pre-teen and teenage boys. We can only guess what type of life he once had. We are working on his trust issues and his issues with believing that all strangers are bad people and feel he would not be suited in a home with children. Once his trust is earned though, you will reap the benefits of a loving and loyal companion who is happy to just spend time with you. To apply for adoption, please fill out an on-line application at. Save Ohio Strays does NOT claim or guarantee any breeds given in this description. These strays come from shelters so there is usually no further knowledge. These are best guess descriptions for breed. SOS NEVER ships pets and will not adopt out to a driving radius greater than 3 hours from Medina, Ohio.To read more or comment...
Found: Dog near Firestone Park Library
Found 02-18-11 around 4 pm near Firestone Park Library. Older male, white face possibly a lab mix. Neutered and house broken. Very well mannered and missing his family. 330-734-5488.To read more or comment...
Lost: Male Golden Retriever
Male Golden Retriever, 3-years-old, went missing 2/16 on east market between 91 and 76 east. Name is Frank (male). He has a black spot on his tongue, very energetic and friendly. If you have any information please contact me, please help us bring our dog home. 330-858-7710.To read more or comment...
SOS Adoptee of the Day: Zena!
Breed: American Bulldog - Pit Bull Terrier (mix)
Gender: Female
Altered: Yes
Ref. no.: 100330M
Ohio Lets Dog Abusers Off Easy
Among all states and their animal cruelty laws, Ohio ranks 45th out of 50 in how the state prosecutes animal abusers.
Back in 2009, pets.ohio.com told you about an Ohio kennel owner who was sued after he starved a dog (and 11 others) in his care. These dogs were left with him by pet owners who had to go on trips and wanted to place their dog in a safe place. Instead, the owners of Nitro, a Rottweiler left at the kennel, were called by police while on their trip and informed that Nitro had been starved to death.To read more or comment...
One of a Kind Pet Rescue Open House
One of a Kind Pet Rescue in Akron, Ohio held a wine and cheese open house on February 16, 2011 to help introduce the public to the facility, which opened on October 2010. Visit them at read more or comment...
Cats sleep where they like
A pets.ohio.com reader sent this photo of her cat, along with a note:
"Ruby has been an odd cat from day one. She has never slept where a normal cat would, nor in a normal cat position. This is her comfy lego spot. Others include, on the top bunk under the blankets, and in Dad's chair upside down."To read more or comment...
Stray Cat Controls Rats at Prime Minister's Home
A stray tabby is being enlisted by British Prime Minister David Cameron to help control a rat problem at his official residence at 10 Downing Street in London.To read more or comment....To read more or comment...
Found: Neopolitan Mastiff in the Goodyear Metro parks area
Found in the Goodyear Metro parks area about February 1st. If he is yours please call and describe. 330-697-0873.To read more or comment...
PAWS Pet of the Week: Meet Alexia!.To read more or comment...
Lost: black lab (female) CINDER
CINDER BLACK LAB HAS BEEN MISSING FROM HOME SINCE MID AFTERNOON 2-6-11 ANY INFO PLEASE CALL 330-475-6608.To read more or comment...
Found Dog on West Exchange Street. Male w red collar
I found a dog around 4:45 (February 7th) wondering in traffic on West Exchange. He is a male, neutered, short hair. mostly black with large ears and weighs about 40 lbs (my best guess). He is very friendly. 330-592-5852To read more or comment...
Lost dog in Suffield off Waterloo Road
I live off of Waterloo Rd in Suffield. My husband let Ebony out at 8:30 a.m and when he went back out to get her she was gone. We searched the entire neighborhood by both car and foot, and have not seen her. I have went door to door and no one knows anything. Ebony was recently groomed, a purple collar and a white and multi-colored bandanna. She is entirely black with the exception of a little gray under her chin. She is the sweetest dog and my family misses her so much. She never gets loose and we are new to the neighborhood, so I don't know if she can find her way back home. I went to the vet on St. Rt 532 in Mogadore and a woman had called and said she found a dog on Waterloo Rd early Sunday morning, so I am praying that is Ebony, If you have any information please call Jodi at (330)532-7243...thank you so much.To read more or comment...
Short hair retriever spotted at Rolling Acres Sears
Stray, medium size, short hair retriever look alike, almost white with tan down center of back. Has a collar with tags; can't get close enough to read tags. Very docile but won't come close.To read more or comment...
Lost: Male Boxer North Hill Area
Please help! Lost Male Boxer Brindle with black face 2 years old. Great dog very friendly! He needs to come home his very missed! 330-819-4789.To read more or comment...
Hattie Larlham facility dog day care to get bigger digs, move closer to Akron-Canton Airport, add staff
By Kathy Antoniotti
Beacon Journal staff writer
Lost: Female black lab mixes Schocalog Rd/White Pond Drive area
Maggie and Lucy both got loose Friday afternoon. Both female black lab mixes, each weighs about 50 pounds, both have tags. Schocalog Rd/White Pond Drive area of Akron. Please call 330-864-0717. REWARD!!!To read more or comment...
Lost dog: Buchtel Avenue near the University of Akron
My roommates and I lost our dog today. His name is Oso and he's a medium to large dog, about 50 pounds. He was lost near Buchtel Avenue near the University of Akron around 5 PM today. Please call me if you find him- we really miss our puppy! Thank you so much!
330-807-4404.
Lost Yorkie in Firestone Park/Akron
On Saturday January 29, 2010 our beloved family pet went outside to use the restroom and got out of our gated back yard. We believe that she is still in the area. She weighs less than 10 pounds her fur is tan and black. She has a lavender bow in her hair a pink collar and a black and white polka dot dress on that says fashion forever. She has been a member of our family for several years and my children and I miss her dearly! If you have her please contact me ASAP (330) 926-6038.To read more or comment...
Post-Olympic slaughter of 100 sled dogs prompts rage, embarrassment
VANCOUVER, British Columbia -- An organization that fights animal abuse is calling the slaughter of up to 100 sled dogs by an outdoor adventure company in British Columbia a bloodbath and police are investigating.To read more or comment...
- 2013 (49)
- 2012 (353)
- 2011 (380)
- 2010 (415)
- 2009 (776)
- 2008 (2)
Stories via email
Sign up to receive a daily email containing new posts published on pets.ohio.com.
<|endofexample|>
Midpark
Streetsboro
Midpark
,,
Avon Lake scored the first goal in this key Southwestern Conference battle, but Amherst scored the next four to defeat the Shoregals 4-1. Junior Emily O'Connor led off the scoring for Avon Lake assisted by Senior Kailey McClain. Near the end of the first half, Ally Perkins knotted the score for the Lady Comets as the two teams played to a 1-1 tie at half. Then in the second half, Amherst exploded for 3 goals to secure the victory. Ally Perkins added two more tallies to record a hat trick and Rachel Johnston added the final goal for the Lady Comets who move to 6-1-1 on the season.
In goal for Amherst was Ashley Ferguson who recorded 7 saves, while the Shoregal net was shared by Junior Amy Crooks with 2 saves and Senior Abby Rogers with 3 saves.
In JV action, Amherst used a late goal in the last two minutes to win 3-2 over Avon Lake. Shoregal goals were scored by Kayla Kress assisted by Elise Duvall and Molly Jeffries assisted by Molly Maloney. In goal for the Shoregals was Amy Crooks with 3 saves and Lindsay Butler with 2 saves.
<|endofexample|>
B-247-44
[1818/1819]
I cannot say, when I last wrote my beloved
sister- but believe it is much longer than it
ought to have been as an excuse for which I
may only say that one engagement has follow=
ed after another which it would be difficult
for me to enumerate-- & I really don t know
weather thou hast had a line form me since our
yearly meetg----therefore will just say that we
were rea[illegible] favoured at the Season and
if thou hast not heard who of traveling friends etc
attended, & hast a desire to know- please enquire
in thy next-
7th mo 8th- I began this letter several weeks ago-
when a verbal account reach d me that thou, and
dear brother were probably on your way here
so I put by my writing with the pleasing prospect
that I might soon have an opportunity of verbal
converse----but a letter form brother Thomas
of a late date- discourages the prospect, as he
says nothing about it- I intended after the
receit of his letter to my SRF thou should have
had a token of my remembrance, & love ere now
-but really the Very Warm Weather, has so debilitated
<|endofexample|>
Search
Rss.
Öhlins has a special racing department with more than 30 employees that are devoted to deliver first class suspension and racing support 365 days a year to our paying customers. The most prestigious racing teams actually have exclusive, dedicated service technicians from Öhlins that travels along during the entire season to guarantee optimal performance and function on every single race and test.
Racing involves comprehensive testing operations. Everything must be at its best in order to be able to keep up with the competition in racing: planning, technical know-how, rider capacity, the track, the tyres, the motorcycle, the suspension… This is why in principle all of our development and competition operations are based on testing. We firmly believe that it is only testing that enables us to see how a shock really works under different conditions.
We usually base our work on a certain motorcycle model for which we specially build the shocks. Using computers we then make a basic setting in our laboratory. However, even though the laboratory tests give us a good picture of how the shocks should be adjusted, they are nonetheless simply a basic model to work on. The final adjustments have to be made under real conditions on the track. And if it is to be done properly, it takes time. And it's about so much more than shock absorbers, front forks, cartridge kits and steering dampers. Ever since 1976 track service and support has been an important part of the Öhlins way. Through our own race technicians and our distributor network we offer service technicians with on-track support and races and test sessions.
Example: Ducati Monster 2004 or DU321
Öhlins Racing AB
Box 722
S-194 27 Upplands Väsby
Sweden
info@ohlins.se
<|endofexample|>
In the News - Ohlone College Newark Center for Health Sciences and Technology
News articles and press releases specifically related to the Ohlone College Newark Center for the current academic year are re-published on our website. Earlier articles are a available in the In the News Archive. See College Advancement Media Relations for Ohlone College press releases and news articles.
Spring 2012
-.
Fall Professor Gives Back After Life Changing Knee Transplant, September 12, 2011
Earlier articles are a available in the In the News Archive.
<|endofexample|>
Ohoka Wedding Venues & Christchurch Wedding Planning
Experience Christchurch country weddings in Ohoka
Just 25 minutes drive from the city centre; Ohoka is a delightful village providing everything you need to make your ultimate country wedding experience.
Nestled in Ohoka is a warm, friendly, relaxed group of people whose aim is to make your country wedding day special for you.
This unique country experience can cater to all your needs. Whether small and intimate or a large more extravagant wedding, there is a venue for you in Ohoka.
Canterbury Wedding Venues Choose from a historic chapel at Millwood that was built in 1865, or a romantic winery at Darjon vineyards or maybe a large marquee set in a beautiful romantic garden at Rosemount. At our Canterbury wedding venues, we can cater for all your ceremony and reception needs.
Wedding Transport You may want to arrive in a horse and carriage or perhaps a classic car or two; check out the options in the transport section.
Wedding Accommodation Pamper yourself at one of the luxury bed and breakfasts all within a few minutes drive of our wedding venues; check out the options in the accommodation section.
Christchurch Wedding Services There is a huge range of services provided right here in Ohoka; from the beginning of your day having your make up done through to having your bouquet preserved and framed, all your finer details on your tables to a string quartet, it's all right here in Ohoka.
Christchurch Wedding Photography One of Christchurch's top wedding photographers can help capture lasting memories of your day.
JOIN US FOR THE WEDDING
OF YOUR DREAMS
"For an unforgettable day, celebrate with a picturesque, rural Canterbury wedding in Ohoka."
Overview of Ohoka Wedding Planning Services | New Zealand Web Marketing by Avatar
<|endofexample|>
. Take inspiration from our collections to suit all tastes and budgets. View by colour, view by theme for easy inspiration.
Oh So Cherished has put together some stunning products to inspire you especially for finishing touches, from pretty and romantic, to chic and contemporary. Whether you're a vintage bride or a modern fashionista, Oh So Cherished helps create your perfect theme for your wedding right down to the last detail.
Delivery Information
Exchanges
Returns & Refunds
Online Gift Shops
Oh So Cherished -
<|endofexample|>
Residents
Current Residents
Paul Lewis, MD (PGY8)
Medical School: Stanford School of Medicine
Internship: UCSF Pediatrics
Residency: University of Utah Pediatrics (PGY 2, 3 & Chief Year)
Fellowship: University of Washington Pediatric Infectious Diseases
Hobbies/Interests: Reading, Backcountry Skiing, Biking
What I love about Oregon: Urban Growth Boundary
Preventive Medicine Residency Projects: Health Evidence Review Commission, OHA Strategic Communication
Jennifer Gilbert, MD, MPH (PGY5) CO-CHIEF RESIDENT
Medical School: University of Maryland
Residency: UC Davis
Hobbies/Interests: hiking, running, kayaking, watching live music
What I love about Oregon: close access to rivers, coast, and mountains; lively music scene
Preventive Medicine Residency Projects: Evidence summary and early childhood policy development at Center for Evidence-based Policy
Matthew Dubrow, DO (PGY5) CO-CHIEF RESIDENT
Medical School: The Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine
Residency: Family Medicine Residency at The Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine
Hobbies/Interests: Woodworking, Hiking, Camping, Fishing, Kayaking, Biking Interests - Studying native plants and wild edibles, Nutrition
What I love about Oregon: There are too many things I love about Oregon to list them all. Some of my favorites are Ramona Falls, extinct cinder cone volcanos dotting the landscape, the Cascade Range, salmon everywhere, the painted desert, the cloud cover and misty rain, sea otters and the cool air. Among the reasons I chose to move to Oregon are the clean air, food and water, and a society invested in a tradition of bettering itself and living as a community.
Preventive Medicine Residency Projects: My practicum site will be at the Oregon Health Authority where I'll be developing my understanding of healthcare systems and learning how those systems are built, maintained, monitored, and altered.
Jessi Khangura, MD (PGY5)
Medical School: OHSU
Residency: OHSU Internal Medicine
Fellowship: OHSU Cardiovascular Medicine
Hobbies/Interests: Rock climbing, backpacking, white water rafting, skiing
What I love about Oregon: So many fun outdoorsy things to do!
Preventive Medicine Residency Projects/Interests: Quality Improvement Projects regarding evaluation and treatment of Congestive Heart Failure
Hetal Patel, MD (PGY4)
Medical School: University of Maryland, School of Medicine
Residency: University Hospitals of Case Western Reserve University Family Medicine
Hobbies/Interest: Cooking, Crafts, Traveling
What I love about Oregon: The beautiful green environment, the food carts, all the friendly people, the farmer's market, and its closeness to everything coast, mountains, desert… the geographic diversity
It is completely an different experience then East Coast.
Preventive Medicine Residency Projects/Interest: At VA I will be working on Population Management of Diabetes, and also through other practicum experience I want to learn the policy aspect of primary care in order to influence chronic disease management. In the big picture, I want to learn about different health care systems, and how they are managed.
Paige Hatcher, MD (PGY4)
Medical School: University of Kansas - Wichita
Residency: OHSU Family Medicine
Hobbies: My three-legged Great Dane, gardening, yoga, cooking/dining out
Interests: Women's Health, Mental Health, Primary Care, Quality Improvement, Health Policy
Preventive Medicine Residency Clinical Experience: Women's Health Clinic for Clackamas County @ Richmond Family Health Center - patients referred for high-risk pregnancy or colposcopy
Preventive Medicine Residency Practicum Site: Office of Health Policy and Research - working with the Patient-Centered Primary Care Home Program
Patty Frew, MD (PGY4)
Medical School: OHSU
Residency: OHSU Family Medicine
Hobbies/Interests: Maternity care, Care of children and underserved populations; Spending time with family, Gardening, Thrifting
What I love about Oregon: Geographic diversity and personalities
Tina Oliver, MD (PGY3)
Medical School: University of California at Davis School of Medicine
Residency: Internal Medicine at Legacy in Portland, Oregon
Hobbies/Interests: Spending time with my family (husband, 5 y/o daughter and newborn daughter), hiking, reading, cycling, traveling
What I love about Oregon: It's so green and wonderful! It is paradise. Many like-minded people, living their lives not too fast, taking time and paying attention. Great place to raise kids.
Preventive Medicine Residency Projects: Maternal & Child Health Department at the Oregon Health Authority.
Rachel Seltzer, MD (PGY2)
Medical School: Oregon Health & Science University
Residency: OHSU Family Medicine
Hobbies: Running/hiking with my four-legged buddy Sophie, good food, wide open spaces, choral music, coffee shops.
Interests: Health policy, health systems transformation, Regional health delivery systems
What I love about Oregon: The full-spectrum climates, both the weather and the politics. It's beautifully temperature, with beaches, fertile valleys, mountain ranges, and high desert. Oregonians are wholesome, and more community-oriented, as a people. And the excellent food, beer, and wine make for ideal re-centering opportunities!
Preventive Medicine Residency Projects: OHSU Occupational Health Clinic and quantiferon assay investigation protocol; legislative research around the smoking ban in cars with children.
Recent Graduates:
Christina Baumann, MD, MPH: Graduated June 2012 and is presently a clinical epidemiologist with the OHSU Center for Evidence-based Policy, working on their Medicaid Evidence-based Decisions Project (MED). She is also a clinician at Central City Concern's Old Town Clinic and doing contract work for the Multnomah County Health Department.
Mellisa Pensa, MD, MPH: Graduated August 2012 and is a clinical faculty member in the Department of Family Medicine at the University of Virginia.
Douglas Lincoln, MD, MPH: Graduated July 2011 and is currently practicing as a Pediatrician in an underserved rural area in Pennsylvania via the National Health Service Corps.
Kenneth Gleitsmann, MD, MPH: Graduated June 2011 and is practicing as an Ophthalmologist in Hilton Head, SC.
Sarah Present, MD, MPH: Graduated August 2011 and is currently working in Family Medicine and Obstetrics at SEAMAR Community Health Center in Vancouver, WA.
Nicole Yonke, MD, MPH: Graduated June 2011 and is completing a two-year clinical & public health/research fellowship in maternal, child, and reproductive health at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque.
<|endofexample|>
02.11.2012
No. 2 Oregon Tech marched to a 95-69 victory tonight over eighth-rated Northwest. (photo by Kelly Caleb)
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore. – In a battle of Top-10 teams, and an outright lead in the Cascade Conference standings, No. 2 Oregon Tech left no doubt as the top team in the CCC. The Hustlin’ Owls, honoring their three seniors prior to the tip, led by as many as 18 points in the opening half, on the way to a decisive 95-69 victory tonight over No. 8 Northwest University at Danny Miles Court.
Oregon Tech moves to 25-3 overall and 14-2 in the CCC standings, while Northwest drops is 24-3 overall and 14-3 in the conference standings.
With one win next weekend, or a Northwest loss versus Evergreen, Oregon Tech will capture a fourth-straight CCC regular season title.
The teams kept it close over the first 10 minutes of play, as the Owls clung to a two point lead, 14-12, midway through the opening period. Jodan Kiely capped an 8-0 Tech run on a layup to give the Owls their first double digit advantage with 8:37 on the clock.
NU answered with a 3-point field goal, but Tech would pull away, eventually taking an 18 point lead on a pair of Bobby Hunter freebies to make it 43-25.
NU would cut the deficit to 12, but with the clock ticking, Kiely found a wide open Kyle Gomez in the corner for a 3-pointer as the halftime buzzer sounded to send the Owls with momentum and a 15 point advantage, 47-32.
Coming out of the half, Gomez gave the Owls their first 20+ point advantage on a short jumper in the paint, and would eventually move out to a 26 point lead with 8:36 remaining to play.
NU, over the next two minutes, mounted a comeback bid, but could get no closer than 18 with 6:47 to play. Oregon Tech would let it get no closer as the Owls pulled away, eventually winning by a 95-69 final.
Bobby Hunter led the Tech offensive attack with 26 points and added six boards, four assists and three steals. Kyle Gomez finished the night with a 20 point effort, including four rebounds, four assists a block and two steals. Jason Gamblin added 17 points, while Jordan Kiely and David Clarke finished with seven points each and combined for nine rebounds and seven assists.
Tyler Mendezona led NU with a team-high 15 points, followed by 10 points each from Ahmaad Cook and Rich Skillman.
Oregon Tech travels to Northwest Christian Friday and Corban Saturday in the final two regular season CCC contests of the year. The Owls will host the quarterfinals of the CCC tournament on Wednesday, February 22nd with an opponent to be determined. All postseason games will tip at 7:00 p.m.
Athletics
Athletics Home Archive
Basketball-Men
oit@oit.edu
Klamath Falls
Wilsonville
La Grande
Seattle
Online
800.422.2017
© 2013
<|endofexample|>
This is very odd. Quigley’si’s sin is in the eyes of the educational establishment: She is an outsider, not a member of the school board-teachers’ union club, and she is a Republican. She challenges the failed system in which so many teachers and administrators are so comfortable; therefore, she must be destroyed.
It didn’t
<|endofexample|>
March 8, 2011 - 9:51pm
Colin Firth has just won an Oscar for The King's Speech, so what will his next career move be? It sounds like he'll moving over into Robert Pattinson's territory and playing a vampire! OK! VIDEO: COLIN FIRTH OSCAR ACCEPTANCE SPEECH — "I HAVE A FEELING MY CAREER JUST PEAKED" According to The Daily Mail, Colin has signed on to play a vampire in the upcoming film, Stoker. And the Oscar-winning actress ... Read More >>
<|endofexample|>
We found others like this one!
1960 Buick
, OR
1959 Buick
Warner, AB
1959 Buick
Benicia, CA
1963 Buick
, CA
1962 Buick
Enid, OK
1962 Buick
, MN
1961 Buick Le Saber
$15,900 USD
Black Tie ClassicsStratford, New Jersey
Phone Number
856-309-8808
888-590-2747
- Ad #: 563702
- Stock #: 284935
- Antique/Classic
- Odometer: 0
- Price: $15,900
FOR SALE: 1961 Buick Le Saber
A NICE 4 door buick the entire family can have FUN IN !!! Has the POWERFUL 401 V8, auto trans and power brakes...... NICE Brown paint with the two-tone brown and Grey interior... You can DRIVE THIS ONE DAILY !!! Take a look at her pics and give us a call for more infornation on a classic piece of BUICK HISTORY .....
We found others like this one!
1960 Buick
, OR
1959 Buick
Warner, AB
1959 Buick
Benicia, CA
1963 Buick
, CA
1962 Buick
Enid, OK
1962 Buick
, MN
<|endofexample|>
Oils supplied by Langley-Smith & Co. Ltd in the 1920s.
OldClassicCar.
(C) R. Jones 2013.
The range of "Langol" lubricants on offer to the motorist in the late 1920s.
This small leaflet, listing the prices for Langol Motor Oils, was found in a bookshop some years ago. The cover confirms the date of March 1927, and the Directors of the parent company, Langley-Smith & Co. Limited of St. Mary Axe, in London EC3.
The image above shows the cover, a scan of the Langley's logo on the rear cover, and the main price list within. The logo features a 20s motor-car, surrounded by the words "Langley's Latest Lubricants - 'Langol' Motor Oils" and their address.
The Langol range comprised of a variety of oils to suit many different applications...
Special De Luxe Motor Oil.
A heavy and full-bodied oil not losing its lubricating properties at high temperatures. Specially prepared for Motor Cycles, and certain types of foreign engines employing force-feed lubrication. 3/6.
Heavy Motor Oil.
One of the most popular brands on the market. Heavy bodied, but free flowing at low temperatures. For air and water-cooled engines. 3/-.
Medium Motor Oil.
The best all-round oil for most medium powered and light cars. This oil has most excellent tests. For water-cooled engines. 2/9.
Arctic Motor Oil.
An oil particularly well suited to cars of American origin. An alternative to the Medium grade for use in winter. Fluid at zero. 2/6.
Ford Motor Oil - USA.
This is the actual oil used for Ford cars throughout the USA and there is nothing to beat it. 2/-.
Special Ford Motor Oil.
An excellent oil giving good results, but we offer this merely to meet the competition of cheap Ford oils on the market. 1/10.
Lorry Oil.
A specially prepared oil for practically all types of commercial vehicles. Very economical in use. 2/8.
Gear Oil.
A highly filtered very viscous oil which will obviate noise and wear in gear-box and transmission. 2/0.
The second page of the price list features various grades of machine oil, including special lubricants such as Gas Engine Oil, and a special odourless Sweet Oil. Three options for tractor users were on offer - Extra Heavy, No.1 Heavy, and Heavy Dark.
All the prices shown here are for a 40 gallon barrel of the quoted oil! Smaller 20 gallon, 10 gallon, and 5 gallon oil drums were also available, although as this is a Trade Only Parts List I expect most would opt for the 40 gallon option.
Primarily therefore, Langley-Smoth dealt in lubricants aimed at the user of the internal combustion engine, however they also supplied other products, including seed oils (such as Linseed, Colza, Castor and Sanctuary Oil), Turpentine, and what they class as 'sundries', for example Cod Liver, Sperm (whale blubber), Lard, Tallow, Neatsfoot and Fish Frying Oil.
If anyone has any photos of Langol Motor Oils signs, or oil tins, it'd be interesting to see them if possible!
Return to the
car collectables
section, to read about more unusual motoring-related items. For example, another leaflet issued by an oil company, this time Dextrol Motor Oils, can be seen
here
.
Custom Search (C) R. Jones.
Website by ableweb
.
<|endofexample|>
Top Five Characteristics of a Winning Resume
- Details
- Parent Category: Business & Finance
- Category: Employment
- Published on Wednesday, 06 June 2012 14:48
- Written by Rachel Herron
- Hits: 739
Prior to the U.S. economic meltdown, which started in the home mortgage market and systematically moved across corporate and commercial bank lending, the job market was booming. Jobs were at a surplus. Candidates were solely judged on their merit and experience. However, with changing times, employers are looking at newer ways to eliminate unqualified candidates sooner in the recruiting process in order to save time and money. The recruitment process has become more of a practice of elimination than selection. One of the major areas that affect your job prospects is the presence of a great resume. Take the first step in presenting yourself to prospective employers by creating the perfect resume.
Great resumes are marketing tools that define your skills and abilities to the employer. Therefore, formatting your resume to suit the employer’s need is your main objective. Here are some distinct ways you can determine if you have a great resume:
Relate Your Contributions.
Employers always seek candidates who have made valuable contributions to the environment they were once a part of. It does not actually matter whether the contribution is big or small. The goal is to try to relate your contributions with the position for which you’re applying.
Accentuate The Positive.
Focus on your strengths. Define your positive attributes to help a prospective employer understand you better. Avoid mentioning weaknesses. Your goal is to impress the employer as they review your resume.
Be Truthful.
It is never a good idea to lie on your resume. Employers always extend job offers with a clause that gives them the right to terminate your employment, at any time, if you are found to have given false information.
Relevant Experience.
Employers will scan through your resume for any related experience that might give them a reason to pick you over another candidate. Therefore, your experience needs to be well organized and easily transferable for the company to understand how you will fit into their organization.
Expertise.
In addition to education, skills and experience, your expertise will differentiate you from others applying for the same job. With years of experience, you may have gained expertise that puts you above the status quo. This will give your resume a big boost and a great reason for an employer to choose you. This is especially true with technical jobs.
Rachel Herron is the Principal & Founder of RachelsResumes.com and writes a blog entitled Resume Advice from HR. She has worked as a Human Resource Manager for over ten years specializing in recruiting, interviewing, hiring and orientation. In her role, as a Human Resource Manager, she has come across many job seekers who have a hard time conveying their strengths and abilities well enough on their resumes to land that desired job. Rachel seeks to help people create their personal brand and use it to communicate their talents and successes.
Find out more about Rachel’s resume writing services by contacting her via This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or by visiting.
Image courtesy of freeditigalphotos.net, digitalart
<|endofexample|>
Washington.
Olin by the Numbers
<|endofexample|>
The Town of Oliver will commence its 2013 water main flushing program:
In-town on Tuesday, May 21st, 2013
Rural Areas on Monday, May 27th, 2013, or $300.
If you disagree with the decision of the subdivision approving officer, you may appeal to the BC Supreme Court for an order to have the Approving Officer approve your plans..
The Town of Oliver will commence its 2013 water main flushing program:
In-town on Tuesday, May 21st, 2013
Rural Areas on Monday, May 27th, 2013
Deadline: 2:00 pm, Monday, May 27, 2013
In consultation with Interior Health, the Town of Oliver is terminating the boil water notice that was issued on April 5, 2013, effective immediately.
Council Meeting Information and Schedule
<|endofexample|>
The project’s purpose is to further the educational design and dissemination of an online tool to support and facilitate self-and-peer assessment of individual contributions in large group work projects. The online tool supports group work processes through facilitating self-and-peer assessment by providing quantitative and qualitative feedback, evaluation, reflection and review opportunities..
77 resources found for ‘online learning support’.
Supporting student peer assessment and review in large groupwork projects.
Learning to teach online: developing high-quality video and text resources to help educators teach online
Business education in the 21st century: Examining the antecedents and consequences of student team virtuality
This.
An integrated system for online clinical assessment of practical skills (eCAPS) for web-based courses
Supporting Learning and Teaching at a Distance Forum November 2006
Developing and disseminating team skills capacities using interactive online tools for team formation,
IS-IT learning? Online interdisciplinary scenario-inquiry tasks for active learning in large, first year STEM courses
Renewing the curriculum to more effectively accommodate clinical rotation
A guide to supervision in social work field education
.
e-Teaching leadership: planning and implementing a benefits-oriented costs model for technology enhanced learning
The Medici project: developing a multi-disciplinary, sustainable resource for blended learning initiatives in tertiary medical education
.
Implementing effective learning designs.
Building a network of academics who use, contribute to and disseminate, an online, cost-effective histology learning and teaching resource
Creating accessible teaching and support for students with disabilities
eDST: Decision support tools for multi-disciplinary applications in higher education.
Peer review of online learning and teaching: online resources
Go to pages
You are on page 1
<|endofexample|>
In Olympia, It’s Still the Water Olympia is different—same as it ever was.
Reprinted from Seattle Met, Tripster.
An artesian well sounds like something out of a fairy tale, but Olympia’s is little more than a lead pipe in a parking lot. Instead of a bucket-and-rope setup, a two-inch pipe pours like a faucet onto a stretch of blacktop behind Fourth Avenue. It never stops, every minute dumping 10 gallons of water that burbles up from 90 feet underground.
On a sunny spring day, the stream of Olympians carrying empty tubs and bottles to the artesian well is almost as steady as the water itself. Some look itinerant, bathing by dipping heads and hands under the flow. Others are stocking up, pulling water-cooler bottles and empty milk jugs from the back of pickup trucks. Skateboarders wearing every shade of black—this town reminds you how many shades there are—cup their hands for a quick drink of the cold, crisp liquid, and a young woman wanders out of a nearby storefront with a glass pitcher in hand.
The logo for Olympia Beer has read “It’s the Water” since 1902, crediting a similar artesian well a few miles from this parking—lot aquifer, even though the signature brew left town (and the state) in 2003. The old Olympia Brewhouse, a stately redbrick edifice at the foot of Tumwater Falls, looks the classic haunted house with plants growing through shattered windows, rusty gates, and battered roofs.
But it was always the water here; native tribes once harvested shellfish from Budd Inlet, the fat finger that forms Puget Sound’s southernmost tip. In 1850, Americans staked out a commercial waterfront town. Seattle founder Arthur Denny reportedly called it “the greatest and about the only place north of Portland” when it was made the state capital.
Since then Olympia has been surpassed in size by Seattle (and 20 other state metro areas), but has cultivated a reputation. It’s best known for an idiosyncratic art scene—this is where people fashion jellyfish costumes out of foam bits and pipe cleaners to march in the annual Procession of the Species parade.
There are almost as many species on procession at the Olympia Farmers Market, a covered, open-air complex abutting the city’s industrial timber yards. Buskers with white-kid dreads pick guitar strings from the performance stage, then give way to a funk-inspired bluegrass band. When kiosks open for Thursday–to–Sunday stretches, shoppers haul produce, bread, local meats, and craft purchases in reusable bags. The town centers on state business—there are some 24,000 government employees here—but there are more Birkenstock sandals than suits.
Ecofriendliness is more than a habit in Olympia; it’s practically a governing ethos. This is the home of “greeners,” named for the alternative scene at the Evergreen State College, whose mascot is a phallic mollusk, the geoduck (check worn Volvos for bumper stickers calling it the “Ever Strange Green College”).
It’s Evergreen interns that staff the gardens at the Fertile Ground Guesthouse next to Olympia’s library; the students do herbal studies as they maintain rows of vegetables and greenery. Inside the hundred-year-old Fertile Ground house is a sauna built from sustainably harvested cedar and redwood and a library that owner Karen Nelson hand-plastered herself. On a tour of her B&B’s grounds, she describes the Commons, a space she’s creating with the house next door to host CSA pickups, natural food workshops, and tool shares.
Evergreen’s most famous son is Simpsons creator Matt Groening, but he left town after graduating. Calvin Johnson, on the other hand, has been a part of Olympia’s cultural fabric since before he even enrolled. In the ’70s, the local teen was a punk fan, musician, and DJ at local station KAOS; after graduating from Evergreen he founded K Records, which once defined the West Coast independent punk scene. Kurt Cobain tattooed his own left arm with the company logo, even though the label turned down his demo tape (Cobain got over the rejection and signed Nirvana with Sub Pop, another Olympia-born enterprise).
Johnson fairly embodies Olympia’s fiercely independent music scene. He now operates K Records out of Olympia’s old synagogue, these days releasing albums in small batches and digital downloads instead of cassettes. He has undeniable punk-rock bona fides—he once asked Henry Rollins, when the Black Flag front man heckled him midshow, “Didn’t your mother teach you any manners?” But outside of band practice, he’s soft-spoken and sits almost preternaturally still. Wearing a white scarf, plaid shirt, and denim cutoffs, Johnson considers his hometown. “You’re only going to make music here if you want to,” he says, noting that few Olympia acts become rich and famous. “There’s a lot of creative energy here…it feeds on itself.”
The music scene here has always been well fed. In the ’90s it spawned Riot Grrrl culture with Sleater-Kinney and the Gossip; today it’s represented by what Johnson calls “a lot of good heavy music” and bands like Broken Water and Christian Mistresses. This month, Seattle writer Mark Baumgarten releases a chronicle of the Olympia scene called Love Rock Revolution: K Records and the Rise of Independent Music. But Johnson says he probably won’t read his own biography. When asked where Olympia’s music scene will be in five years, his answer is typically literal and laconic: “Olympia.”
That’s the thing about oly; it’s hard to describe it as anything but itself. It’s smaller than Portland, weirder than Tacoma, a bigger player than Spokane. Olympia Beer may have been exported out of state, but what arose in its place is even more, well, Olympia: Fish Tale Organic Ale. As one brewer says from Fish headquarters, “_This_ is the Olympia Brewery now.” The organic grains and hops, by the way, aren’t just ecofriendly; they make the malt slightly sweeter.
Murals painted in electric blues and oranges coat the exterior of Fish’s brewery and brewpub. There are more than a dozen such exterior walls downtown, one expressing solidarity with Rafah, Palestine, in honor of an Evergreen student activist who died while protesting in Gaza. Another reimagines the cast of Star Wars as bubble-faced cartoons. Every inch of Olympia, it seems, needs to express itself.
For a long time, the parking-lot artesian well expressed nothing more than water, but this year it gets its own coat of many colors. Local artist -Jennifer Kuhns has gussied up the concrete stanchions around it with fish murals, installed with volunteers she crowdsourced over Facebook. The water source is still basically a pipe in the ground, but it’s getting a little prettier.
And true to Olympia style, all comers to the parking lot express something a little different. Besides the usual greeners—adorned with tattoos or stretched earlobes, army pants or peasant skirts—are suburban moms exiting minivans and tourists road-tripping from Alaska. After a dog laps from the surging stream, a woman in a pink pantsuit leans over to fill her bottle, taking care not to get her beige pumps wet. It’s everyone’s water.
<|endofexample|>
Details
New, original military issue jungle boots in black... "the last of a dying breed." These boots have a rubber panama style sole (see pic) and include the steel spike protective shank and speed lace eyelets. Typical jungle boot construction with nylon upper, leather lower, and two metal drain-screen grommets on the instep of each boot. These were built to take abuse while on duty in some of the most unforgiving parts of the world. Pick them up while they last, as real jungle boots are getting difficult to find anymore. New, old stock, with typical storage wear: oxidation on metal parts, minor marks on leather, rubber, and metal.
<|endofexample|>
App Review: Google+ for Tablets and the Revised UI
So Google decided to drop us a new UI for the Google+ app, which at least to me was very welcome. Honestly, I couldn’t stand the previous version as it was clunky and annoyingly over-cropped photos in the timeline.
Tablet owners got an extra perk as the UI is “enhanced”. I love that word, it makes me feel special. I finally got a chance to hope on my tab and update to see what they did, and I’ll admit I’m highly impressed.
The new UI is freaking beautiful. The posts in the time line really stand out and no longer seemed crunched in together. Scrolling is smooth and seamless and the gestures for pulling up info in each post is a nice touch.
Hangouts still need some work. I found it disconnecting me a lot on my wifi connection with strong signal strength. They added in the camera switch when someone talks which you get on the web version, which works pretty well for the most part. There’s still some delay before it swaps around so hopefully it’ll be patched up soon to speed it up. To bring up the menu for turning your camera and mic on and off, simply press toward the top of the screen. Be quick though, as it fades the menu back out fairly quick at times.
As fellow staff member Cliff has ranted about numerous times since it went live, there’s no one click button to post something. It’s now a drop down menu which gives you the option to share a thought, photo, or location. This is no big issue. Cliff is just real picky.
All in all, they did a hell of a job with the update for the tablets and it’s a nice “user experience”. As much as I hate that term, it actually relates in this case. The UI takes solid advantage of having that bigger tablet screen and is very enjoyable.
Now enjoy some screens I took!
<|endofexample|>
National and international transportation - Local deliveries
Fleet of articulated trucks for rotations on Italy and Marseilles.
12 m3 to 40 m3 capacity trucks, equipped with tailgate
Attendance in Nice Airopor for daily freight transfer to Monaco
Partners network in France and all over the world for import and export, as well as road, sea and air transportation.
Specialized in dedicated and personalized transports.
Congresses and Fairs Logistic
O.M.M. is a major logistic asset for your exhibition, offering own teams available on site, holidays and week-end included, for unloading and reloading of equipments, setting up, storage of empty packages, transportation.
Storeman at disposal of the ehibitors for handling and setting up.
Forklifts with drivers (loading capacity upto 5 tons)
Storeroom located in the hearth of Monaco, allowing a quick approach to event sites.
Our references : Agred carrier for Grimaldi Forum, all exhibition sites
(Circus, CPAM..); official service provider for Monaco Yacht Show (Port of Monaco), Luxe Pack, Sportel (Grimaldi Forum), International Circus Festival.
Close cooperation with Hotels Congresses service of the Principality.
HEAVY HANDLING - RELOCATIONS
O.M.M. is specialized in the relocation, the handling (included safe, piano, etc), use of crane, packing make up.
WORK OF ART
Sensitive handling, paking and unpacking, custom and transportation.
CUSTOM FORMALITIES
Authorized custom broker, O.M.M. provides all custom formalities : import, export, temporary admission, bonded warehouse and excise, loading of goods and provisions
STOREROOM
5000 m² available on 3 different places (Monaco, Nice and Marseilles), for storage, furniture repository, bonded stores, order planning and handling.
FISCAL PRODUCTION
OMM provide the procedure of VAT tax refund for companies set up out of European Union.
<|endofexample|>
Multi-processing Permits Bypass of Security Software
Matousec has recently shaken up the security software industry with a paper and demonstration showing how to bypass (or kill) the products using nothing more than user-mode code. Called KHOBE, the program makes possible a vulnerability theorized back in the ‘90s by exploiting a race condition in parameters passing through Win32 / NT API hooks. Hooking is a method where code replaces pointer entries in the SSDT with its own pointers, allowing other functions to run “in the middle” between an application calling the API and the actual API’s code being executed. It’s a technique used for both good (anti-virus) and evil (rootkits). The attack in question utilizes the concurrency of multi-processing to allow parallel threads to modify parameter structures before they are processed by the real API. In essence, innocuous parameters are passed during the API call which gets intercepted by the hook but before the middleware passes the parameters on to the native API, a concurrent thread alters them back into a malicious version. As for which security products are vulnerable to their KHOBE, “the researchers said that the only reason that they found exploits in only 34 products was that they only had time to test 34 products.”
Similarly tagged OmniNerd content:
- Twitter Hack Affects Stock Trading, by VnutZ 23 days ago
- National Hacking Day, by VnutZ 4 months ago
- Data Wiping Malware, by VnutZ 9 months ago
- Hacker Interacts with AntiVirus Researchers, by VnutZ 11 months ago
TOCTTOU by Anonymous
(too lazy to login btw)
<|endofexample|>
Mrs. Ashley DeHart
7th Grade Reading
Mrs. Ashley DeHart
7th Grade Reading
Welcome to J H Williams and our 7th grade reading community. This year all of my reading students will be spending their time in the classroom broadening their reading education in various engaging ways. Students will be reading informative pieces of nonfiction as well as several stories throughout the school year. I am excited that with the new nine weeks school period students will have enough time to be able to complete projects that are based on information they are learning in every class, and directly relate it to what they are reading. It is going to be a fun year and our students are going to be learning without even knowing it.
I welcome all parents and students to use this site to keep our lines of communication open. I will often post important dates, assignments, fun facts, and technology tools and lessons that parents and students need to know.
Everyone is encouraged to participate in reading with your child as much as possible and promoting reading in our community!
Click on my name to connect to my email:
Ashley DeHart
<|endofexample|>
Furniture for sale
Panasonic EP-MA70KX Real Pro Ultra Massage Chair
- New! Heated Massage Rollers
- New! Shoulder Massage airbags
- New! Leg Massage airbags
$6,999.00Free shipping
Add to Compare(1 review)
Panasonic EP1285KL Black Massage Chair
- Air Ottoman System
- Advanced Massage Modes
$2,699.95Free shipping
Panasonic EP30006KU Black Massage Chair
- Voice Guidance System Remote Control
- Massage heads that open and close
- Body Scan Technology
$4,799
Add to Compare(4 reviews)
<|endofexample|>
Lifestyles Snugger Fit 3Pk
Lifestyles Ultra Sensitive 12 Pack
Lifestyles Skyn 24 Pack
Lifestyles Kyng Large 12 Pack
Lifestyles skyn large non-latex - box of 3
Lifestyles Pleasure Collection 26+1
Lifestyles Asst Flavor Colors 12 Pack
Lifestyles studded premium lubricated latex 3-pack
Lifestyles Skyn 3 Pack
Lifestyles Skyn Large 12 Pack
Lifestyles 3sum - box of 3
Lifestyles mega xl condoms box of 1000 bulk)
Lifestyles styles large size collection - box of 12
Lifestyles Pleasure Collection 12+1
Lifestyles Thryll 12 Pack
Lifestyles Sensitive 12 Pack
Lifestyles Wyld 12 Pack
Lifestyles Kyng Premium 3Pk
Lifestyles Kyng Premium 12Pk
Lifestyles Thyn 12 Pack
Lifestyles Thyn 3 Pack
Lifestyles Kyng 3 Pack
Ls. Ultra Sens Ribbed Lubricated 3Pk
Lifestyles Ultra Sensitive 1 - 3 pack
Lifestyles Lubricated 1 - 3 pack
Lifestyles Flavors-3Pk
Lifestyles Xtra Pleasure 3s
Lifestyles Lub Strips - 1,000 Pc Bulk
<|endofexample|>
Nationwide Toll-Free Number
One Hour Heating & Air Conditioning - Gulfport has been serving the Gulfport.
<|endofexample|>
Details
Monaghan GAA Home 2-Stripe International.
- Peronalised jerseys cannot be exchanged or refunded. Also please note Kids and Youth jerseys cannot be ordered in Player-Fit!
<|endofexample|>
This Halloween, if someone comes up to you and calls you out for wearing some costume that's a little ethnically offensive, don't blame political correctness. Blame yourself for the lack of respect you would damn sure demand for yourself. Ohio University student Sarah Williams started a campaign on campus after she saw a fellow student in blackface last Halloween, and it is taking off. Big ups to Ms Williams. This was a long time coming!
ColorLines
An awful lot of people agree with the infamous words of “Mean Girls” character Cady: “Halloween is the one night a year when girls can dress like a total slut and no other girls can say anything about it.” She could have gotten more agreement still by adding, “Halloween is the one night a year when people think it’s OK to dress in totally inappropriate and racist costumes.”
Ohio University student Sarah Williams says she was at a Halloween party last year when she snapped a picture of someone in black face. “It angers me and it’s unacceptable,” Williams said in an interview with Colorlines.com on Monday. So she and some fellow students decided to do something about it—and they’ve captured national attention in the process.
“This is happening across the country. It’s not just here in Athens, Ohio,” says Williams, who is the president of a student group at Ohio University called Students Teaching About Racism in Society (STARS). The group, made up of 10 students, has created an educational campaign called “We’re a Culture, Not a Costume” that juxtaposes images like the one Williams saw last year with an actual African-American student. It adds a simple statement: “This is not who I am, and this is not okay.”
The posters have already taken social media by storm, going viral on Tumblr and Facebook pages around the country. As of Monday evening, they had been shared more than 50,000 times online, according to Williams.
In a statement on Monday, Williams explained a bit more about why STARS decided to do the campaign.
.”
The posters will be passed out throughout the dorms on Ohio University’s Athens campus. The group’s Facebook page reports other schools, including Columbia University, are interested in distributing the campaign on their campuses, too.
STARS produced the campaign entirely on its own, with no funding from the school. But the campaign has made such a positive impression on students and faculty that the Division of Student Affairs stepped in to help pay for posters to get printed.
Controversy surrounding racially offensive Halloween costumes and theme parties have become a routine part of the holiday on college campuses. Last fall, one Northwestern University dean went so far as to send an advance email to the whole student body, urging them to think carefully before getting decked out. “Halloween is unfortunately a time when the normal thoughtfulness and sensitivity of most NU students can be forgotten and some poor decisions are made,” wrote Burgwell Howard. In 2009, Northwestern had drawn unwanted national attention when party pics of two varsity athletes dressed in graphic black face made social media rounds.
Of course, the trend stretches past college campuses. The black-face costume of choice last year was Antoine Dodson, the young, poor black man who became a troubling Internet sensation after his outburst to a local news reporter covering his sister’s sexual assault. Memes circulated all year, in which producers morphed his screaming words into songs and audio clips. It was no surprise when, come Oct. 31, his Facebook page filled with pictures of white people in black face, wearing afro wigs and bandanas and making gang gestures.
In 2009, Target made headlines by selling an “illegal alien” costume that featured an orange jumpsuit and an alien mask. Kohls previously sold a “Ghetto Fab Wig.” Colorlines.com rounded up these and other perennially popular racist costumes last year.
In short, costumes mocking people of color are an annual Halloween epidemic. Williams says STARS has a simple message for classmates planning to join the so-called fun again this year: “It’s not funny. STARS doesn’t believe that making a costume of a culture or race is funny. It only reinforces stereotypes.”
Williams, who’s black, plans on being Janelle Monae on Halloween.
<|endofexample|>
Call us now on: 0844 4457862 Mon - Fri: 8:30am - 5:30pm /Sat & Sun: 10:00am - 4:00pm
MRP £14,510
This page details our prices and vehicle statistics for the Fiat 500 [style] 0.9 Twinair Colour Therapy 2DR.
Simply fill in the form below and one of our customer service advisors will be in touch
Please wait while we process your request.
<|endofexample|>
A company once ran a beautiful monster of a marketing campaign.
The campaign was an attempt to drive traffic to its e-commerce site. Shortly after launching the campaign, sales dropped by nearly half. Synthetic tests suggested everything was fine. Web analytics reported an increase in visits, but a huge drop in conversions across every visitor segment. It looked like the campaign had appealed to a large number of visitors who came to the site but didn’t buy anything.
This excerpt is from.
Management was understandably annoyed. The official response amounted to, “Don’t ever do that again, and fire the guy who did it the first time.”
Fortunately, one of the company’s web operators was testing out new ways of monitoring end user performance at this time. He noticed something strange: a sudden spike in traffic, followed by the meltdown of much of the payment infrastructure on which the site depended. This payment system wasn’t part of the synthetic tests the company was running.
As it turned out, the company had hit upon an incredibly successful promotion that nearly killed the system. So many people were trying to buy that the checkout page took over 20 seconds, and often didn’t load at all. Nearly all of the visitors abandoned their purchases. Once the company responded by adding servers, upgrading the payment system, and fixing some performance bottlenecks, they tripled monthly revenues.
It’s one thing to know your site is working. When your synthetic tests confirm that visitors were able to retrieve a page quickly and without errors, you can be sure it’s available. While you know it’s working for your tests, however, there’s something you don’t know: is it broken for anyone, anywhere?
Just because a test was successful doesn’t mean users aren’t experiencing problems:
The visitor may be on a different browser or client than the test system.
The visitor may be accessing a portion of the site you’re not testing, or following a navigational path you haven’t anticipated.
The visitor’s network connection may be different from that used by the test for a number of reasons, including latency, packet loss, firewall issues, geographic distance, or the use of a proxy.
The outage may have been so brief that it occurred in the interval between two tests.
The visitor’s data—such as what he put in his shopping cart, the length of his name, the length of a storage cookie, or the number of times he hit the Back button—may cause the site to behave erratically or to break.
Problems may be intermittent, with synthetic testing hitting a working component while some real users connect to a failed one. This is particularly true in a load-balanced environment: if one-third of your servers are broken, a third of your visitors will have a problem, but there’s a two-thirds chance that a synthetic test will get a correct response to its HTTP request.
In other words, there are plenty of ways your site can be working and still be broken. As one seasoned IT manager put it, “Everything could be blinking green in the data center with no critical events on the monitoring tools, but the user experience was terrible: broken, slow, and significantly impacting the business.” To find and fix problems that impact actual visitors, you need to watch those visitors as they interact with your website.
Real user monitoring (RUM) is a collection of technologies that capture, analyze, and report a site’s performance and availability from this perspective. RUM may involve sniffing the network connection, adding JavaScript to pages, installing agents on end user machines, or some combination thereof.
For this book, we’re using a simple distinction between synthetic testing and RUM. If you collect data every time someone visits your site, it’s RUM. This means that if you have 10 times the visitors, you’ll collect 10 times the data. On the other hand, with the synthetic testing approaches we saw in the previous chapter, the amount of data that you collect has nothing to do with how busy the site is. A 10-minute test interval will give you six tests an hour, whether you have one or a thousand visitors that hour.
Here’s a concrete example of RUM alongside synthetic data. Figure 10.1, “A scatterplot of page requests over time in Coradiant’s TrueSight, showing relative TCP round-trip time” shows page requests to an actual website across an hour. Each dot in the figure is an HTTP GET. The higher the dot, the greater the TCP round-trip time; the bigger the dot, the larger the request.
Figure 10.1. A scatterplot of page requests over time in Coradiant’s TrueSight, showing relative TCP round-trip time
While requests happen throughout the hour for which the data was collected, there are distinct stacks of dots at regular intervals. These columns of requests, which occurred at five-minute intervals, are actually synthetic tests from the Alertsite synthetic testing service, coming from Australia, Florida, and New York.
Figure 10.2, “The same scatterplot in Figure 10.1, “A scatterplot of page requests over time in Coradiant’s TrueSight, showing relative TCP round-trip time”, with synthetic tests identified” highlights these five-minute intervals. The tests from each of the three locations have “bands” of latency—tests from Australia had the highest round-trip time, as we’d expect. Notice that there would have been no data on Australia without synthetic data. Also notice that the only way to discover the excessively large request (the big dot) was to watch actual visitors—there’s no way for a synthetic test to detect this. Finally, notice the dozens of requests that happen in those five minutes—an eternity of Internet time.
Figure 10.2. The same scatterplot in Figure 10.1, “A scatterplot of page requests over time in Coradiant’s TrueSight, showing relative TCP round-trip time”, with synthetic tests identified
Synthetic tests give you an idea of what users might experience, but RUM tells you what actually happened—whether users could accomplish the things they tried to do. In this respect, RUM is the natural complement to web analytics. However, you cannot use RUM on its own: it’s useless if users don’t visit the site, because there are no visits to analyze.
We’ve already covered why you need to look at end user experience (Chapter 8, Could They Do It?: End User Experience Management), but here are some specific uses of RUM technology:
Using performance records to prove you met service-level targets with customers
Supporting users and resolving disputes based on a record of what actually happened
Speeding up problem resolution with “first-cause” analysis to localize the issue
Helping to configure and verify synthetic tests
Defining testing scripts from actual user visits
When a service provider and its customers argue, it’s usually because they don’t have all the facts. Instead, they resort to anecdotes and recrimination, each providing incomplete evidence to support the view that they’re right and the other is wrong.
This is especially true for SaaS websites. When you’re the service provider, you need to be gentle. If you’re in the wrong, you’ll be issuing a refund and apologizing soon. If the problem is the customer’s fault, you have the opportunity to fix it and help her save face.
You need to know what actually happened, which is where RUM excels. If you have reports on what the end user experience was like, you can tell subscribers precisely where delays occurred.
To make the most of dispute resolution, your RUM solution must segment traffic by the application being used, by subscriber (usually the company that’s paying the bill), and by individual user. It must also generate reports by elements of latency and by type of error. By distributing this data to sales and support teams on a regular basis, you’ll be well equipped to prove that you did what you said you would.
While dispute resolution normally happens with aggregate data, call centers work with individuals. If your call center has access to RUM information, call center personnel can bring up a user’s session and see what went wrong.
If the problem is on the user’s side, you can add the issue to a FAQ, modify troubleshooting processes to help customers serve themselves in the future, or let the design team know where users are getting stuck, all of which will reduce call center volumes. On the other hand, if the user has encountered a legitimate problem that must be fixed, the session records will be invaluable in convincing engineering that there’s an error and helping QA to test for the problem in future releases.
RUM data will seldom diagnose a problem completely—there are simply too many components in a web transaction to pinpoint the root cause by looking at web traffic. Rather, RUM will tell you where in your delivery infrastructure to look. In this respect, it is a “first-cause” rather than a root-cause approach.
Consider, for example, RUM data broken down by type of request: a static image, a static page, a dynamic page, and a page that writes to the database. If there’s a sudden performance problem with dynamic pages, it’s likely that the application server is to blame. If that data is then segmented by server address and URL, you know where to start looking.
This kind of segmentation is how IT operations teams solve problems naturally. When you adopt a RUM solution, you need to make it an integral part of your problem resolution workflow and escalation procedures, with the new data in order to reap all of the benefits.
There are, however, emerging end-to-end passive analysis tools, like ExtraHop, that monitor not only HTTP, but other protocols as well, and can drill down into many of the backend systems behind the web tier to help with troubleshooting.
When you’re developing your synthetic test strategy, you need to know what an acceptable response time is. In the previous chapter, we looked at how you can use data from web analytics to help ensure that your synthetic tests are watching the right parts of your site. RUM data can help you determine what the acceptable results should be for those tests.
Imagine, for example, that you want to test the login process. You’ve got a synthetic test for that you’d like to run. You can take the RUM data for the 95th percentile of all logins, add a standard deviation, and you will have a good estimate of a “normal” performance range for that page.
Chances are, however, that you’ll deploy a synthetic testing solution well before you deploy RUM, so a more likely use of RUM is to validate that your synthetic tests are working properly and that your test results match what real users are seeing.
Session records provide the raw material for new tests. Because they record every HTTP transaction, you can feed them into load testing systems to test capacity. What’s more, if you share a copy of a problematic visit with the release management group, the release team can add the offending test to its regression testing process to make sure the issue is addressed in subsequent releases.
Armed with thousands of measurements of individual page requests, you can answer two important questions: could visitors use the website? What were their experiences like?
The first question involves problem diagnosis and dispute resolution. When someone calls with a problem, you can quickly see what happened. You can even detect and resolve a problem before she calls, because your RUM tool has seen the error occur.
The second question involves segmentation and reporting. You can look across all requests of a certain type—a specific browser, a geographic region, a URL, and so on—and analyze the performance and availability of the website for capacity planning or to understand how the site’s performance affects business outcomes.
Both questions are vital to your web business. To answer them, you first need to collect all those page measurements. The work you’ll need to do depends heavily on which RUM approach you use.
RUM solutions vary widely, but always involve the following basic steps, as shown in Figure 10.3, “The basic steps in all RUM solutions”.
Capture. The monitoring system captures page and object hits from several sources—JavaScript on a browser, a passive network tap, a load balancer, or a server and its logfiles..
These six steps seem fairly basic, but as with most monitoring technologies, the devil’s in the details. How much information the RUM solution records, and what you can do with it, depends on what information that solution collects, how it decides what’s “interesting,” and how it stores and retrieves user data.
Collecting performance at the server’s side of the connection takes a bottom-up approach. First, your RUM tool gathers the individual HTTP objects, then organizes them into pages and visits, then calculates performance metrics. This is the approach many server agents, logfiles, and passive analyzers use, including those from Computer Associates, Coradiant, HP, and Tealeaf.
Often, these objects have something in common that lets the RUM tool group them together. It may be a cookie unique to that visit (known as a session cookie) or some other piece of information, such as an IP address or a browser. The RUM tool uses this information to assemble all of the objects into a user’s visit.
Within those objects, some are containers (such as those ending in
.html) and some are components (such as those
ending in
.gif). This allows the RUM solution to
identify where pages begin and end, though in practice, it’s hard to do
this well and there are many rules and tweaks that a RUM tool uses to
reassemble a user session properly.
Once a RUM tool has grouped a visit into pages, it uses the timing of the various objects to determine page load time.
If you’re collecting performance at the browser’s side of the connection using JavaScript, you’re recording milestones that occur as a page loads in the browser. JavaScript embedded in the page records key events, such as the start of a page or the moment that all the objects it contains have been retrieved from the server. The JavaScript then sends the timing of these milestones and some metadata about the page to a collector.
With this model, you don’t need to worry about reassembling the individual objects that make up a page. In fact, you may ignore them entirely. You also won’t need to work out which sessions belong to which visitors—after all, you’re running on one visitor’s browser, so you only see one visit and can mark page requests on behalf of the service to associate them with one another.
Gomez and Keynote both offer this model, and many large websites (such as Netflix, Yahoo!, Google, and Whitepages.com) have deployed homegrown client-side collection. The developers of the Netflix solution have made their work available as an open source project called Jiffy (for more information on how Netflix is instrumenting page performance, see).
You may not have to choose between server-side and client-side collection. Some vendors offer a hybrid approach that collects user experience data at both the client and the server for a more complete perspective on performance.
There are dozens of facts about a web page that you will want to record. All of them are useful for diagnostics, and many of them are good dimensions along which to segment data within reports. These facts include performance metrics, headers and DOM information, error conditions, page content, correlation data, and external metadata.
You can track the following timing metrics for every page:
The round-trip time between client and server. This is the time it takes a packet to travel across the Internet from the client to the server and back.
The time to negotiate encryption (SSL, for example) if needed.
The time for the client to send the server a request.
The time for the server to respond to the request with a status code and the requested object (known as the first byte or host time).
The time taken to redirect a browser to another object, if applicable.
The time it takes to deliver the object to the client.
The number of TCP segments that were lost (and had to be retransmitted) during the delivery.
The number of TCP segments that arrived out of order and had to be reordered by the client.
The time it takes for the browser to process the returned object—generally, the time taken to render a page.
The start of a rich media component, the moment a visitor drags a map, or other timing events specific to a particular application that are recorded as part of the page’s performance.
The total time taken to request, receive, and display a page.
The time the visitor takes once the page is loaded, before beginning the next action.
Some of this data may not be available, depending on how you’re capturing user experience. Page render time, for example, is something only client-side RUM can measure. Similarly, low-level networking statistics like TCP retransmissions aren’t visible to JavaScript running on the browser.
Every web page—indeed, every HTTP object—includes request and response information in the form of headers sent between the browser and the web server. Because HTTP is an extensible protocol, the number of possible headers is unlimited. Most RUM solutions will collect the following data about the request:
The browser requesting the object.
The requested object.
Any data the browser sent to the server.
The referring URL that triggered the browser’s request.
Any cookies the browser sent that it acquired on previous visits.
The server’s response contains additional information about the object being delivered, which the RUM solution can capture:
The kind of object that the server is returning.
The size of the requested object.
The server’s response (200 OK, 404, etc.).
The time it takes for the browser to process the returned object—generally, the time taken to render a page.
Whether the object is compressed, and if so, how.
What type of object is being delivered. This helps the browser to display the object.
The object itself, or specific strings within the object.
Details on whether the object can be cached, and if so, for how long.
Any cookies the server wants to set on the browser.
Metadata is important. If the server says an object is big, but the actual object is much smaller, it’s a sign that something was lost. Similarly, an unusual MIME type may mean that content can’t be displayed on some clients. As a result, RUM tools often capture this kind of data for segmentation (“What percentage of requests are compressed?”) or to help with diagnostics.
Server-side RUM tools will collect this data from actual requests, while client-side tools will assemble it from the browser’s DOM, so the metadata you can collect will depend on how you’re capturing page performance.
RUM tools are on the lookout for everything from low-level network errors to bad HTTP status codes to specific content in a page. Most watch for a built-in list of error conditions. Again, the RUM approach you choose will determine which errors you can detect. In particular, client-side RUM can’t detect errors that happen before the client-side JavaScript has loaded (because the monitoring tool isn’t capturing data yet), so it’s used less often than server-side RUM for error detection.
Many pages your website serves contain additional context about the content of the page. Perhaps it’s the price of a purchase, the type of subscriber (for example, “premium”), or maybe the visitor’s account number.
Some RUM tools extract this kind of information from pages and associate it with a visit. With a server-side RUM tool, you specify which HTML content it should extract as it goes by, using an interface like the one shown in Figure 10.4, “Configuring content extraction in Coradiant’s TrueSight”. Every time page content matches those specifications, the RUM tool captures the content and stores it with the page.
One common piece of data to extract from page content is the
title of the page. Most HTML objects have a
<Title> tag that provides the name of
the page in plain language. This name is often different from and more
readable than the page’s actual URL. Instead of talking about
“page4.aspx,” you’re now discussing “the checkout page.” If you
capture additional page
metadata, such as the total amount spent, you can make the visit
record even more relevant and tangible.
Page content is also useful for segmentation, allowing you to ask questions like, “How much did sales go down for users whose transactions took longer than five seconds?”
If you’re using client-side RUM collection, metadata collection happens differently. The JavaScript used for performance instrumentation can also extract information from the DOM, such as the page title or some text in the page, and include that data in its report on the page’s retrieval, just as an analytics tool records page tags.
Some tools can even capture the entire page rather than just specific strings. This lets you search through pages after the fact, and is useful for problem diagnosis, particularly when problems are related to content or to user input (Figure 10.5, “Replaying an entire user visit from a complete HTML capture with Tealeaf”).
Capturing all page content also lets you search across all visits for specific occurrences of a problem. We know of a case in which a disgruntled employee vandalized a site’s pages on his last day on the job. When an outraged customer first reported the problem to the call center, the company had to determine how many others had seen the changed content. Nobody knew to look for the string in question until it had happened, but being able to search through historical data to find all instances of the string of expletives the employee had left let the company defuse the situation.
If you’re planning to combine your RUM data with other data sources, you may need to extract strings that will help you correlate those sources.
Timing information is the most common form of correlation. It lets you line up RUM with synthetic tests and other forms of analytics, such as conversion rates. For this, the RUM tool needs to synchronize its clock with that of the other data collectors. You can then merge records of user visits by timestamp to understand how user experience affects conversions.
Visit-specific information (such as session cookies) is even more useful, because it lets you associate an individual visit with other systems, such as a record of an individual visit in a WIA tool or an individual customer survey in a VOC tool. This also lets you segment individual conversions (in analytics) by the actual experience that visitor had on the site (in RUM).
Personally identifiable data, such as an account number or full name, can help you track customers as they move from a website to a call center or even a retail outlet. With this data, you can bring up a visitor’s online session when he calls support or sales, and offer better service by seeing what happened, just as you do with WIA tools.
Actually joining RUM data to other information in a data warehouse is quite another matter, which we’ll address in Chapter 17, Putting It All Together, but it’s wise to collect correlation information ahead of time in case you need it in the future.
Some RUM packages look up the visitor’s IP address in a database and include the municipality, country, and carrier in the session log, as shown in Figure 10.6, “Additional visit metadata based on a visitor’s IP address”. While not always accurate, this gives you some insight into where users are coming from.
Many of the databases used for geographic lookup also return the owner of the IP address, which will either be a company or a service provider. Service provider information helps to diagnose networking issues such as peering point congestion, since segmenting by service provider can reveal a problem that’s happening in one carrier but not others.
Figure 10.7, “Extracting performance information and metadata from a page request” shows how the various elements we’ve just seen can be extracted from a page in a visit.
In this figure, the delivery of a page (and its components) results in a record of the page request that includes:
Performance data, such as host time, network time, and SSL latency based on the timing of specific events.
Metadata from within the browser’s DOM about the visitor’s environment and the HTTP request/response.
External metadata, like IP address and world time.
Specific data that can be used to correlate the request with others, such as timing, address, and session cookies.
Geographic and carrier information based on the IP address of the request.
Data extracted from the content of the page, including the name of the page (“Checkout”), the identity of the visitor (“Bob Smith”), and the value of the page (“$158.40”).
Having information on every user’s visit is tremendously useful, both for troubleshooting individual incidents and for determining whether your website is living up to its promises.
When deploying a RUM tool, your first decision is how to collect all this data. Your approach to collection significantly affects what you can do with your RUM solution, and there are advantages and disadvantages to each approach.
We’ve seen that there are two major ways of collecting data: on the server side and on the client side. Server-side collection approaches include server logging, reverse proxies, and inline sniffers or passive analyzers. Client-side collection approaches include desktop agents and JavaScript instrumentation in the browser.
Much of this collection technology resembles the monitoring approaches we looked at for a web analytics implementation, but it’s focused more on performance measurement. Consequently, passive analysis approaches are more common in RUM than they are in web analytics because they can collect network timing information and detect failed requests.
Web server logs give you only basic information about visitor performance. You’ll have the timestamps at which each object was requested, and basic data like what was requested.
You may have more advanced logging, either through specialized software or within the application server. This can tell you about key milestones of an object request, such as when the request was received, when the server responded, and when the server was finished sending the object.
A logging agent sits between the server’s operating system and the application container. Some open source RUM tools, such as Glassbox, track each call to a Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and can provide a detailed hierarchical analysis of an application call to see exactly which function had problems, or to determine which database table caused a slowdown.
Server-side RUM tools like Symphoniq, which also rely on client-side JavaScript, can correlate end user experience with platform health, which allows them to span the gap between IT operations and end user experience.
Logging agents on application servers can time requests to the application from the network, as well as database requests or other backend transactions. Most server agents are more focused on the performance of the application tier (breaking down delay by component or query) than they are on reassembling a user’s session and overall experience.
Logging is essential for application administrators, and forensic analysts may require logging to detect fraud or reproduce incidents. But it’s not a popular indicator of end user experience unless it’s combined with a client-side monitoring approach.
Here are some of the advantages of using server logging:
It runs on the server.
It can capture server health data (CPU, number of threads, memory, storage, etc.).
It can get granular information on transactions within the application container/JVM.
It can include backend transaction latency (such as database calls).
However, server logging has some important limitations:
It consumes server resources.
Aggregating logfiles across servers is always problematic.
A single visitor may hit multiple servers, making records incomplete.
Servers have limited visibility into WAN health since they’re behind load balancers.
You can’t see the ultimate rendering of the page that the end user sees.
It doesn’t see CDN performance.
It can’t measure mashups.
When the server’s down, so are the logfiles that could otherwise tell you what broke.
Reverse proxy servers are located between the web server and the client and can be used to monitor end user experience. While this approach has fallen out of favor in recent years because it adds a point of failure to infrastructure, many load balancers behave much like reverse proxies and may have a role to play in performance monitoring.
A reverse proxy server terminates client requests and forwards them on to servers. Similarly, it terminates server responses and sends them to the client. It may respond to some requests, such as those for static images, on its own to offload work from the servers. Because it’s terminating connections, it is also the endpoint for SSL encryption, so it may have access to data in plain text that is encrypted on the wire.
The result of reverse proxy data collection is a log of HTTP requests that resembles that of a web server, although some proxy servers offer more granular information that yields better visualization and analysis.
Reverse proxy servers that record timings track milestones in a connection. The incoming request from the client, the status code response from the server, the first byte of the object the server sends, and the end of object delivery are used to calculate the performance of a page.
Because a reverse proxy is between the client and the server, it can measure the network health and performance of both ends of a connection. In other words, it may have two sets of TCP round-trip time information, one representing the Internet connection to the client and one representing the LAN connection to the server.
Reverse proxies are servers in the middle of a connection. Unless they have to be there, they’re probably another point of failure and delay for you to worry about. If you have a load balancer with logging capabilities, however, this may be an option you can use.
Reverse proxy collection provides the following advantages:
It sits in the middle of the connection, so it sees both perspectives.
If the proxy is already terminating SSL, it may simplify the monitoring of encrypted traffic.
It may already be in place as a load balancer.
It may be able to inject JavaScript, simplifying client-side instrumentation.
Some of the disadvantages of using a reverse proxy include:
It introduces an additional single point of failure.
It may introduce delay.
It can’t see the ultimate rendering of the page to the end user.
It doesn’t see CDN performance.
It can’t measure mashups.
It may be a point of attack or vulnerability, and represents one more server to worry about.
It’s difficult to diagnose problems when the proxy is the cause.
While reverse proxies actually intercept and retransmit packets across a network, there’s another way to sit between the browser and the web server that doesn’t interfere with the packets themselves: sniffing. This approach uses either a dedicated device (a tap, shown in Figure 10.8, “A network tap that makes a copy of all traffic flowing through it.”) or a spare port on a network switch (known as a SPAN port or mirror port) that makes a copy of every packet that passes through it.
Collectively, these approaches are known as inline capture or passive analysis.
Sniffing traffic is a common practice for networking professionals. They rely on sniffers to detect virus traffic, even when there’s no trace of an infection on a server. They use them to pinpoint Ethernet issues or to figure out which applications are running on a LAN. In fact, they use them anywhere they need to know what’s really going on across a network connection.
In recent years, they’re using enhanced versions of sniffing technology to measure end user experience. This approach, called inline RUM, is sometimes referred to as passive analysis because the monitoring doesn’t generate any additional traffic on the network (as opposed to a synthetic monitoring approach, which is “active” because it generates traffic).
A tap or a mirror port copies traffic indiscriminately—every packet on the active network that’s tapped is copied onto the monitoring connection. This means any inline RUM solution has to be good at blocking out nonweb traffic and at reassembling individual packets into web pages at wire speeds.
To capture per-session timing, the device watches for important milestones—the start of a page request, the delivery of the last object, and so on—and uses timers and TCP/IP sequence number information to calculate latency. Because the device can see when packets arrive at and leave the server, it can measure extremely precisely. In fact, some inline RUM tools aimed at the financial industry such as SeaNet () can report trade notification timings to the microsecond.
Inline RUM is precise and powerful, and sees problems even when the servers are broken or the pages aren’t loaded in a browser. It can also be expensive—we’re talking about network equipment, after all—and you probably won’t be able to use it if you don’t own your own hardware, because you’re hosted by someone else or running your application in a cloud environment. It also doesn’t see the end user’s ultimate experience, because it’s not on the browser itself.
Inline devices provide the following benefits:
They don’t lie: what you see on the wire is what happened.
They are transparent, so there is no load on clients or servers.
They do not present a point of failure in the network.
You can upgrade and modify them without a maintenance window.
They see performance even when the web page doesn’t load.
They work for any HTTP request, even when JavaScript isn’t executing (mobile devices, RSS feeds, RESTful APIs, etc.).
Of course, inline capture devices have some important shortcomings:
They are more expensive than other options.
They require physical deployment in a network you control.
They can’t see the ultimate rendering of the page to the end user.
They don’t see CDN performance.
They can’t measure mashups.
They have a hard time reassembling pages when the page contains RIA components such as AJAX or Flash, which may make additional HTTP requests at any time.
They capture huge amounts of data, so storage may be an issue.
They require a copy of the SSL key when sniffing encrypted traffic.
You must ensure that security and compliance officers are OK with deployment because you’re collecting data that is potentially sensitive.
One way to collect end user experience data is to put an agent on the user’s desktop. This agent can see every aspect of application use, not just for the web application, but also for other applications. Want to know if the user’s playing Minesweeper while she’s on your site? Client agents will tell you. They’ve got access to the client’s operating system, too, so agents know how healthy the network is and how much CPU resources are being used.
Unfortunately, you probably can’t use them.
Agents are software applications installed on client desktops. They’re used almost exclusively in enterprise applications, where they’re part of company-wide management platforms that handle everything from antivirus updates to backup systems. They sit between the operating system and the applications, watching traffic between those applications and the operating system’s resources.
Aternity, for example, makes desktop agents that track traffic flows to and from applications and that summarize the data and look for exceptions before sending performance metrics back to a management console.
Agents see messages flowing in and out of applications. They can watch for specific strings or for operating system events (such as a window opening or a mouse click). They can also watch for network events like a new DNS lookup or an outbound HTTP request. Agents keep track of the timing of these events, as well as key operating system metrics.
Agents see everything, but you need to own the desktop to install them. If you are able to make use of agents, you can take advantage of the following:
They provide the best visibility into what the user is really doing.
They can see system health information (CPU, memory).
Much of the instrumentation work is done by the client, so this approach scales well as the number of users grows.
Agents have the following disadvantages:
To use them, you will require access to the end user’s desktop, so they are a nonstarter for most Internet-facing web applications.
They cannot see the network outside the end user LAN segment, so IP addressing, packet loss, etc., may be incorrect.
They require different software for different operating systems (Linux, Windows, OS X, etc.).
They slow down the client.
Agents must be maintained by IT.
JavaScript changed the web analytics industry, and now it’s transforming RUM. JavaScript-based monitoring sees what the user sees. This means it has a better view than any other web monitoring technology into the final assembly of the page, which may include client-side logic, plug-ins, and so on. It’s the only way to capture the performance of mashups and third-party content.
What’s more, JavaScript code can access everything the browser knows about the session and the user. This includes data such as cookies stored from previous visits or data on the number and size of browser windows. You can use this information to augment user performance with business and visitor context.
JavaScript RUM begins with page instrumentation, just as web analytics does. You insert a snippet of JavaScript into your web pages or use an inline device like a load balancer to inject the snippet into pages as they’re served. Either way, the visitor downloads a monitoring script that runs on the client.
The script records milestones of page arrival, and then sends performance metrics to a collector—a third-party service, a server, or the inline device that injected the script initially. To do this, the script requests a small image and appends the message it wants to send to the collector as a series of parameters to the URL. This is similar to JavaScript used for web analytics; in this case, however, the message’s parameters contain performance and availability information.
Imagine that you’re using performance monitoring service Example.com. Your JavaScript watches the page load, and at the end it determines that there were eight objects on the page and that it took 3.5 seconds (3,500 milliseconds) to load.
It then sends a request similar to the following:
The monitoring script doesn’t care about a response—the use of a tiny image is intended to make the response as small as possible. The RUM system now knows that a page loaded, that it had eight objects, and that it and took 3.5 seconds.
The rest of the work, such as reporting, aggregation, and data storage, happens on the RUM service or appliance that received the request for the small object.
Recall from our earlier discussion in Chapter 5, What Did They Do?: Web Analytics that JavaScript is an event-driven language. To instrument a page as it loads, a monitoring script starts a timer and marks off the moments when important events occur. The first important event is the moment the page loads, and to capture this, the first part of the script appears right at the top of the page. This is the “first byte” time.
As the page loads, the browser generates other events, such as
the
onLoad event, which signifies
that all objects have loaded. Simply by knowing the time the page
started and ended, we can determine a useful performance
measurement—how long the page took to deliver, otherwise known as
network time.
Most JavaScript measurement happens in a similar fashion. Using the system’s time (known as epochtime), measurements are determined by calculating the elapsed time between two events.
There’s a problem, however. JavaScript is page-specific. When you load a new page, you load new JavaScript. There’s no way to start a timer on page A (when the user clicks a link) and then stop the timer on page B (when the page loads), because everything related to page A ends when page B is loaded in its place.
There are good security reasons for this. If JavaScript didn’t work this way, someone who’d instrumented site A with analytics could watch everything users did for the rest of their online time, even after leaving site A. This feature of JavaScript provides security and privacy to web users at the expense of being able to monitor their page performance.
Fortunately, developers have a way around the problem that
doesn’t undermine security. When a user is about to leave page A in a
visit, the browser fires an event (
onBeforeUnload) telling JavaScript that it’s
about to get rid of the current page and load a new one. JavaScript
stores the current epochtime in a cookie, which is then available for
the newly loaded JavaScript on page B.
JavaScript uses a cookie to store the time at which the user clicked the link. The script on page A effectively passes that start time to the script on page B, where it can be used to calculate the elapsed time—how long it took the server to receive and respond to the click that launched page B.
Despite its appeal, JavaScript still has many problems. Timing through JavaScript is more complex than for other collection models that time things independently of page loads, because the JavaScript that monitors performance is itself part of the page being monitored.
A recent initiative, called Episodes, addresses several of these problems.
JavaScript sees everything from a user’s perspective—when it’s loaded properly—including third-party content and mashups. However, implementing it is usually vendor-specific, making switching services difficult. Furthermore, JavaScript can’t see outside the browser’s sandbox.
The following are advantages to using JavaScript:
It sees all objects from all locations, so it’s good for mashups and sites coming from CDNs.
It sees client-side delay, so it knows when scripts or plug-ins are causing problems, and it measures “perceived render time.”
It knows exactly what the components of a page are.
It can instrument user actions (clicking play on a video, for example) and make them part of the timing.
It works in cloud computing and managed hosting environments because there’s no need for access to servers and no hardware to install.
JavaScript still has some key limitations, however:
If the JavaScript isn’t loaded, you don’t get any data, so it’s not good for diagnosing problems.
Power users may skip a page before JavaScript can run, resulting in gaps in monitoring.
Using JavaScript increases page size and delay.
It doesn’t work for documents (PDF), RSS feeds, some mobile devices, or anywhere that there’s no JavaScript being executed.
Additional coding is required to instrument events beyond those in the DOM.
It can’t see anything outside the browser sandbox (TCP round-trip time, out-of-order segments, public IP address, etc.).
It can’t measure the server delay on the very first page of a visit because it lacks a timer from the previous page—there is no “previous page.”
It must be maintained along with other software within the web page, and is subject to release cycles and QA.
It may introduce some privacy concerns, similar to web analytics, causing users to block third-party scripts.
An effort by Steve Souders of Google (and the author of YSlow while at Yahoo!) may address the just described issues and give us an industry-wide approach to performance monitoring for rich Internet applications.
To understand Episodes, let’s first look at the limitations of JavaScript monitoring today.
Many applications aren’t ready for the user at precisely the moment the browser’s onLoad event occurs. Some are ready before the onLoad event because they’ve carefully loaded what users need first. Others have additional code to execute before pages are truly complete and ready for users. In both of these cases, we require a way to report a “truly ready” event.
Browsers support a limited number of timing milestones. Modern websites have unique milestones, such as the moment when video starts playing. Coders must write code to generate their own timing data to mark these milestones, so there isn’t an easy way to compare the performance of two sites. The result is many proprietary definitions of timing. There’s also no consistent way to track timing of the user’s click on the preceding page, forcing coders to resort to cookies to store click time.
This is by far the biggest problem with JavaScript-based RUM today, and it’s the one Episodes fixes most cleanly.
In Chapter 6, How Did They Do It?: Monitoring Web Usability we saw how stylesheets separate web design from content, making it easier for a designer to change the color of a heading across an entire site with just a single stylesheet change. Stylesheets are an example of specialization in web design: developers can code the application and make it visually appealing, while authors can focus on content.
A similar problem exists with proprietary RUM approaches. The person who builds the application is not the person who’s in charge of monitoring it. The developer knows which important milestones exist in the page—the rendering of a table, the loading of a video, or small messages back to the server. At the same time, the person monitoring the application knows what he wants to watch.
Unfortunately, to monitor an application with JavaScript today, many developers are forced to design not only what is monitored, but also how it’s reported back to a service for analysis. The timing of the page, the metrics to report, and the mechanism for reporting them are all intertwined in much the way content and formatting were with HTML in the early years of the Web. As Steve Souders says (), “There are drawbacks to the programmatic scripting approach. It needs to be implemented.... The switching cost is high. Actually embedding the framework may increase the page size to the point that it has a detrimental effect on performance. And programmatic scripting isn’t a viable solution for measuring competitors.”
Episodes does for EUEM what stylesheets did for web design: it provides a model in which the developer defines milestones and measurements, but one in which those measurements can be collected independently by someone in charge of operations and monitoring.
Figure 10.9, “How Episodes captures page timings with JavaScript” shows
how Episodes works, particularly Steve Souders’
episodes.js reference application.
Monitoring of a page’s performance begins when the visitor leaves page A.
The monitoring script records the current time (Starttime) when the visitor clicks a link.
Starttime is stored in a cookie on the browser.
When page B loads, it includes a script near the start of the page.
That script records the current time as soon as it runs
(which approximates the first byte of the page) in the DOM (in
window.postmessage), calling it
“Firstbyte.”
The script also retrieves the Starttime left by the previous page from the locally stored cookie.
At the end of the page (the
onLoad event) it records the Pageready
timing. It may also record custom events the application developer
wants to track (such as the start of a video). By measuring the
elapsed time between these milestones, other timings (such as
server time and network time) can also be calculated.
All of this information is stored in
window.postmessage, where any other tool
can receive it.
A browser plug-in could read the contents of that space and display information on timings. A synthetic testing site could grab those timings through browser puppetry and include them in a report. And a JavaScript-based RUM solution could extract the data as a string and send it back to a RUM service.
Where Episodes really shines, however, is in operational efficiency. So far, the developer has simply recorded important milestones about the page’s loading in a common area. If the page changes, the developer can just move the snippets of code that generate Episodes milestones accordingly. If new functions (such as the loading of a video) need to be measured, the developer can publish these new milestones to the common area.
As a result, switching RUM service providers is trivial—just change the script that assembles the milestones and sends them to the RUM service. There’s no need to change the way developers mark up the events on the pages. In the same way CSS separates the page’s meaning from its formatting, Episodes changes the page’s functional timings from the way in which they are collected and reported.
Episodes proposes several standard names and timings, as shown in Table 10.1, “Episodes names and timings”.
You can calculate custom timings from new milestones and these default ones.
So what’s the right approach for collection?
A combination of inline monitoring and a JavaScript-based programmatic script that’s compatible with the Episodes approach is the right choice for RUM. The inline device has the most visibility into what is really happening, even when pages aren’t loaded or servers aren’t working, and is invaluable for troubleshooting. The JavaScript approach shows client-side activity, as well as mashups, CDN delivery, and third-party content that closely mimics end user experience. Together, they’re unbeatable.
RUM yields two kinds of data: individual visits and aggregate reports.
Individual visits are great for diagnosing an issue or examining why a particular page was good for a particular user. They’re the primary use of RUM in troubleshooting and customer support environments. They usually consist of a list of pages within a visit, along with timing information; in some products, each page can be viewed as a cascade diagram of container and component load times.
While looking at individual visits is useful, however, it’s important to recognize that if you worry about a problem affecting only one visitor, you may overlook a more significant, widespread issue.
Aggregate calculations, on the other hand, give you a broad view of the application as a whole, as shown in Figure 10.10, “An aggregate report of host latency by city across visitor sessions in Coradiant TrueSight”. They can, for example, show you a particular metric (“host latency”) across a segment of your traffic (“the login page”, “users from Boston”, or “handled by server 10”).
Figure 10.10. An aggregate report of host latency by city across visitor sessions in Coradiant TrueSight
Aggregation also means making Top-N lists, which helps to prioritize your efforts by showing you the slowest, most errored, or busiest elements of your infrastructure. Finally, aggregate data is the basis for baselining, which decides what’s normal for a particular region or page, and lets you know when something is unacceptably slow or broken.
Support teams, QA testers, and developers tend to use individual visit views, while aggregate data views are more often used for reporting and defusing SLA disputes.
Analyzing aggregate data has to be done properly. This is the place where statistics matter—you need to look at percentiles and histograms, not just averages, to be sure you’re not missing important information or giving yourself a false sense of security.
Watching end user activity does present some concerns and pitfalls to watch out for, from privacy to portability and beyond. We’ve already considered many of the privacy concerns in the section on WIA, so be sure to check there for details on data collection.
Some websites store session attributes in encrypted cookies. Unfortunately, obfuscating personally identifiable information may make it hard to reassemble a user’s visit or to identify one user across several visits. Whenever the visitor changes the application state (for example, by adding something to a shopping cart) the entire encrypted cookie changes.
Your development team should separate the things you need to hide (such as an account number) from the things that you don’t (such as a session ID). Better yet, store session state on the servers rather than in cookies—it’s safer and makes the cookies smaller, improving performance. This is particularly true if your sessionization relies on the information in that cookie.
RUM tools may extract content from the page to add business context to a visit record. While this is less risky than collecting an entire page for replay (as we do in some WIA tools), you still need to be careful about what you’re capturing.
When you implement your data collection strategy, you should ensure that someone with legal authority has reviewed it. In particular, pay attention to POST parameters, URI parameters, and cookies. You’ll need to decide on a basic approach to collection: either capture everything except what’s blocked, or block everything that’s not explicitly captured.
A permissive capture strategy might, for example, tell the RUM solution to blank out the POST parameter for “password.” Unless it’s explicitly blocked, it will be stored. Permissive capture means you may accidentally collect data you shouldn’t, but it also means that a transcript of the visit will contain everything the visitor submitted, making it easier to understand what went wrong during the visit.
On the other hand, a restrictive capture strategy will capture only what you tell it to. So you might, for example, collect the user’s account number, the checkout amount, and the number of items in a shopping cart. While this is the more secure approach (you won’t accidentally collect things you shouldn’t), it means you can’t go back and look for something else later on. Figure 10.11, “Configuring confidentiality policies in Coradiant TrueSight” shows an example of a restrictive capture configuration screen in a RUM tool—everything that isn’t explicitly captured has its value deleted from the visit record.
We’ve looked at programmatic RUM using client-side JavaScript. More and more applications are written in browser plug-ins (like Flash and Silverlight) or even browser/desktop clients (Adobe AIR and Sun’s Java FX, for example.)
The methods described here for sending messages back to a hosted RUM service work just as well for RIAs. The application developer has to create events within the application that are sent back to the service. Episodes is a good model for this because it’s easily extensible. As part of their RUM offerings, some solutions provide JavaScript tags or ActionScript libraries that can also capture multimedia data like startup time, rebuffer count, rebuffer ratio, and so on.
As we’ve noted, capturing user sessions generates a tremendous amount of information, particularly if those sessions include all of the content on the page itself. If you’re planning on running your own RUM, make sure your budget includes storage.
Many server-side RUM tools allow you to extract session logs so that they can be loaded into a business intelligence (BI) tool for further analysis (Figure 10.12, “Bulk data export in Coradiant’s TrueSight”).
With a hosted RUM service, it’s important to understand the granularity of the offering, specifically whether it can drill down to an individual page or object, as well as the length of time that the stored information is available. Some systems only store user session information for sessions that had problems or were excessively slow.
RUM data must be portable. Whatever technology you deploy, you need to be sure you can take your data and move it around. Often, this will be in the form of a flat logfile (for searching) or a data warehouse (for segmentation and sharing with other departments).
With the advent of new tools for visualization and data exchange, you will often want to provide RUM in real time and in other formats. For example, if you want to stream user events to a dashboard as structured data, you’ll want a data feed of some kind, such as the one shown in Figure 10.13, “Raw data of individual object requests from a streaming API”.
You may also want to overlay visitor information atop third-party visualization tools such as Google Earth, particularly if you’re trying to find a geographic pattern. For example, you may want to demonstrate that visitors who are prolific posters are in fact coming from a single region overseas and are polluting your community pages with blog spam, as is the case in Figure 10.14, “User visits showing performance and availability, visualized in Google Earth”.
These kinds of export and visualization are especially important for gaining executive sponsorship and buy-in, since they present a complex pattern intuitively. When selecting a RUM solution, be sure you have access to real-time and exported data feeds.
Since we’re on the topic of data warehousing, let’s look at some of the characteristics your RUM solution needs to have if it is to work well with other analytical tools.
It must support regular exports so that the BI tool can extract data from it and put it into the warehouse at regular intervals. The BI tool must also be able to “recover” data it missed because of an outage.
It must mark session, page, and object records with universally unique identifiers. In this way, the BI tool can tell which objects belong to which pages and which pages belong to which sessions. Without a way of understanding this relationship, the BI tool won’t be capable of drilling down from a visit to its pages and components.
If the data includes custom fields (such as “password” or “shopping cart value”), the exported data must include headers that allow the BI tool to import the data cleanly, even when you create new fields or remove old ones.
We’ll look at consolidating many sources of monitoring data at the end of the book, in Chapter 17, Putting It All Together.
A load balancer terminates the connection with clients and reestablishes its own, more efficient connection to each server. In doing so, it presents a single IP address to the Internet, even though each server has its own address. This means that the server’s identity is opaque to monitoring tools that are deployed in front of the load balancer, including inline monitoring devices and client-side monitoring.
To overcome this issue, some load balancers can insert a server identifier into the HTTP header that the RUM tool can read. This allows you to segment traffic by server even though the server’s IP address is hidden. We strongly suggest this approach, as it will allow you to narrow a problem down to a specific server much more quickly. You can use a similar technique to have the application server insert a server identifier, further enhancing your ability to troubleshoot problems.
We’ve seen the maturity model for web analytics; now let’s look at the model for web monitoring. There are two parallel types of monitoring: synthetic testing and RUM. As the organization matures, its focus shifts from bottom-up, technical monitoring to top-down, user-centric monitoring. It also moves from simple page analysis to the automatic baselining and alerting of transactions, and to tying the performance and availability of the site back to analytics data about business outcomes.
If you enjoyed this excerpt, buy a copy of Complete Web Monitoring.
<|endofexample|>
Online Drug Class offers the most comprehensive web-based drug classes available to people who live in Dacono Dacono Dacono Colorado requirements. Users will find a variety of different content in the drug awareness course including pictures, illustrations and videos.
Start your Dacono Colorado drug class today! Click here to enroll.
- 8 Hour (Level 1) Drug Class — $149.00 — Register Now
- 12 Hour (Level 2) Drug Class — $199.00 — Register Now
- 16 Hour (Level 2) Drug Class — $249.00 — Register Now
- 24 Hour (Level 3) Drug Class — $319.00 — Register Now
Colorado Drug Class Frequently Asked Questions
When you sign up for our Dacono Colorado online online drug class, you can use any major credit card, including MasterCard, Visa or Amex. All your credit card information is completely encrypted and secure when you enter it into our website and when we communicate with our credit card processor.
If you are trying to meet an 8-hour (level 1) requirement, the cost of the class is $149. This includes the Dacono Colorado has designed this course to give you the maximum flexibility to take this Dacono Dacono Colorado course; sign in and out as your schedule permits. When you sign back in, you'll be taken back to the last page you visited before signing out.
After you complete the Dacono Colorado online drug education course, we will mail the original certificate to you. However, if you are taking the class for a court requirement, it is your responsibility to give the Dacono Colorado certificate to your Dacono Colorado court.
The Dacono Colorado online drug class constitutes eight, twelve, sixteen, or twenty four hours of course instruction. The Online Drug Class class is self-paced, and can readily fit into your schedule!
There is a short quiz after some lessons in the class. The Dacono Colorado drug education class quizzes are meant to prepare you for the Dacono Dacono.
<|endofexample|>
Connect the dots and transform insight into winning business strategies. Online MR is proud to be the Media Partner for the Insight Valley Conference! I am also the guest blogger for the event and will be interviewing speakers for the Online MR Blog. Here are the 2 interviews I conducted with Stefan Bruun & Jean-Yves Fargeat. [...]
<|endofexample|>
Relationship
June 21, 2012
I worked VERY HARD to graduate from the U of M with honors. All my friends had roses so they could go on stage to take pictures with their roses/diploma. My mom knows how much I adore pink roses. After I graduated, I asked where my roses were. She said she didn't buy any. I thought for sure she'd send my dad out to quick get some so I could have pictures on stage too. She didn't. I think she was bitter that she never graduated college and she was jealous of me. Then she has litterally spend THOUSANDS of dollars on flowers for herself and she only buy me a single rose 5 years after I graduate, This has destroyed our relationship because I have constantly told her how much it hurt me and she only keeps buying flowers for herself. She is so selfish. Why can't she spend $15 and resolve a 5 year conflict that has been a source of so many fights. I hope all her flowers make her happy and they are worth breaking her daughter's heart.
<|endofexample|>
Godaddy Hosting New WordPress 3.2.1
If you have read this post, I know what kind of mental condition you are probably in: FRUSTRATION.
Well, hopefully you found this post early on so you can finally correct godaddy hosting issues.
Your server is running PHP version 4.4.9 but WordPress 3.2.1 requires at least 5.2.4.
If you are hosting on godaddy, setting up a wordpress blog or even updating, your probably wondering why your getting the above error message.
I dont know why such a company as big as reputable as Godaddy would not be capable with the newest version of wordpress blogging platform 3.2.1 but they are.
And after some hours spent, I finally found the answer to avoid this frustrating problem.
Going to Godaddy help and trying to find an answer or fix was awful. As all they want you to do is install applications and take up your time.
You can open it up there if you would like.
Here is the fix to Godaddy Hosting using New WordPress 3.2.1.
Update your .htaccess file with the following code:
” AddHandler x-httpd-php5 .php ”
Note: remove the quotes, only the text is required.
I also found this code, although I did not try it or use it because the above works, but this may help if the above solution does not work.
Happy blogging with the new wordpress and still keeping godaddy hosting.
AddHandler application/x-httpd-php5 .php5 .php4 .php .php3 .php2 .phtml
AddType application/x-httpd-php5 .php5 .php4 .php .php3 .php2 .phtml
<|endofexample|>
- .
Nashville Predators Tickets
Nashville Predators Tickets
The Nashville Predators are immune to offseason losses. This is not to say the hockey team does not lose players, but that it seems to hardly make a difference. Music City is always in the NHL playoffs and they will remain Stanley Cup contenders until they finally miss the postseason. Until then, fans are confidently striding into Bridgestone Arena with Nashville Predators tickets to see just how far this abbreviated roster can take the sport of hockey in a state of college football lovers.
Any team with a great goalie can make a run in the playoffs, so the purpose of the regular season is simply to survive and hope the goalie is on fire. This is why it is impossible to count out the Predators. They have Pekka Rinne at goalie and he has the largest contract on the roster for a reason. He is a guaranteed 30-game winner during the regular season and is regularly a solid performer in the postseason. He should have a better record than 13-15 in the playoffs but despite his very respectable 2.41 career playoff GAA and 91.6 save postseason percentage, his teammates have been unable to take him to the Stanley Cup Finals.
This season Nashville hopes its consistent offense is enough to remain among the top in the league and good enough to finally take advantage of a great goalie. Most of the scoring seems to come from the right wing where Martin Erat and Patric Hornqvist reside. Shea Weber is now the best option to bring the puck up in transition, but defensemen like Kevin Klein and Roman Josi have potential. A quick look at the roster and the stat sheet shows scorers up and down the depth chart. These not great scorers, but a deep catalog of decent players who will keep the Preds atop the rankings and winning plenty of points to land back in the postseason for an eighth time in nine seasons. Nashville Predator tickets are essentially guaranteed for the postseason and for a top three finish in the Central Division.
Nashville Predators 2013 Season
- Rascal Flatts Tickets
- Taylor Swift Tickets
- Rihanna Tickets
- Alan Jackson Tickets
- Wiz Khalifa Tickets
- Andrea Bocelli Tickets
- Celine Dion Tickets
- Wicked Tickets
- The Lion King<<
<|endofexample|>
Saturday, May 18, 2013
If you wish to comment directly to the editors, you may do so here.
This form is for internal use only and will not be published in the newspaper or online.
This is part of our newspaper's ongoing efforts to gather feedback and input from our community.
<|endofexample|>
Title History
- MEWF (Mid Eastern Wrestling Federation) Tag Team titles w/Duane Gill defeating Rip Sawyer & Dave Casanova (August 2, 1991);
Career Highlights
- Barry Hardy teamed with Duane Gill as the Lords of Darkness on the independent circuit, managed by Larry Sharpe..
- Barry Hardy wrestled under a mask with Duane Gill as one of the many versions of The Executioners..
- Barry Hardy wrestled as a jobber for all three major wrestling promotions in the US; WWF, WCW, and ECW..
- June 27, 1989–WWF: Ultimate Warrior defeated Barry Hardy..
- August 29, 1990–WWF: The Warlord defeated Barry Hardy..
- October 3, 1990–WWF: The Rockers (Shawn Michaels & Marty Jannetty) defeated Barry Hardy & Alan Reynolds..
- May 5, 1990–World Wrestling Association: Pain & Agony (Hardy & Duane Gill) defeated Big Hoss & Chief Thunder Mountain..
- November 13, 1991–WWF: The Bushwhackers (Luke & Butch) defeated Barry Hardy & Brian Donahue..
- March 6, 1992–World Wrestling Association: Bobby Munoz & Angel Vera defeated Pain & Agony..
- May 5, 1992–WWF: The Bushwhackers (Luke & Butch) defeated Barry Hardy & Kato..
- March 1, 1993–WWF: The Steiner Brothers defeated Barry Hardy & Duane Gill..
- June 21, 1993–WWF: The Steiner Brothers defeated Barry Hardy & Reno Riggins..
- July 6, 1993–WWF: Tito Santana defeated Barry Hardy..
- September 6, 1993–WWF RAW: The Quebecers (Jacques & Pierre) defeated Barry Hardy & Duane Gill..
- September 27, 1993–WWF: The Rock’N Roll Express defeated Barry Hardy & Duane Gill..
- December 13, 1993–WWF: Men on a Mission (Mabel & Mo) defeated Barry Hardy & Duane Gill..
- April 18, 1994–WWF RAW: The Steiner Brothers defeated Barry Hardy & Mike Khoury..
- September 28, 1994–WWF: “British Bulldog” Davey Boy Smith defeated Barry Hardy..
- October 24, 1994–WWF RAW: Billy & Bart Gunn defeated Barry Hardy & Mike Bell..
- February 5, 1995–WCW: Big Van Vader defeated Barry Hardy & Marcus Watson in a Handicap Match..
- April 5, 1995–World Championship Wrestling: Meng (aka Haku) defeated Barry Hardy..
- July 26, 1997–Extreme Championship Wrestling: Mikey Whipwreck defeated Barry Hardy..
- August 1, 1997–Extreme Championship Wrestling: Super Nova defeated Barry Hardy..
- November 7, 2009–Maryland Championship Wrestling: Duane Gill & Barry Hardy defeated The Holy Rollers.
- We would love to hear from Barry Hardy or somebody who can help fill in some of the content on this profile..
<|endofexample|>
FOUR BITS: track titles, baseball, tennis, lacrosse
1 » Though it did not have the same team success that the swimming program did over the weekend, Florida Gators track & field still put together an impressive overall performance at the 2013 Southeastern Conference Championships. Florida’s men (117.00) finished second and the women (87.50) came in fourth to Arkansas, which won both titles (152.50, 114.50). The Gators captured six individual SEC titles overall.
2013 SEC Individual Titles (6)
» Men’s 60-meter hurdles – Eddie Lovett (7.54 seconds)* [third-straight]
» Men’s long jump – Marquis Dendy (8.25m/27-0.75)* [back-to-back]
» Men’s weight throw – David Triassi (21.59m/70-10)
» Men’s 800 meters – Sean Obinwa (1:48.40)
» Women’s mile – Cory McGee (4:35,33) [second in three years]
» Women’s distance medley relay – Mandy Perkins, Amani Bryant, Agata Strausa, Cory McGee (11:13.45)
2 » Florida baseball (3-5) got swept right out of the top 25 over the weekend as the Florida Gulf Coast Eagles (5-1) outscored their hosts 23-9 over three games from Friday-Sunday. The Gators have now lost four-straight games, and their schedule does not get easier going forward. Florida is set to face Miami in a three-game series Friday-Sunday and opens up SEC play on March 15. Seven league teams are currently ranked including Arkansas (2), Vanderbilt (3), LSU (4), South Carolina (8), Mississippi State (13), Kentucky (15) and Ole Miss (17).
3 » On Sunday at Linder Stadium at Ring Tennis Complex in front of a crowd of 1,033, the second-largest in program history, No. 4 Gators women’s tennis came from behind to defeat the No. 13 Stanford Cardinal 4-2. Florida (6-1) and Stanford (4-2) have split the last four meetings between the programs in NCAA play with the Gators earning the home victory after losing the doubles point. Florida knotted the match at 1-1 when junior Olivia Janowicz won her contest 6-2, 6-2 but soon fell behind 1-2 as No. 33 Ellen Tsay took down freshman No. 44 Danielle Collins by the same score. UF jumped back on top 2-1 when junior No. 9 Sofie Oyen beat No. 68 Kristie Ahn 6-2, 6-2 and took a 3-1 lead as junior No. 116 Alex Cercone upset No. 10 Krista Hardebeck 4-6, 6-4, 6-3. The remaining showdowns went back-and-forth but it was eventually freshman Brianna Morgan who won her second match point against No. 98 Stacy Tan to earn a 6-4, 3-6, 6-4 victory and deliver a big win for the Gators.
4 » No. 3 Florida lacrosse (6-0) remained undefeated after earning a 17-7 victory over the Albany Great Danes (0-1) on Sunday. The Gators jumped 3-0 in the early going and held a 12-3 lead at the half, cruising in the second half for the double-digit win. Sophomore Shannon Gilroy led the way with five goals on six shots. senior Ashley Bruns (four) and senior Kitty Cullen (three) combined for seven of the other 10 goals. Florida’s next opponent is No. 6 Syracuse, the team that won a controversial overtime match over UF in the 2012 NCAA Tournament. The schools will go head-to-head in Miami Gardens, FL on Saturday.
<|endofexample|>
Salesforce.com Ottawa
Salesforce.com Toronto
Salesforce.com Montreal
Salesforce.com Ontario
Salesforce.com Canada
Salesforce.com Training
"Your company's expertise and no-nonsense manner of delivering services was refreshing given our past experience with other vendors." Globe and Mail
Since 1993, we have deployed hundreds of CRM systems. We know what it takes to get a CRM deployment right - the first time.
Our Salesforce.com Montreal consulting experts can help you upgrade your existing system or buy a new one. Services include identifying requirements, planning, comparing product editions, converting data, system design, training and support.
Salesforce Helps Organizations:
OnPath delivers practical, right-sized and user-friendly products and services for businesses in Montreal who use Salesforce.com. Because we are heavy users of CRM, our Salesforce Montreal team is uniquely capable of delivering solutions that meet real business goals. We can help your company:
Our goal is to enable you to have better customer relationships by delivering Salesforce.com products and services that work for your people, integrate with your technology, and support your business processes.
OnPath is a Certified Salesforce.com Montreal consultant, reseller and developer. We also have onsite and remote support available for clients in Ottawa and Toronto.
Complete the form and have a 10 minute discovery call with one of our certified developers. We can help you customize or fix issues in Salesforce.com.
<|endofexample|>
East Midlands had one of the fastest growing populations of all English regions between 2001 and 2011.
The population of the East Midlands was 4.5 million in mid-2011, 9% of the population of England.
The population increased at the third highest rate of any English region between 2001 and 2011, rising by 8.3% compared with 7.4% for England. The interim 2011-based projections suggest that the region may have 4.9 million residents by 2021, 8.6% more than in 2011, the same as the projected percentage increase for England over the same time period.
Within the region, most notably the populations of Leicester unitary authority (UA) and Nottingham UA increased by around 15% between 2001 and 2011. They are both projected to increase by around 5% in the next 10 years.
In mid-2011, 17.2% of residents in the East Midlands were aged 65 and over, a similar proportion to most other regions outside London. In this region, as nationally, the proportion in this age group is expected to grow much faster than the total population. The projections show that by 2021, 20.1% of residents could be aged 65 and over.
International and interregional net migration to the region increased the population at a rate of 26 people per 10,000 residents in 2010, compared with the England average of 41 per 10,000 residents.
Population density in the East Midlands in mid-2011 was 290 residents per sq km, one of the lowest among the English regions. It varied from less than 80 residents per sq km in local authorities West Lindsey and East Lindsey in Lincolnshire, to 4,500 in Leicester UA.
<|endofexample|>
ONS Team and Advisory Panel Application
<|endofexample|>
. Listed.
To get you started with planning your holiday to Iguazu Falls, we have showcased below some popular itineraries requested by our clients which we hope will inspire your visit to South America
<|endofexample|>
5
great for aging beginners
by myoung - 23rd January 2011
Pros: Ideal for beginners, greens of varying difficulty allowing you to progress at own speed.
Cons: What cons?
We started learning in our 50's. We have visited Val Cenis 6 times and have always had a great experience. Very well looked after pistes, never waited longe... Full review
<|endofexample|>
4
buller
by tomk - 2nd September 2009
Pros: friendly staff everywhere, great atmosphere, the koroora on the weekend
Cons: can have a lack of snow, ridiculously crowded on weeknds
buller is the mountain i spend most my time at and i have fun everytime i go. Its a great place for families and its a great place for place for 18+. If i... Full review
<|endofexample|>
Charging Slot for iPhone 3GS
Description
Reviews
Charging Slot for iPhone 3GS
Features:
Charging slot for iPhone 3GS
Good quality and stable performance
Compatible with iPhone 3GS
Perfect for replacement and assembling
Weight: 5g
Size: 4.6 * 2.7 * 0.3 cm
Package Contents:
1 * Charging Slot for iPhone 3GS
Warranty: onThesource.com provides every product with one year warranty
Please note: We only provide one year warranty for the cell phone, and these accessories are exceptions. We will not refund the shipping cost if the returning cause is illegal.
No posts found
<|endofexample|>
March 11, 2013 at 10pm to May 27, 2013 at 11pm – Hog Wild Poker You are cordially invited to play with the OTR Crew and more with "The Final Table League" where you can win a Custom Poker Table!!! That's right, you heard me right.. a CUSTOM POKER TABLE.. I do ho… Organized by Pamela~SSexy~BSO Pro Team | Type: otr, final, table, league
May 16, 2013 at 5pm to July 25, 2013 at 9pm – Hog Wild Poker THREE Reasons why you should Play in the Burning River Every Thursday Night @ 7:00 pm est & 9:00 pm est 1) Win a pair of Blue Shark Optics at the end of each month if you score highest in point… Organized by Pamela~SSexy~BSO Pro Team | Type: burning, river, league, free, money, custom, poker, chip, otr, bso, ppa, br
© 2013 All Rights Reserved. OnTilt Radio, LLC. Created by ColoPoker-just me.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
<|endofexample|>
Apply now • Visit us
Center for Teacher Education
525 S. Main St.
Ada, OH 45810
Phone: 419-772-2118
• Opportunities to student-teach abroad
• Opportunities to attend and present with ONU faculty at state and national conferences
• Choose Ohio First Scholarships for those intersted in teaching in the science, math, technology and engineering education fields
• 100 percent passage rate on teacher-licensure exams
<|endofexample|>
Preston Park, Stockton-on-Tees, Cleveland, Stockton-on-Tees, TS18 3RH, United Kingdom
At Butterfly World you can enter the magical world of a Tropical Rain Forest, where you can stroll at your leisure past beautiful trees and flowers. Sit beside the splashing waterfalls and pools and enjoy watching the vibrant wing beats of hundreds of the worlds most...
15.4 miles Zoo
Grand Parade, Tynemouth, Tyne and Wear, NE30 4JF, United Kingdom
Take the ultimate undersea safari at the award-winning Blue Reef Aquarium in Tynemouth where there’s a world of underwater adventure just waiting to be discovered. Explore the drama of the British coast, the underwater gardens of the Mediterranean and the dazzling...
20.8 miles Zoo
Kirby Misperton, Malton, North Yorkshire, YO17 6UX, United Kingdom
With a focus on carefully creating the most natural environments for our guests, Flamingo Land is currently home to well over 120 species of bird, mammal, amphibian, reptile and fish.
46.5 miles Zoo
Crossgates, Dalton-in-Furness, Cumbria, Cumbria, LA15 8JR, United Kingdom
Europe's most interactive animal park renowned for just how close you can get! Where you can handfeed giraffes, walk amongst and handfeed wallabies, kangaroos, and emus, walk amongst and interact with over 100 lemurs living wild in the park and help feed them at 2pm...
77.7...
79.0 miles Zoo
East park drive, blackpool, Lancashire, fy3 8pp, United Kingdom
Fantastic Fun Family day out. With over 1500 animals to see.
87.6 miles Zoo...
101.2 miles Zoo...
104.1 miles Zoo
134 Corstorphine Road, Edinburgh, EH12 6TS, United Kingdom
Edinburgh Zoo is owned by The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland (RZSS). You can experience a busy programme of educational events and activities - ranging from keeper talks through to hands-on animal encounters - and a wide-range of eating experiences, several...
108.2 miles Zoo
Chester Road, Sandiway, Cheshire, Cheshire, CW8 2EB, United Kingdom
Welcome to...
112.3 miles Zoo
JUST JOINED OOKL
<|endofexample|>
From all reports, Lung On was a forward-thinking man, interested in the newest and the best. No better proof of this exists than in his early adoption of the automobile. He became the first car dealer in eastern Oregon when he opened The Tourist Garage in John Day in 1921. He was so successful selling Oldsmobiles – and so unique as a Chinese owner of a dealership – that the national automotive magazine, Motor Age, published a long piece about his entrepreneurial efforts. As the article points out, Lung On was “presumably the sole Chinese automotive merchant in this country.”
The headline of the story is a rather misguided attempt at dispelling stereotypes, "Washee" being a reference to the occupation of laundryman.
© 2013 Oregon Public Broadcasting.
<|endofexample|>
Subject: Re: [OMPI devel] shared-memory allocations
From: Eugene Loh (Eugene.Loh_at_[hidden])
Date: 2008-12-21 19:08:43
Re: [OMPI devel] shared-memory allocations
It does not make a difference who allocates
it, what makes a difference is who touches it first.
>..
Yes - it is polling volatile memory, so has
to load from memory on every read.
<|endofexample|>
Subject: Re: [OMPI users] pipe function call failed...
From: Ralph Castain (rhc_at_[hidden])
Date: 2010-03-09 11:52:19
Ignoring an error doesn't seem like a good idea. The real question is why we are getting that error - it sounds like the newest Glibc release has changed the API?? Can you send us the revised one so we can put in a test and use the correct API for the installed version?
On Mar 9, 2010, at 9:40 AM, Lasse Kliemann wrote:
> $ mpirun -n 1 ls
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------
> mpirun was unable to launch the specified application as it encountered an error:
>
> Error: pipe function call failed when setting up I/O forwarding subsystem
> Node: xxxxx.xxxxxxxxxx.xxxxxxxx.xx
>
> while attempting to start process rank 0.
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> I receive this error constantly. I tracked it down so far that it
> appears now certain that the 'tcgetattr' and 'tcsetattr' calls in
> 'orte/mca/iof/base/iof_base_setup.c' are responsible. 'errno' is
> set to 22 each, which means 'invalid argument'. We can simply
> ignore the return values of these calls and continue, as done in
> the attached patch. Some simple tests suggest that everything
> else is fine, but I haven't tested thoroughly yet.
>
> On another system, this problem is absent. The main difference
> are GCC and Glibc versions. The problematic system uses GCC 4.3.4
> and Glibc 2.11.1 -- which is the newest Glibc release and maybe
> untested yet with OpenMPI.
>
> Let me know which additional information I can provide to further
> analyze this issue.
> <patch.txt>_______________________________________________
> users mailing list
> users_at_[hidden]
>
<|endofexample|>
A taste of online CPD courses at the OU
Short CPD Courses
The Centre for Professional Learning and Development offers short, focused courses designed to meet the immediate learning or development needs of busy professionals. You can use the links opposite to read more about online CPD and to view samples of course materials.
Tailored CPD Courses
These courses can be studied by individual professionals, or used to develop teams in line with organizational objectives. For more information about tailoring courses to meet organizational objectives please visit:
<|endofexample|>
H.R.2847: Making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, and Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2010, and for other purposes.
Back to Main Bill Page
Back to Roll Call Details
November 05, 2009 Roll call number 340 in the Senate
Question On Passage of the Bill (H.R. 2847 As Amended.)
Others Voting 'Aye'
* - Voters marked "No Data" are voters that THOMAS has not associated yet.
** Because of incomplete data from newly elected Representatives, party breakdown visualizations may be inaccurate by one or two votes.
<|endofexample|>
Information about Solaris package pm_time_period.
Actions
Actions availables on package pm_time_period.
Dependencies ( 2 )
Oracle / Sun Solaris SUNW packages not shown.
Reverse dependencies ( 1 )
Reverse dependencies are Solaris packages that depends on pm_time_period.
Libraries dependencies ( 0 )
The following tables display the sub list of packages, from the reverse dependencies, that depends on the libs provided by pm_time_period.
<|endofexample|>
Iraqi novelist Haifa Zangana survived torture under
Saddam Hussein’s regime in the 1970s and was subsequently forced into exile in
London. So even though she was by then observing from a distance, Zangana’s
fiction was not unaffected by what she calls the “mayhem and destruction”
brought to Iraq by the 9-year long US-led occupation. After 2003, Zangana,
already the celebrated author of three novels, including Women on a
Journey: Between Baghdad and London, stopped writing fiction and joined the anti-war
movement. Since then, she has written extensively about the huge toll of the
occupation on Iraqi civilians in articles for publications including the Guardian, and in non-fiction books
such as
The Torturer in the Mirror, a collection of essays that questions the US’s justification
for torture after 9/11.
In this interview, she talks about when fiction became insufficient for grasping the magnitude of a post-9/11 reality.
Frances Pinter: Some writers object to realistic depiction of torture in fiction for fear that showing an authority’s repressive methods in detail validates torture and assists the perpetrators in terrorizing people. What moral dilemmas have you faced when depicting torture?
Haifa Zangana:.
FP: In your autobiographical novel, Dreaming of Baghdad, you describe your traumatic experience of being imprisoned and tortured in Qasr al-Nihaya, the detention centre for political prisoners in Iraq. Adiba, a character with a similar past in Women on a Journey: Between Baghdad and London, is also a torture survivor. How different was the process of depicting your own torture and describing torture through a character of your creation?
HZ: Totally different. It took me almost eight years to write Dreaming of Baghdad (a tiny book by the standards of the novel). In the process, I tried to work at a distance myself, while slowly and painfully extracting people and events from the past, from the safe darkness of memory and moving them and myself to the uncertainty of the present in order to have the courage and understanding to look back without being paralysed by fear, bitterness and resentment.
Haifa Zangana at an event in London.
Flickr/Jake Brown. Some rights reserved.
Adiba, as a character, came at a later stage in my writing, which would not have been possible without writing Dreaming of Baghdad first. It was much easier to write “her”. She was a group of Iraqi women put together, but not specifically me. In that sense, I was spared a direct look at my own past, my sense of humiliation, powerlessness and its subsequent nightmares. Adiba, on the other hand, became the bearer of some of these feelings while seeking an end to an exhausting journey. The funny thing is I am often approached by Iraqi women, at literary events, telling me that they know who Adiba is. She is a friend, they whisper. Needless to say, I hadn't met or heard of their friend but I see these encounters as an indication of some success in going beyond the personal.
FP: Nobel Prize winner Harold Pinter denounced, in 2005, the “tapestry of lies” behind the US-led occupation of Iraq and the death and misery it brought upon hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians. In his acceptance speech, he said that as a citizen one must ask: “What is true, what is false?” As a writer, however, “a thing is not necessarily either true or false; it can be both true and false”. What made you stop writing fiction after 2003, and devote yourself to writing articles and other non-fiction about the occupation?
HZ: The main thing that made me stop writing fiction was the barrenness of the imaginary. The shock and awe that the US subjected Iraqis to in 2003 was not limited to the bombardment and destruction of the country’s infrastructure; the abuses and torture in Abu Ghraib and other detention centres also pushed Iraqis towards a shift in their priorities. In the mayhem of death and destruction, writing fiction became a luxury that many Iraqi writers, including myself, could not afford, as if parallel to the invasion of our country, our imagination was invaded too. No room was left but for images of men washing blood off pavements, of a pyramid of naked detainees, women queuing in front of morgues looking for their loved ones and troops forcing women and children to watch as they deliberately humiliated their husbands, sons or fathers, sometimes ordering them to take pictures with US soldiers’ cameras. This newly manufactured reality paralysed the imagination, especially in the first six years of the occupation, rendering literary work futile. Here, I listen to the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda, who describes bandits that
came through the sky to kill children
and the blood of children ran through the streets
without fuss, like children’s blood.
[…]
And you'll ask: why doesn’t his poetry
speak of dreams and leaves
and the great volcanoes of his native land?
Come and see the blood in the streets.
Come and see
The blood in the streets.
Come and see the blood
FP: It has been argued that fiction helps to foster respect for human rights: by showing a character’s inner feelings, a novel can demonstrate that all people are fundamentally similar, and so it becomes harder for the reader to justify treating others with cruelty. Do you think that non-fiction can nonetheless be more effective than novels in spreading an understanding of human rights?
HZ: I think what fiction offers is basically an understanding of self and others in relation to place and time. That does not lead necessarily to a realisation that “all people are fundamentally similar”. However, people are and should be equal and this simple message is the heart of human rights, reflected directly or indirectly in many literary forms. Yet it seems almost impossible to implement in many parts of the world. Torture is not just about physical pain that can be forgotten the moment the torture will stop or the tortured released, it is not a moment captured in a horrifically inhuman photo that can be put aside to be forgotten or shelved in a dark spot of memory. For the tortured, it is a lifelong scar. Almost forty years after my release from Qasr al-Nihaya, I still cannot sleep in the dark. I often wake up at 2 a.m. expecting to be led out of my cell to be interrogated. Therefore, there is a need for multifaceted actions to spread better understanding of human rights and to put an end to the practise of torture. Art, filmmaking, poetry, fiction and non-fiction writing (journalism in particular), are all needed to highlight and address this endemic issue.
FP: As well as giving up fiction following the invasion of Iraq in 2003, you stopped writing poetry and literary essays for a while in the 1970s, during a period of intense political activism. How does political activism affect the creative process?
HZ: Sometimes, political activism can enhance the creative process by feeding it with new experiences, new people and expand understanding of specific issues, but only if one is capable of reaching the right balance between the specific nature of activism and the vast open domain of creativity. Otherwise, the writer has to choose between the two. It depends on the writer her/ himself. In my case, despite my longing for literary writing, my priority has been clear.
FP: There is an extensive body of writing about prisons in Modern Arabic literature, with many Arab authors recounting experiences of political imprisonment and torture under repressive regimes. Some of the most enduring icons of the post-9/11 decade, however, are depictions of gross human rights abuses committed by democratic countries that legalized torture in the name of national security: the hooded man; the leashed man; the Guantánamo prisoners in their orange jumpsuits; Abu Ghraib, where you were once imprisoned by Saddam’s regime… How has this new set of references permeated literature in the countries impacted by the so-called “War on Terror”?
HZ: Let me talk about Iraq as a case study. Some Iraqi writers and artists, who initially believed in the US “liberation” and the declared aims of establishing democracy and human rights, soon began to lose hope. Photos and testimonies of detainees released from Abu Ghraib, Bucca in the southern Iraqi desert, Cropper at Baghdad International Airport, and other, unnamed prisons, showed a totally different picture. US and British troops were actually raping women and sodomising men and children. These acts and the images of torture you mention are a clear indication of the occupier’s racist policy of control and humiliation. They are engraved in our collective memory.
In The Torturer in the Mirror, which I co-authored with Ramsey
Clark and Thomas Ehrlich Reifer, I wanted specifically to highlight the
“oneness” of torturers, whether Americans acting on behalf of a democratically
elected government, or Iraqis acting on behalf of a tyrannical regime. They
have one aim in mind: to break your will. When you are stripped of your
clothes, you are stripped of your self-respect and dignity, and gradually of
your humanity. You are reduced to begging for the most basic of needs: a
drink of water or to go to the toilet or, for a woman, to have some sanitary
towels. Fear of pain and of losing control of your body, will make you think of
nothing but the next time you will be beaten up. You are forced to be awake for
days on end with the horrifying anticipation of seeing your friends, relatives
or loved ones tortured in front of you or threatened to be tortured. You will
be interrogated time and again until you accept finally to do as you are
ordered regardless of what you believe and of the truth. When you confess to
crimes you have not committed, causing the arrest of others, you will live with
the shame for the rest of your life, with the knowledge that you betrayed those
people. If you are lucky enough to be released, you will avoid looking into any
one’s eyes for fear of seeing your broken self reflected back at you. You will
carry a bleeding wound inside you and it will either change you into a broken
person, or mean that you will be waiting for the right moment to take revenge
from your torturers, the state and sometimes the whole of society.
I am referring to this particular aspect of the trauma to explain why some writers and artists who are still in Iraq are not willing to make work that reflects the violence and suffering that surrounds them or has been inflicted on them. They paint nostalgic landscapes, old Baghdadi houses and dream-like figures. The least connected to reality. As one artist explains: “Who wants to hang a picture of a decapitated corpse over their dining table?". Could that be escapism? A way to filter brutal reality where death is omnipresent and all colours but black are meaningless? Sometimes artists, poets and writers are accused of being terrorists, as a way of silencing them, of suffocating people’s freedom of imagination. However, some writers and artists continue to defy what Saadi Youssef, the prominent Iraqi poet, has called “bullet censorship”. Sculptor Abdel-Karim Khalil is one of them. Famous for his Prisoner of Abu Ghraib, a marble sculpture depicting the hooded detainee with outstretched arms, he continues to make realistic, horrifying figures, as if it is the only way to get rid of them.
Bearing in mind that 60 % of Iraqi writers have had to flee the country since 2003, it is understandable that most of the written fiction, in years of occupation, has been published outside Iraq including 65 novels dealing with the 2003 invasion alone.
FP: At a recent literary event hosted by Redress, you mentioned that you missed fiction. Why?
HZ: I miss the freedom of solitude and dream. To spend as much time as I like with my characters, in my created space. Following them from one place to another or not moving at all. Seeing the continuity in their lives without knowing what the process of writing is leading us to. Fiction gives you the power to create a world that does not deny you access to the past, that gives you the power to decide the future. It is an act of creation woven with the joy of exploring language and images. It feels like the Iraq that I miss.
Additional research by Eva Sanchis
1 ↑ From Nathaniel Tarn's translation of 'I'm Explaining a Few Things' in Selected Poems: A Bilingual Edition, by Pablo Neruda (London: Cape, 1970)
<|endofexample|>
Ok. Here is an interesting problem. We have purchased one of those remote serial console access devices, and it "supports" ldap. On our servers we use search filters to control who has access to which of our servers... such as sub?|(gid=55) etc. BUT, this little thing only supports proving a "base" and not any filters. If it just has our base then everyone in our LDAP has access to this device and want to limit it to just the sysadmin group. Is there a way to create a virtual view of our existing LDAP directory with a different base but behind the scenes is a filtered view of our full LDAP directory. I thought I remember seeing something like this was available. Either as a backend option or something like that. Any ideas?
<|endofexample|>
ADI SIDHWA APPOINTED DIRECTOR OF SALES AND MARKETING AT GRAND HYATT ERAWAN BANGKOK
Pressemitteilung von:
Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok
Adi Sidhwa - Director of Sales & Marketing
(openPR) - BANGKOK, May 2012 – Richard Greaves, General Manager of Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok, recently announced the appointment of Adi Sidhwa as Director of Sales and Marketing of the hotel.
A graduate of Westminster College, Adi Sidhwa started his career at the Dorchester London in 1994 as Banquet Server. He then joined the Taj Group of Hotels where he held the various management roles in the Food & Beverage and Rooms divisions at Mumbai, New Delhi, Kathmandu and was part of the opening team at Taj Exotica, Goa. In 2000, Adi moved to New York to join the Radisson Lexington Hotel as Director of Corporate Sales and later became Director of Sales and Marketing at Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel.
Mr. Sidhwa first joined Hyatt in 2006 as Associate Director of Sales at Grand Hyatt New York and was subsequently promoted to Director of Sales and Marketing for Andaz Wall Street in September 2008, which was the position he held prior to his recent appointment as Director of Sales and Marketing at Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok. With his recent appointment, Mr. Sidhwa has moved from the USA to Bangkok with his wife to settle down in his new position at Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok.
“I am proud and excited to lead the sales and marketing team of Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok, one of Bangkok’s most established international chain hotels. Thailand is one of my favourite countries as I spent my first six years in Bangkok and this opportunity brings me great excitement as it it is a home coming of sorts. Furthermore, working at Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok also allows me to be part of authentic Thai hospitality. In 2012 there is certainly a high level of competition in Bangkok in the hospitality industry. I am, however, confident that with a team effort and long-established relationships between our sales and marketing team and our loyal clients, we will be able to maintain the positioning of Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok as one of the leading hotels in Thailand and continue to be the preferred brand among international and local guests,” said Adi..
Patty Lerdwittayaskul Director of Marketing Communications
Jularak Cholharn Public Relations Manager
Marketing Communications Department / Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok
Phone: +66 2254 1234 Ext: 4380
jularak.cholharn@hyatt.com
<|endofexample|>
Featured Recipe
Activity on TheDean's Recipes
- brettsolberg
love the MIFF mug.. the festival is back this year!on Caramel Hot Apple Cider
- Bremen
This looks awesome! I love the idea of the sour cream dip, I'd usually just serve something like this with ketchup.on Fried Rosemary Potatoes with a Sour Cream and Chiv
- mgalal88
that is amazing actually ..on Frukost brett
- mgalal88
wao - noway, LOOK AT THE CUP :) lol part of the Milwaukee Film collection .. hehe .. if you made this yourself, i can assure you that this is the first thing you gonna make for me when i am there ..on Caramel Hot Apple Cider
- Panda5
this is interesting =]on Frukost brett
Latest Recipes by TheDean View All »
Frukost brettby TheDean 3
<|endofexample|>
Robert replies..."Jesus hated the Pharisees that practiced "self righteousness" and they were quite angry with Jesus because He claimed to be God in a human body, then conspired to kill Him...which they succeeded in doing but you know what happened next right? Plus Jesus said that their religion would crash and burn which it did and Jerusalem, was pulverized by the Romans. So these practitioners of a false form of the Jewish religion that Satan created through them and Jesus called their god Satan..He said "Your father is the devil"...precisely what I say to you Kernal.(So your attempt to mouth the word "monotheism" is fruitless...Satan has created a huge amount of false religions and philosophies, practices, third eye and reincarnation belief systems by the thousands. You are no less guilty than James that cherry picks what feels good to him and ignores the questions I ask of him, or pleads ignorance
Self Righteousness ? If you want to see someone even more self righteous than the Pharisees, Robert, Try looking in the mirror. You are so busy judging the faults of the evil souless people like Kernel and I that you seem to ignore the teaching to "judge not lest ye be judged in like manner".
Satan is the "accuser" and your messages look far more satanic than they do christlike.
Views: 120
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply to This
can yoju read? (probobly since you orf perhaps ypour trained parrot writes for you? REad the book of revelations so ypou can have a littlemore OOOmph in your discussion about Jesus
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Yeah yeah Jesus is your boss and that's the same thing the abortion clinic bombers say and the crusades and inquisition supporters said and it is what the "god hates fags" people say as they drag homosexuals behind their pick up trucks.
Now why would you point me to what Kernel says after all you say he is a "numbskull" how would he know anything let alone that you love him.
Now you call me "stupid" and "dimwit" and you expect to have any credibility when it comes to spirituality.
I am quite sure you turn more people against Christ than you draw towards Christ.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
PEPO MZUNGU WATU . WANA DHANI DHANA YENYE KOSA PEPO UONGO.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
As I said before. I do not like to read Revelations because I do not like to hear of people being harmed, even if it is their own choice or fault.
Rejoice not in iniquity. It makes me nauseous to think of such things. It makes me want to cry, so I avoid thinking about it. That is my learned behavoir.
I am sure I know all of what you say, but I just cannot bear to face it.
And you can curse and swear all you want. Call me names and criticisize me. I refuse to find ANY satisfaction in the suffering of anyone. SO rub your hands in glee if you must, but leave me out of your sadistic pleasures.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
There is absolutely no evidence that Jesus struck anyone with those whips. Whips are often used to scatter animals as Jesus would scatter the sacrificial lambs. Turning over tables and scattering money is not harming people.
Even when the centurians ear was cut off Jesus healed it..
Righteousness means doing the right thing. Which means not harming or abusing others and not rejoicing when others are harmed.
It is bad enough that people do things that get themselves harmed, drug overdoses, drunk driving, stds etc. without causing them more pain by adding insult to injury.
The consequences of sin is death , seperation from God. Eternal unhappiness and lack of love and high self esteem (not to be confused with pride) of knowing you are doing the right thing.
I wish this on NO ONE no matter how evil YOU might judge them to be, I will pray for their salvation, every one of them, with my last breath and I will NOT condemn them to hell by judging them guilty no matter how "righteous" YOU might think that judgement is.
righteousness is loving people, not calling them names.... instructing each other in humility
Galatians 6:1 Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Yes I can read Robert.
I prefer to come to Jesus as a child,
If you would like to berate ne as one, feel free, but do you really think Jesus would approve?
King James Version (KJV).
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Perhaps what you judge as lies, are just misunderstanding caused by cultural and language barriers?
What is truth? Whose truth?
If a lion eats a gazelle it is good for the lions children but bad for the gazelles children, But is it evil?
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
I double dar you to read the scary bopok of revelations wimp
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
I have read it, but unlike you I do not enjoy hearing or seeing about the suffering of others. For example, I realize you do not want my advice and you think you do not need my advice, and you thinnk my prayers for you are misplaced. However, having said that I fear for your own eternal damnation and so I write messages not declaring you to be any more unrighteous than I, but pleading with you (in my own way) to reconsider the way you reach out to those you seem to be more condemning to eternal torment than trying to save them from eternal torment. But who am I to teach you? No one, I have enough problems dealing with my own spiritual affairs to try and give you advice on yours.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
I have read it, but unlike you I do not enjoy hearing or seeing about the suffering of others.
So you choose to ignore that side of Jesus as Lord adn Judge of humanity? You choose to insist that He woujld never "harm" (your word) a human being? Thatr asd Judge He will simply turn His facve away from the actions of mankind?
That would not be much incentive to all the evil doers now would it James?
Aww dont wory lets just rape pillage and steal because the judge is a lenient liberal sweet heart with no animosoity or any hateful attitudes...is that what you "believe James?
Hey by the way James I do not mind ypou praying for me but your misplaced prayer for my salvation is what I do not need...may be you are insecure in yours?
If you have the urge to pray for me please pray for me to have WISDOM...thanks!!!
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Robert
Wisdom it is then. Done
And Jesus would never harm anyone and neither would God. In fact since the beginning of man all God has done is try to persuade man not to persue his "lemming urge".
Do not blame God or Jesus for the choices of men.
May you have the wisdom to change your course and turn to Jesus for your salvation, because right now I see you doing a lot of judging people and sending condemning them to hell.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
May you have the wisdom to change your course and turn to Jesus for your salvation, because right now I see you doing a lot of judging people and sending condemning them to hell.
Thanks, but drop the "Salvation " thingy. I was born again, baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire and saved forty years ago..now I need all the wisdom I can contain
As for "hell" I have never used hell word in this forum..so knock that off and study the book of Revelations, especially noteworthy is chapter 13, right after Jesus describes His only Church...His Bride in chapter 12, that mysterious woman clothed in the sun, pregnant with a brand new revelation for today the Solar manifestation of Jesus Christ as He intensifies His radiance seven times brighter and burns away wickedness.
Chapter 13 James signals the coming of an amazing human being that is able to mimic Christ on many levels. His main counterfeit is that he seems to come back from the dead. Get familiar with that soon coming event so you are not totally dumbfounded, shocked and amazed like most of the world will be. The event will be proclaimed as "The Second coming and will resemble this parody
we come in peace
we will met again under the Iron Sky
yes here they come again...the Second Coming...really..literally..no kidding...
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply to Discussion
<|endofexample|>
Charleston Restaurant - Baltimore, MD | OpenTable
Restaurant Reservations - Free • Instant • Confirmed
Charleston
Online Reservations
OpenTable Home
>
Baltimore / Maryland restaurants
>
Harbor East restaurants
> Charleston information
Reserve at Charlleston
See all 220).
Charleston
4.8
220
$50 and over
restaurant
Awards voted by OpenTable diners
Diners' Choice Winner
American
Diners' Choice Winner
Baltimore
Diners' Choice Winner
Best Ambiance
More awards ›
Featured Reviews
"
Wonderful ambience, exquisite food
(especially the lobster curry soup), and service that meets your every need. Went to ..."
Dined on 5/16/2013
"
We have frequented Charleston over
the years that we have been in Baltimore because the dishes are thoughtful and well c..."
Dined on 5/16/2013
"
This is hands down the best
experience I've had in a restaurant of any type. The service was beyond expectation, so good..."
Dined on 5/14/2013
More reviews ›
Learn More
Charleston
Wonderful ambience, exquisite
Wonderful ambience, exquisite food (especially the lobster curry soup), and service that meets your every need. Went to The Charleston for a special occasion and it was certainly worth every pretty penny.
5/14/2013 12:00:00 AM
Simply the best!
We have frequented Charleston over the years that we have been in Baltimore because the dishes are thoughtful and well crafted, even with an ever changing menu. But for me, it's the restaurant's staff that puts Charleston above the rest. I am fortunate to frequent many of the best restaurants throughout the US- while I always enjoy a delightful meal it, I truly appreciate a solid team working together flawlessly within a restaurant. Charleston has the most wonderful group of individuals on staff. If you are ever in Baltimore, do yourself a favor and plan a dinner at Charleston- you will be glad that you did!
5/14/2013 12:00:00 AM
The BEST
This is hands down the best experience I've had in a restaurant of any type. The service was beyond expectation, so good in fact that it set a new mark for how a high-end restaurant really ought to be. The food was exceptional backed up with helpful and thoughtful staff and came out nothing short of perfect. The ambience was quiet, intimate, and perfectly fitting for such a great restuarant. After such a great experience, the price I paid for the meals was more than fair. If you've ever wondered what a perfect restaurant experience feels like, hastly make your way to Charleston. Even with high expectations it will still blow your mind.
5/12/2013 12:00:00 AM
Outstanding
Charleston was simply outstanding in every way. Food melted in your mouth. Each bite was unique and fabulous. I wish I could dine here every day! Top of my list of favorite restaurants! Well deserved. Every detail was well planned and executed. Lovely!
5/12/2013 12:00:00 AM
High expectations met
I had been wanting to dine at Charleston for a few yearsn but I had balked at paying its high price point. However, for the occasion of finishing graduate school, I figured that it was now or never. The service was perfect and the food was some of the best that I have ever had. Each dish was flavorful and properly cooked without ant flavor being too dominant over the others. Although the portion sizes are not generous, I felt that I enjoyed the food more not having to try to stuff in each oversized portion. Too many nice aspects from this experience to recount here, but suffice it say, I will be returning for my next special occasion.
5/11/2013 12:00:00 AM
Best dining expericence EVER!
Without question, the best dining experience EVER (in over 60 years!!).
5/4/2013 12:00:00 AM
Another great experience
Every visit helps lock in Charleston as our favorite restaurant in Baltimore. Attentive service from knowledgeable staff. Every one of our dishes was excellently prepared. There were four of us, and we each had four courses (not incl dessert) so we had lots to try from each of our plates. The halibut, lamb, and scallop dishes were truly noteworthy. It was one of our guest's birthday, and chef Cindy Wolf came out to the table to extend her wishes. She is warm and approachable - not always the case with other chefs. An excellent dining experience - you will not be disappointed.
5/4/2013 12:00:00 AM
Wonderful eating experience!
My 2 sons and I enjoyed an outstanding dining experience last night at Charleston. The service was wonderful and the food, wine and presentation was outstanding!
5/4/2013 12:00:00 AM
Wonderful dinner for my wife's
Wonderful dinner for my wife's birthday. She was very happy that several different people told her happy birthday throughout the evening. Food was fantastic and service was wonderful. A great experience that everyone should try at least one time.
5/3/2013 12:00:00 AM
Best dining experience in Bmore.
I took my parents there who are big goodies and they said it was better than restaurants they've gone to in Paris. The asparagus soup was to die for, fabulous menu, excellent wine pairings... A really special, elegant experience.
5/3/2013 12:00:00 AM
Great night
Menu had great variety of choices. Food presentation was excellent and boy did it taste good. Staff were friendly and professional. I highly recommend the wine pairings BUT be prepared to walk home or take a cab. Can't wait to go back again
5/2/2013 12:00:00 AM
Always fabulous
Nothing more to say-Charleston is the best restaurant in the city.
5/2/2013 12:00:00 AM
Anniversary Dinner
Taking advantage of a gift card lessened the "sticker shock" and overall it was an excellent dining experience. Exactly what one would want when celebrating a special occasion. An impressive range of food courses and wine accompaniments allowed us to sample a wide range of the menu offerings (allowing us to share twice the variety by each ordering a different set of courses). All levels of service were exemplary. We would highly recommend Charleston for that special dining occasion.
5/1/2013 12:00:00 AM
Would be total 5 star but
Would be total 5 star but 1) service falls off at dessert, took very long for dessert to arrive by which time coffee was stone cold. -need to serve coffee and dessert simultaneously 2); no hand towels or hand dryer in ladies room -have no alternative but to drip dry
4/27/2013 12:00:00 AM
Our third time there and it
Our third time there and it gets better and better! Took some friends from out of town to dinner with us, everything was beyond amazing! Can't wait for out forth trip!
4/27/2013 12:00:00 AM
Outstanding in every way
If Michelin were in Baltimore, this restaurant would be at the top of their list. We had trouble deciding what to order, everything on the menu sounded fabulous. Service is professional and friendly. The food is beautiful to look at and loaded with flavor. We had a drink, an incredible 4 course meal with wine pairings, tax and tip in the $350 area. Dessert is "complimentary". Yes, costly, but we felt it is worth every penny when you are ready for a very special dining experience. There are several dining rooms, we had a view of the kitchen, which I enjoyed.
4/25/2013 12:00:00 AM
NEW FAVORITE!
As a first-time patron, I can truly say this is my NEW FAVORITE RESTAURANT! The fried oysters were spectacular, the lamb was succulent, the lobster soup was amazing, and the desserts were to die for... OUTSTANDING!
4/25/2013 12:00:00 AM
Wonderful time and absolutely
Wonderful time and absolutely amazing food. The unique menu allows you to order a number of different items (all items are smaller in size and and the traditional "courses" are not observed as you can choose 3, 4, or 5 courses of whatever you would like). Expensive but more than just dinner, it is an experience!
4/23/2013 12:00:00 AM
Superb Baltimore Restaurant
Charleston is good on every test. Service, food and ambiance outstanding.
4/22/2013 12:00:00 AM
The food was excellent, the
The food was excellent, the staff attentive and friendly, and an extensive wine list. Highly recommended.
4/20/2013 12:00:00 AM
While we thought everything
While we thought everything was fantastic, nothing stood out. We frequent fine dining restaurants and this one was overpriced for what you recieved. We could have eaten similar quality food and recieved the same excellent service at other locations for half the price. Again, it was wonderful, but the price was not worth it.
4/20/2013 12:00:00 AM
If you want to be treated
If you want to be treated like a king & queen, this is the place to go! The service is top notch. Everything is explained in detail, the staff is very attentive, and each course is started with clean plates and silverware. The food is divine; even though portions are small, they are prepared with such care and quality that you want to savor each bite! Chef Cindy came out to greet her guests and is very gracious and humble. My friends told me "to eat before you come" but I didn't find that necessary. Even my 260 lb husband thought the meal was filling. Of course he ordered the 6 course meal!
4/20/2013 12:00:00 AM
An amazing dinner! Was taken
An amazing dinner! Was taken here for a date, and absolutely loved it!
4/19/2013 12:00:00 AM
I have been to Charleston
I have been to Charleston about 7 or 8 times and have previously done this survey. This is a great restaurant and the food is excellent.
4/19/2013 12:00:00 AM
Superb tranquil great food
Superb tranquil great food professional staff. Would recommend to any serious foodie.
4/18/2013 12:00:00 AM
The service was amazing! I
The service was amazing! I also enjoyed the freedom of ordering the courses any way I wanted. Next time I am in Baltimore I will be back!
4/18/2013 12:00:00 AM
It was my husbands 60th birthday
It was my husbands 60th birthday and it was a great place to celebrate. The staff was great and everyone wished him happy birthday. The bar tender was great. Third best cosmopolitan I have ever had. The waiter was excellent. We allowed him to pick our dinner and wine pairings for the evening. He made sure to call a taxi for us when we left and I appreciated that. Highly recommend this restaurant.
4/17/2013 12:00:00 AM
This is very possibly the
This is very possibly the best meal I have ever had. And I have patronized some stellar restaurants. What is for sure, is the the service here is as good as anything I have ever experienced. Simply exquisite. The food is also incredible. I recommend it highly.
4/16/2013 12:00:00 AM
The overall dining experience
The overall dining experience was one to remember. All of the courses were delicious and the presentations were impeccable. I would recommend The Charlston to anyone and I will be back very soon!
4/10/2013 12:00:00 AM
Charleston went out of their
Charleston went out of their way to make my husband's birthday dinner a memorable one. The food and service were first rate, worth the expensive price. We will definitely be returning for other special nights out and would go more frequently if we lived in Baltimore!
4/6/2013 12:00:00 AM
The Best!!
Outstanding! Charleston is a top notch restaurant with cuisine of the highest standard and service to match. If you are in Baltimore and need a place for a special occasion or merely to delight in all the best this earth has to offer, this is the place. Heck, if you just want a GREAT dinner go here! We enjoyed every course. The Lobster Soup was the best I have had. The wine pairings are right on for each course. The staff is professional but not stuffy .. they are enjoyable to converse with. We have eaten at many of the country's highest rated restaurants and would rank Charleston among the very top. We actally enjoyed dining at the Charleston so much that our next visit to Baltimore when depend upon having reservations.
4/6/2013 12:00:00 AM
Most creative, interesting,
Most creative, interesting, inventive - this is no cookie-cutter. Get with Michelin and Relais - Charleston has become one of the best restaurants in the United States!
4/5/2013 12:00:00 AM
From the moment we stepped
From the moment we stepped into the restaurant, the atmosphere and service was superb. Overall, an excellent dining experience to celebrate my birthday!
4/5/2013 12:00:00 AM
Overall, it was another wonderful
Overall, it was another wonderful experience; however, there were some minute disappointments. We were met at the door by a lady, I can only describe as "snobby". She looked at us, did not greet us and just stared at us. So, I had to "explain" that we had a reservation. Then, there was a man at another table near to us who kept using his cellular phone. It is unfortunate that the staff did not step in to ask him to refrain from using his phone. It definitely ruined the atmosphere. Fortunately, after some intense staring and comments from us, he stopped. We were also disappointed that it seemed that Tony Foreman and Cindy Wolfe, both of whom were present, did not stop by our table but stopped by the other tables.
4/4/2013 12:00:00 AM
Our dinner was wonderful,
Our dinner was wonderful, and the wine pairings were superb with each course. Dinner was served at a perfect pace. We did not feel rushed through dinner, but there wasn't a markable lull between courses. The service staff were all pleasant and very efficient. The desert menu lacked a little panache, but over all the experience was worth the expense. Our thanks to the Chef and staff.
4/2/2013 12:00:00 AM
Took my daughter to dinner
Took my daughter to dinner for her birthday. She loves the food. I also think the food is the best! We asked for a table in the bar area. The view is very nice. The food was awesome. It is a wonderful dinning experience.
4/2/2013 12:00:00 AM
As good as Michelin Star restaurant
We savored tastes that would satisfy any foodie. Portion size was appropriate and presentation was lovely. Selection of dishes prepared with notable ingredients of excellent quality. The restaurant's menu is like a Prix fixe menu with the price varying only by number of courses you choose, but the entire menu is eligible. You could order three entrees OR my selection: the superb artichoke soup,a spinach-pear-spicy pecan salad and exquisite entree of turbot for the same price as any other three selections. My partner selected the 3 course with wine pairings and thought every choice of wine was perfect. We had the pleasure to dine at a few Michelin star restaurants and this rivaled their excellence, in our opinion.
4/1/2013 12:00:00 AM
Fabulous service!
When I ordered a somewhat unusual pre-dinner cocktail, our waiter actually coordinated getting the ingredients from Charleston's sister restaurant. I couldn't believe it! And the cocktail, a pisco sour, was fantastic. My husband and I both ordered the chef's recommended menu, which included a to-die-for crawfish bisque. We'll definitely be going back!
3/30/2013 12:00:00 AM
A True Gem
Charleston is an experience that everyone should have at least once in their lives. Food is incredible and the wine pairings are outstanding.
3/30/2013 12:00:00 AM
We had a perfect evening.
We had a perfect evening. The waiter was quite attentive and the wine list very impressive and we selected a wonderful Chardonnay (Littorai) that will be our new favorite. The only real "problem" that we had was deciding on our food selections as the menu was filled with so many tempting dishes. Each of the four of was convinced that theirs was the best! The desserts were wonderful as were the little candy sampler. My only "regret" was not saving enough room to sample from the spectacular cheese table. A memorable evening from arrival to departure.
3/29/2013 12:00:00 AM
Nice, in so many ways, from
Nice, in so many ways, from beginning to end- Excellent service and food!
3/29/2013 12:00:00 AM
We had dinner at Charleston
We had dinner at Charleston on March 29, 2013 after a very special occasion and wanted it to be memorable. I was not disappointed and it exceeded all expectations. We travel all over the world and pride ourselves in minding little gem restaurants that are always memorable. Charleston was magnificent. The service was impeccable and it was so efficient and low key that you forgot about being served, everything flowed so effortlessly and beautifully. The food was out of this world, creative and all the ingredients worked so well in each course. I chose the five course with wine, and I highly recommend getting the wine selections with the courses. Chef Wolf came out and welcomed us, and it was such a classy thing to do. 5 Stars!
3/29/2013 12:00:00 AM
Took my girlfriend there for
Took my girlfriend there for her birthday and it was a wonderful dining experience. Excellent service and the food was cooked perfectly. We had a great time and we would definitely go back again.
3/28/2013 12:00:00 AM
Charleston is absolutely wonderful.
We had heard a lot about Charleston and how good every thing was, although expensive. This past Tuesday was our 30th wedding anniversary and we decided to splurge some and give them a try. Are we glad we did. From the time we walked in until we left, not one thing was less than exceptional. We were treated like Kings in every way. The food, wine, and service could not have been better. Yes, it is expensive but it's worth every penny. Charleston should be on your "bucket list".
3/26/2013 12:00:00 AM
Service was Great and Attentive.
Service was Great and Attentive. Atmosphere was Chic/comfortable.The food was Amazing and wine pairing was perfect! The food was great except for 2 little mistakes ( Foie Gras was slightly overcooked,and the squab was under cooked so hard to cut through) These were quickly corrected and a re-do was offered automatically without question. What impressed me even more was the owner/chef came out personally to apologize for the mishap and offered the replacement. It is seldom that you see a celeb chef in their own kitchen.This was a refreshing surprise. I had the 6 Course Menu with wine pairing, so much food! It was great, would have liked smaller portions,by the end was getting stuffed to enjoy the last couple of dishes.Amazing a must go! Wil
3/25/2013 12:00:00 AM
The experience at Charleston
The experience at Charleston is always wonderful. The food is different from any other restaurant and the staff treats the patrons like royalty. Of course, the customer pays for both, but it is worth it.
3/23/2013 12:00:00 AM
Superb ambience and service,
Superb ambience and service, with superlative food !
3/23/2013 12:00:00 AM
This is a wonderfully thought
This is a wonderfully thought out, well executed restaurant. The food is exquisitely prepared with a real point of view. The staff, to a person, is about excellence in execution. It was my third or fourth visit, (I'm from Philadelphia) and I think it only gets better.
3/21/2013 12:00:00 AM
Wonderful!!!
From the time my boyfriend and I entered the restaurant on 21 March 2013,the service was impeccable. The food was expertly prepared and very tasty. Please make sure you have the Lobster Soup. It is beyond reproach. I love this place. My boyfriend, who is a foodie and has visited many restaurants, says that by far this was the best restaurant he's ever been to!!! Kudos to the Chef and her entire staff. True Professionals!!!!!
3/21/2013 12:00:00 AM
Charleston consistently provides
Charleston consistently provides the best dining experience in the Baltimore/DC area. The food is excellent, the portions are perfect, the service is attentive but not overbearing, the staff is knowledgeable and friendly and the owners regularly make rounds among the diners. It is just a superb experience all around. When the bill comes, no matter how high (and it will be high), you will feel like it was worth every penny.
3/16/2013 12:00:00 AM
Larger map ›
Smaller map ›
Diners' Choice Awards
Baltimore Winners
American
Best Ambiance
Best Food
Best Overall
Best Service
Fit for Foodies
Notable Wine List
Romantic
Special Occasion
Baltimore / Maryland Winners
American
Best Ambiance
Best Food
Best Overall
Best Service
Browse all American Restaurants
Make a Reservation at
<|endofexample|>
Restaurant Reservations - Free • Instant • Confirmed
The Drawing Room
Online Reservations
The White Room is separated from the Dining Room by a sleek, dark zebrawood partition and gets its name from the soft white ambiance of the room. The White Room is perfect for up to 14 guests for a seated dinner, and up to 35 guests for a reception style event. It is an exceptional intimate space for any type of celebration or gathering.
The Main Dining Room is the featured room for your next private dining and cocktail experience. Laced in elegance, the Dining Room has low velvet seating, creamy white-tiled pillars, and a full bar where our Mixologists craft pre-prohibition libations throughout your event. The Dining Room can accommodate up to 50 guests for a seated dinner, and up to 110 guests for a reception-style event.
The Back Room hosts "Chicago's Authentic Live Music Experience" 7-nights a week. With 2 full bars, stage set-up, and customizable cabaret-style seating, the Back Room is perfect for private events of 30-400 guests for corporate parties, fundraisers, meetings, cocktail receptions, and more! Larger groups up to 400 guests have the option of reserving both the Drawing Room and Back Room. Catering & cocktails from the talented Chef and Mixologists of the Drawing Room.
<|endofexample|>
Tangierino Restaurant - Charlestown, MA | OpenTable
Restaurant Reservations - Free • Instant • Confirmed
Tangierino
Online Reservations
OpenTable Home
>
Boston / New England restaurants
>
Charlestown restaurants
> Tangierino information
Reserve at Tangierino
See all 164 Reviews ›
Address:
73-83 Main Street
Charlestown, MA 02129
Neighborhood:
Charlestown
Getting there ›
Cuisine:
Moroccan
Price:
$30 and under
More Details ›
Tangierino Details
Dining Style:
Casual Elegant
Website:
leslie@tangierino.com
Phone:
(617) 242-6009
Hours of Operation:
Hours of operation: Dinner is served seven days a week
Sunday – Thursday 5pm-10:30pm
Friday and Saturday 5pm-11:30pm
Koullshi 5pm-1:30am
We don't take reservations for KOULLSHI.
Payment Options:
AMEX, Discover, MasterCard, Visa
Cuisine:
Moroccan, Middle Eastern, Mediterranean
Executive Chef:
Samad Naamad
Dress Code:
Business Casual
Accepts Walk-Ins:
Yes
Additional Details:
Banquet/Private Rooms, Bar Dining, Bar/Lounge, Beer, Cigar Room, Entertainment, Full Bar, Gluten-free Menu, Late Night, Non-Smoking Area, Non-Smoking Restaurant, Personal wines welcome, Personal wines welcome (corkage fee applies), Private Room, Smoking Area, Takeout, Wheelchair Access, Wine:
Leslie Jensen 
FEATURING ALL NEW MENUS AT TANGIERINO RESTAURANT & KOULLSHI LOUNGE DEBUTING TODAY!!
IN THE RESTAURANT: 4 COURSE DINNERS W/ WINE PAIRINGS, NEW WORLD & OLD WORLD OPTIONS, CHOPHOUSE SELECTIONS.
IN THE BAR & LOUNGE: TAPAS, PIZZAS, SLIDERS & MOROCCAN WINGS. 40 NEW HOOKAH FLAVORS,
…
CIGAR & SCOTCH PAIRINGS.
THIS IS YOUR CULINARY PASSPORT TO MOROCCO!!!. .
Continued
Foodspotting photos
See all photos >
Tangierino
4.3
164
$30 and under
restaurant
Awards voted by OpenTable diners
Diners' Choice Winner
Romantic
Featured Reviews
"
I brought my wife and 8 year old
daughter here for Mother's Day. We all enjoyed the experience. The ladies are still tal..."
Dined on 5/14/2013
"
Great atmosphere and the belly
dancers were phenomenal...they really get the crowd going!!!..."
Dined on 5/13/2013
"
The food was exceptionally good,
but this was a particularly memorable dining experience because of the ambiance, servic..."
Dined on 5/4/2013
More reviews ›
Learn More
Tangierino
Great Food and atmosphere
I brought my wife and 8 year old daughter here for Mother's Day. We all enjoyed the experience. The ladies are still talking about how good the food was. And I would highly recommend the sangria.
5/12/2013 12:00:00 AM
FABULOUS
Great atmosphere and the belly dancers were phenomenal...they really get the crowd going!!!
5/11/2013 12:00:00 AM
Fun and memorable dining experience
The food was exceptionally good, but this was a particularly memorable dining experience because of the ambiance, service and attention to detail. The belly dancing was somewhat less than authentic, but still fun for the novelty.
5/2/2013 12:00:00 AM
Very friendly wait staff (but
Very friendly wait staff (but slow), excellent food, interesting menu - but they were out of lots of things - were in the middle of rewriting the menu so some things weren't available, so it took awhile to actually decide what to order. Lovely decor with wonderful cozy and romantic curtained nooks. We had a very enjoyable experience and would go back.
4/27/2013 12:00:00 AM
Ambiance is definitely great
Ambiance is definitely great in Tangerino and our table had rose pedals on it:) I thought that our host was a bit too serious and I was also surprised to be carded when we went from the restaurant down to the bar. Again, the guy checking our ids was way too serious. Our Russian waitress was really nice and she was knowledgeable. The appetizers were very tasty (we had the Eggplant tagine and the lamb in filo dough). They were smaller than usual appetizers, but it wasn't a surprise since I read other people's reviews and that was mentioned. For us the size was fine and left us hungry enough for more food. IT was a bit disappointing because they didn't serve the brochettes anymore, but the monk fish special and the lemony chicken made up for i
4/26/2013 12:00:00 AM
My wife and I very much enjoyed
My wife and I very much enjoyed Tangierino. We went on a whim as we happened to be in Charlestown. We'll now look for opportunities to return.
4/11/2013 12:00:00 AM
Satisfied customer
I really enjoyed the food and the setting. I was there one year ago on a first date.We been dating for one year and decided to go back for our one year celebration.It was just as I remembered it. Great food,romatic and awsome service.Oh yeah my boyfreind enjoyed the belly dancers.I will recommend this place to others.
4/6/2013 12:00:00 AM
This is my third time to Tangierino
This is my third time to Tangierino. I must say that the food was very good--even better than I remembered! We order the salmon tagine, Moroccan eggplant, vegetable couscous, asaparagus with za'atar and aromatic mushrooms. Aromatic mushrooms were nothing special but the rest was very tasty. I especially like the olives and chumus served before our meal. However, this time, I think that they were understaffed. The whole night took about 3.25 hours. When we arrived (after having a reservation) we weren't seated for 40 minutes or so. Then, it took a long time to order (we had to ask one of the waitstaff to send us back our waiter). Overall, we all (4 people) had a great time. The atmosphere is always great and the food were grea
4/6/2013 12:00:00 AM
Great food. Excellent and
Great food. Excellent and a very unique ambiance. For-special-occasions type restaurant. Service was great. Background music was nice. Note: Lighting is very dim. Takes a few minutes to get used to.
3/31/2013 12:00:00 AM
A must go!
The food was amazing. You received a lot of food, but didn't feel stuffed. The little cubbies and booths separated by tapestries were very romantic. The belly dancers were great too and the ambiance was very authentic.
3/30/2013 12:00:00 AM
My husband and I went to celebrate
My husband and I went to celebrate a milestone birthday -- I wanted atmosphere and there was plenty of it! Loved the textiles and Moroccan style decor - sexy even w/o the belly dancers who I loved as well. Our server was attentive (but not overly) and helpful w/ the menu. As far as the dishes we ordered, I would say they were solid but not memorable. The tuna tartare was good and the eggplant (main dish) was quite good. The restaurant was in the midst of changing their menu and the two dishes I would have ordered (both curries) were no longer available. Oh well. We had a wonderful time and would definitely go back.
3/30/2013 12:00:00 AM
The lamb dishes were amazing.
The lamb dishes were amazing. Unique live entertainment occured during our meal courtesy of the belly dancers. The indian music playing in the background was a little odd though - the atmosphere could have been more authentic with moroccan music instead. But the food and atmosphere was amazing overall (although the dishes are quite pricey)!
3/30/2013 12:00:00 AM
Great restaurant! Food was
Great restaurant! Food was amazing, great ambiance, superb service! Would definitely visit again!
3/29/2013 12:00:00 AM
Good food and service. Beverage
Good food and service. Beverage prices were ridiculous: the water and tea cost over 20% of the bill (only sparkling water and a little bit of tea). Price gouging at its finest.
3/27/2013 12:00:00 AM
The lamb was too fatty for
The lamb was too fatty for me but otherwise everything was fantastic.
3/26/2013 12:00:00 AM
Superb!
Had a wonderful experience at this restaurant. The staff were well trained and everyone work in sync. Food was superb. Would recommend this. We took advantage of Restaurant Week in Boston. We would return for a special occasion.
3/24/2013 12:00:00 AM
Phenomenal food, excellent
Phenomenal food, excellent service, offset by loud atmosphere, most of the restaurant is cozy little booths, but the back room is cramped tables that feel like your on top of the table next to you.
3/24/2013 12:00:00 AM
The food is outstanding, service
The food is outstanding, service is courteous and friendly, and Saturday nights, there are very enthusiastic belly dancers! Definitely the place to go for a fun night out with friends. Just beware the belly dancers if you're on the shy side - they don't take no for an answer. ;)
3/23/2013 12:00:00 AM
Service for my wife and I
Service for my wife and I was very good. Food arrived at a good pace. Ambiance was great; we were able to sit next to each other and shaded from other diners by by curtains. Both meals very good (short rib tagline and duck). A bit pricey, but overall a good experience.
3/23/2013 12:00:00 AM
Amazing food and ambiance!
Great for a date or small group of fun friends if you reserve a private curtained space. Fun atmosphere, live belly dancing, and amazing food! First time having Moroccan and I am hooked. Our waitress had great recommendations and was so friendly
3/22/2013 12:00:00 AM
We had the best time! First
We had the best time! First time dining here and it was amazing! Food was delicious and service was excellent. Tatiana was our server and was great! Very romantic and sexy place to go to! My husband and I felt like we were on our honeymoon!! Highly recommend and can't wait to go back Thank you!!
3/21/2013 12:00:00 AM
The ambiance was calming.
The ambiance was calming. The food was scrumptious. It was also just the right quantity to satisfy and not waste. Our waiter was attentive while not being overbearing.
3/20/2013 12:00:00 AM
We came up from RI and this
We came up from RI and this was a great first time experiece. The atmoshpere, food and service were great and we'll be back again.
3/16/2013 12:00:00 AM
Pleasant trip
Found Tangierino after jogging past it the other day. A pleasantly cavernous journey precedes your arrival at a group nest or a mismatched chair and table. Multiple things are off the menu, but the things we had were a joy. The shrimp starter was substantial and flavoursome. I had the cod and risotto special that presented me with two pucks that in the light appeared exactly the same and selectively obscured by brushes of fresh arugula. Happily they presented two wonderfully cooked textures built to support the Fibonacci-esque inter-costal muscles of that rare cod. Heather had the royal cous-cous, consisting of the old world cous cous bolstered with a tender joint of lamb and a well received spanicopita'd chunk of minced lamb.
3/15/2013 12:00:00 AM
Larger map ›
Smaller map ›
Diners' Choice Awards
Boston Winners
Romantic
Learn more ›
Like Tangierino
Related Links
See Full Restaurant List
Browse all Mediterranean Restaurants
Make a Reservation at Tangier
<|endofexample|>
:
For assembly 1, amplify H2B with
1."1A3/H2B fwd", 5'- tctggaattcgcggccgcttCTAGA-ATGCCAGAGCCAGCGAAGTC
2."H2B/LOV rev", 5'-CGTTCAAGTGTAGTAGCCAA-CTTAGCGCTGGTGTACTTGG
…and amplify LOV with
1."H2B/LOV fwd", 5'-CCAAGTACACCAGCGCTAAG-TTGGCTACTACACTTGAACG
2."LOV+his/1A3 rev", 5'- actgcagcggccgctactagT-ttagtggtgatggtgatgatg-AAGTTCTTTTGCCGCCTCAT
After PCR of each part, the two PCR products will be mixed with the X/S cut vector and subjected to isothermal assembly:
For assembly 2, amplify LOV with
1."1A3/LOV fwd", 5'-tctggaattcgcggccgcttCTAGA-TTGGCTACTACACTTGAACG
2."LOV/H2B rev", 5'-GACTTCGCTGGCTCTGGCAT-AAGTTCTTTTGCCGCCTCAT
…and amplify H2B with
1."LOV/H2B fwd", 5'-ATGAGGCGGCAAAAGAACTT-ATGCCAGAGCCAGCGAAGTC
2."H2B+his/1A3 rev", 5'-actgcagcggccgctactagT-ttagtggtgatggtgatgatg-CTTAGCGCTGGTGTACTTGG
<|endofexample|>
- 
Vincent Boussard
French director Vincent Boussard has concentrated on opera since making his debut at the Comédie Française’s Studio Theatre in 1999. Since then productions have included Il re pastore and Così fan tutte at the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels, Don Giovanni at the Festwochen für Alte Musik in Innsbruck and Baden Baden Festival as well as several baroque operas, collaborating with conductors including René Jacobs, William Christie and Alessandro de Marchi. He also works on productions with young artists at various opera studios including those in Madrid, Ghent, Brussels and Lyon. His most recent productions were Louise at the Opéra National du Rhin, Hamlet at Marseille Opera, Agrippina and Candide at the Staatsoper in Berlin, I Capuleti e i Montecchi at the Bayerische Staatsoper in Munich, Oper Graz and San Francisco Opera, Carmen in Stockholm, Salome at the Theater St. Gallen and La finta giardiniera at the 2012 Festival d'Aix-en-Provence. Future new productions include Madame Butterfly at the Hamburg State Opera, Radamisto at the Theater an der Wien (Vienna), Les Pêcheurs de Perles/The Pearl Fishers at the Opéra National du Rhin, Un ballo in maschera and La Favorite at the Théâtre National du Capitole in Toulouse and the Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny/Rise and Fall of Mahagonny at the Staatsoper in Berlin.
Season 2012/2013
ADRIANA LECOUVREUR
Francesco Cilea
Franco Fagioli (Counter-Tenor)
Luca Pianca (Archlute)
Jeremy Joseph (Harpsichord)
Marco Frezzato (Violoncello)
Tuesday 08.01.2013 20:00 h
Opera House
<|endofexample|>
This is a discussion on EA Makes Tactical Change w/ Introduction of FIFA Manager 06 (PC) within the Sports Gaming News forums.
"Electronic Arts (NASDAQ: ERTS) the world's leading interactive entertainment software company, today announced a new look, feel and name for its Total Club Manager franchise. Launching on PCCD in October 2005 the new edition will be released as FIFA Manager 06*. The game boasts an improved user-friendly interface and more than 2,000 clubs and over 20,000 players, providing football fans with the most complete, up-to-date and authentic football manager experience on PC."
«
Previous Thread
|
Next Thread
»
«
Operation Sports Forums
> The News Desk
> Sports Gaming News
»
<|endofexample|>
At age 19, Maya knew one thing for sure—that her banana pudding was the best.
Get the recipe: Maya Angelou's Banana Pudding
What's a show in New York City without a Top 10 list? To kick off the first Oprah Fridays Live, Late Show host David Letterman sent over a special countdown.
We went through every recipe published in O since day one--about 750 in all--and found the 10 that are sure to become part or your repertoire.
What's the secret to a healthy diet? Dr. Katz shares his top 10 rules for eating right..
<|endofexample|>
Walking is a great form of exercise and produces endorphins, which will give you a natural boost. It doesn't have to be a long walk—just 10 minutes can change your day and attitude!
What happens when caregivers need care.
You're sinking into another bad and worsening day. But wait! You don't have to go there.
While the market plunges, free-floating anxiety is rising. How to cope with all the excess worry? Nancy Palmer reports on a few soothing ideas.
Experts share five ways to reduce stress and face your fears.
Your browser does not support iframes.
<|endofexample|>
On the 40th anniversary of Earth Day, journalist Simran Sethi reflects on what it really means to be an environmentalist.
Oprah Radio host Nate Berkus talks with furniture designer and manufacturer Robert Craymer about eco-friendly design.
Think long lines and crushing crowds are just part of the experience when visiting the world's greatest cultural attractions? Travel expert Peter Greenberg says they don't have to be.
Elizabeth Rogers helps explain terms used on eco-friendly labels.
Your browser does not support iframes.
<|endofexample|>
Access
To view this article you will need to login or make a payment.
If you have arrived on this page from an external web site and wish to view the article abstract first, click on the link below.
Citation
P. Garfias, L. Gutiérrez, and S. Sallent, "Enhanced DBA to Provide QoS to Coexistent EPON and 10G-EPON Networks," J. Opt. Commun. Netw. 4, 978-988 (2012)
Please contact elec@osa.org with any questions you may have.
<|endofexample|>
In this tutorial, you use JDeveloper to create and deploy a Java web service and manage it using Application Server Control.
Time to Complete
Approximately 30 minutes
This tutorial covers the following topics:
Creating the Web Service on the Java Class
Managing the Web Service.
Web services are discrete reusable software components that can be incorporated into applications. They build upon existing XML and HTTP protocols and use the following standards:
JDeveloper provides many features to help you to create and deploy web services and to find existing web services to use in your applications. This tutorial shows you how to use some of JDeveloper's web services tools to create and optionally to monitor web services, and also how to use Application Server Control to manage a web service.
Back to Topic List
You want to use JDeveloper to develop components for common functions and deploy them as web services. You would also like to be able to manage the web service for such tasks as logging and security, and monitor HTTP requests and responses generated by invoking the web service.
Before starting this tutorial, you should:
Have installed JDeveloper 10g (10.1.3.1.0).
Have started JDeveloper by double-clicking
<jdev_home>
\jdeveloper.exe
.
If you receive a message asking if you want to migrate from a previous version, click
No.
Start Oracle Application Server Containers for J2EE (OC4J) by double-clicking
<jdev_home>
\jdev\bin\start_oc4j.bat
.
If prompted for a password, enter
welcome1. Nothing displays as you enter the password. You will have to reenter it on the next line to confirm. If you are not asked for a password, for later steps you will need to know what password was set when OC4J was initially started.
Watch the resulting command window and wait until you see the message 'Oracle Containers for J2EE 10g (10.1.3.1.0) initialized'. Then you can minimize the window, but do not close it.
Create a connection in JDeveloper to OC4J:
JDeveloper allows you to use an existing web service or to create one with Java or PL/SQL. In this tutorial, you create a web service that is based on a Java class.
To create the Java class for the web service, perform the following steps:
1.
In the Applications Navigator, right-click the
Applications node and select
New Application from the context menu.
2.
In the Create Application dialog, enter the Application Name of
JavaWebService.
From the Application Template drop down list, select
No Template [All Technologies].
Click
OK.
In the Create Project dialog, enter a Project Name of
GetDates and click
OK.
In the Applications Navigator, right-click the
GetDates project and select
New from the context menu.
In the New Gallery, select the
General node in the Categories list, and then in the Items list select
Java Class. Click
OK.
In the Create Java Class dialog, enter:
Name:
GetDates
Package:
datespackage
Name:
GetDates
Package:
datespackage
The new Java class is created and displayed in the editor.
In the editor, create a method
getDate() that uses
java.util.Calendar to return the date and time.
public Calendar getDate()
{
return Calendar.getInstance();
}
Because the code refers to a class that is not yet available to this package, you are prompted to import the class. Press
[Alt]+[Enter] to import the suggested class
java.util.Calendar.
In the editor, create a second method
getDateHence() that uses
java.util.GregorianCalendar to add a user-defined number of days, specified as the
int parameter
daysHence, to today's date. Add the following code below the
getDate() method, pressing
[Alt]+[Enter] when prompted to import
java.util.GregorianCalendar:
public Calendar getDateHence( int daysHence)
{
GregorianCalendar myCalendar = new GregorianCalendar();
myCalendar.add(GregorianCalendar.DATE, daysHence);
return myCalendar;
}
public Calendar getDateHence( int daysHence)
{
GregorianCalendar myCalendar = new GregorianCalendar();
myCalendar.add(GregorianCalendar.DATE, daysHence);
return myCalendar;
}
Click
Make
to compile the class. The log should show successful compilation.
Creating a Web Service on the Java Class
To create a web service based on the Java class that you just created, perform the following steps:
Right-click the
GetDates project and select
New from the context menu.
In the New Gallery, expand
Business Tier in the Categories list and select
Web Services, then select
Java Web Service from the Items list. Click
OK.
In the Select J2EE Web Service Version dialog, select
J2EE 1.4 (JAX-RPC) Web Service, then click
OK.
If the Welcome page of the Create Java J2EE 1.4 Web Service dialog displays, click
In the Class page of the wizard
On the Message Format page of the wizard, click
On the Specify Custom DataType Serializers page of the wizard, click
On the Mapping page of the wizard, click
On the Methods page of the wizard, select the
check boxes next to both methods from the Available Methods list and click
Finish.
If it is not already open in the editor, open the WSDL document for the web service: Under the
GetDates project in the Applications Navigator, expand
Web Content and
WEB-INF\wsdl, then double-click
GetDatesWS.wsdl.
Another way to open the WSDL is to right-click the
GetDatesWS web service in the Applications Navigator and select
Go to WSDL from the context menu.
Click the
Source tab of the WSDL editor. Scroll to the bottom of the WSDL file to the URL defined in the soap:address node. It should be similar to:
Select the entire URL in the editor and press
[Ctrl]+[C] to copy it to the clipboard. You will use this URL in a later step.
If the file is still open, click the
GetDates.java tab at the top of the editor, or reopen the GetDates.java file by double-clicking it in the Applications Navigator: (
JavaWebService >
GetDates > A
pplication Sources >
datespackage >
GetDates.java).
Note the Java 5 annotation (line beginning with "
@") that has been generated because of the selection you made above. Inclusion of annotations is optional.
There is another way to develop web services that is called contract-driven, or top-down, development. This approach is more responsive to business requirements, rather than simply creating a service layer in a bottom-up manner by wrapping existing systems using web services. In JDeveloper, the top-down approach uses the WSDL editor, rather than the wizard, to create a new WSDL and generate all the classes and service artifacts.
You will not use contract-driven development in this tutorial. However, now you can examine the WSDL editor to see what the wizard created for you and how all the elements are related. To explore the WSDL editor, perform the following steps:
If the file is still open, click the
GetDatesWS.wsdl tab at the top of the editor, or reopen the GetDatesWS.wsdl file by double-clicking it in the Applications Navigator: (
JavaWebService >
GetDates >
Web Content >
WEB-INF\wsdl >
GetDatesWS.wsdl)
Click the
Design tab at the bottom of the editor to view the visual editor.
In the
Services column, select the
GetDatesWSSoapHttpPort node.
Observe how the content of the Bindings and Port Types columns are now highlighted and connected.
Note: You may need to select
View
|
Refresh from the JDeveloper menu in order to see all the connections. To make viewing easier, you can double-click the tab at the top of the editor to maximize the editor window. You can restore the window by double-clicking it again.
In the
Bindings column, select the
getDate node.
Observe how the getDate binding is linked to the getDate operation in the Port Types column.
Note: You may need to select
View
|
Refresh from the JDeveloper menu in order to see all the connections.
Expand the
getDateHence binding node, and select the
input node.
Observe how the GetDatesWS_getDateHence message (under Messages) is connected to the getDateHence operation (under Port Types), which is in turn connected to the input node of the getDateHence binding.
In the Applications Navigator, expand the
Resources node. Right-click
WebServices.deploy, and select
Deploy to >
oc4jconn from the context menu.
(
Note: This assumes that you have started OC4J and have created a connection to it as described in
Prerequisites.)
In the Configure Application dialog, click
OK.
The log window should show successful deployment.
Open a browser and paste the URL you copied from the WSDL file above, which is the GetDatesWS endpoint page generated by OC4J.
The endpoint page for the GetDatesWS displays. Note the dropdown list with links to the two methods: getDate and getDateHence.
Click
getDate.
The page displays an area where you can specify parameters for the method. Because this method does not take any parameters, just click the
Invoke button to invoke the getDate method of the web service.
After you invoke the web service, the window displays the SOAP envelope containing the test result, which is today's date and time. It looks something like this:
<ns0:return>
2006-08-23T18:14:00.713+01:00</ns0:return>
Click
Back to return to the GetDatesWS endpoint page, then select
getDateHence.
The GetDateHence method requires a parameter.
In the box provided for the
daysHence parameter enter the number
5, to return the date five days hence. Click
Invoke.
After you invoke the web service, the Test Result window displays the date and time five days from today. It looks something like this:
<ns0:return>
2006-08-28T18:30:20.495+01:00</ns0:return>
Retest the GetDateHence method with a different value:
Leave the browser open for the next section.
To use Oracle Application Server Control to manage the web service, perform the following steps:
Using the same server and port number, in the browser enter the URL for application server control:
http://<server>:<port>/em
The Application Server Control login screen displays.
Enter a username of
oc4jadmin and a password of
welcome1 (or whatever password was used when initially starting OC4J), then click
On the home page, click the
Web Services tab.
Click the
GetDatesWSSoapHttpPort link.
You can view performance information from the service port home page. You can see the number of times the web service has been invoked, the number of faults, and the average response time in milliseconds.
Click the
Operations tab.
On the Operations tab you can view the performance information for the getDate and getDateHence operations:
Click the
Home tab
Click
Test Service.
Invoke each of the web service operations a few times, as you did in the testing steps 3-8 in the
Deploying and Testing the Web Service topic.
Now return to the
Operations page. You should see that the Total Requests have been incremented according to the number of invocations you made for each operation.
Click the
Home tab. You should see that the Invocations value has been incremented to reflect the total number of invocations for both operations.
Click the
Administration tab, then click
Enable/Disable Features.
In the Enable/Disable Features page, Ctrl-click to select
Tracing and
Auditing from the Available Features list, then click
Move to shuttle them to the Enabled Features list.
Click
OK.
On the Administration tab, click
Edit Configuration for the
Auditing feature.
By default, all auditing is available for both operations.
Deselect the check boxes for
Request Message,
Response Message, and
Fault Message for the
getDate operation, leaving the ones for the getDateHence operation selected.
.
Again invoke each of the web service operations a few times, as you did in the testing steps 3-8 in the
Deploying and Testing the Web Service topic.
Use
Windows Explorer to open the file
<jdev_home>\j2ee\home\log\wsmgmt\auditing\log.xml
.
In the log file you are able to see the invocations of the web service operations (screen shots show Notepad with Word Wrap turned on (Format > Word Wrap):
Note that you see the invocations of the getDateHence operation only, as you specified in the auditing options.
When you are finished examining the log file, you can close it.
Although you will not do so in this tutorial, another thing that you can do with Application Server Control of web services is to set the inbound security policies for JAX RPC web services deployed in OC4J container 10.1.3. You can set options such as requiring a username/password for authentication, requiring the message body to be signed, and requiring encryption of the message body. These administrative features can also be defined and managed from within JDeveloper.
This topic shows you how to use the HTTP Analyzer to examine the request/response packets sent and received by JDeveloper when you run a proxy to a web service. When you start the HTTP Analyzer, it updates the proxy settings in JDeveloper so that all TCP data is sent through an intermediate port and then on to your original proxy, if one is defined. The proxy settings are restored when you turn the HTTP Analyzer off, or when you exit JDeveloper.
To monitor the web service, perform the following steps:
Creating a web service proxy
To use the HTTP Analyzer, you need to create a web service proxy so that you can run the service from within JDeveloper. You must create the web service proxy in a new project.
In the Applications Navigator, right-click the
JavaWebService application and select
New Project from the context menu.
The New Gallery opens with Empty Project highlighted -- just click
OK.
In the Create Project dialog, enter a Project Name of
GetDatesWSProxy, then click
OK.
Right-click the
GetDatesWSProxy project and select
New from the context menu.
In the New Gallery, expand
Business Tier and select
Web Services in the Categories list, then in the Items list select
Web Service Proxy and click
OK.
If the Welcome page of the Create Web Service Proxy wizard displays, click
On the Web Service Description page of the wizard, invoke the WSDL Document URL dropdown list and select the WSDL that appears in the tooltip, which is similar to the following (although the initial part of the path is different for your computer):
file:/D:/JDev10131/jdev/mywork/JavaWebService/GetDates/public_html/WEB-INF/wsdl/GetDatesWS.wsdl
Press the
[Tab] key to validate the WSDL, then click
On the Port Endpoints page of the wizard, select the option
Run against a service deployed to an external server. Select the
Port Name and Endpoint URL that appear in the list, then click
Click
Next on the next two wizard pages (Custom Mappings and Defined Handlers).
On the Default Mapping Options page of the wizard, change the Package Name to
datespackage.proxy, then click
Click
Next on the Support Files page of the wizard.
On the Finish page you should see both methods listed. Click
Finish.
The web service proxy generation process creates four directories and numerous files, and opens
datespackage.GetDatesWSSoapHttpPortClient.java in the editor (if this file does not open automatically, double-click it in the Applications Navigator to open it).
In the editor, locate the following line of comment in the
main() method:
// Add your own code here :
// Add your own code here :
Below that line, add the following code:
int addDays = 5;
System.out.println("The date and time "
+ addDays + " days hence is: " + myPort.getDateHence(addDays));
int addDays = 5;
System.out.println("The date and time "
+ addDays + " days hence is: " + myPort.getDateHence(addDays));
Click Make
to save and compile the file.
Click
Run
to run the class.
The message log displays the URL that is called on one line. On the next line it displays your message "The future date and time: " followed by the date as a GregorianCalendar object.
Back to Topic
Using the HTTP Analyzer
Display the HTTP Analyzer window by selecting
View > HTTP Analyzer. The Http Analyzer window opens. By default it is docked at the lower right of JDeveloper's user interface.
Start monitoring the packets by clicking
Start
in the HTTP Analyzer.
Re-run the class. The request/response packets are listed in the HTTP Analyzer.
To see the contents of a packet pair, select it in the
History page, then click the
Data tab. The data page shows the value that was sent to the web service in the request information (left panels), and the value returned by the web service in the response information (right panels).
If you have run other things with the HTTP Analyzer started, you can use the Previous Request/Response Pair
and Next Request/Response Pair
buttons to examine other packet pairs.
When you are debugging a web service, you can change the contents of a request packet and resend it so as to see the changes in the response packet.
To try this, in the request packet that sent the value
5, change the value to
365. Then click
Resend Request
.
The amended packet is sent. Click Next Request/Response Pair
and examine the response packet to see the change.
To close HTTP Analyzer window, click the
x on the Http Analyzer tab.
Summary
In this tutorial you published a Java class as a web service. You deployed and tested it, then used Application Server Control to manage the web service. You also created a web service proxy for the web service and monitored it with the HTTP Analyzer.
Related Information
To learn more about using web services, refer to:
<|endofexample|>
With Oracle SCM, companies can build and operate world class value-chains for profitable growth. The Oracle E-Business Suite Supply Chain Management (R12). And when Oracle Supply Chain Management runs on Oracle technology, you speed implementation, optimize performance, streamline support–and maximize ROI.
Get Better Information. Make Smarter Decisions. Deliver Best Results.
Oracle Supply Chain Management R12 enables you to drive supply chain processes based on real-time demand information, and in turn provide customers accurate information on pricing and availability. The results – you maximize value in your supply chain while increasing revenues and customer satisfaction levels.
Gain Key, Industry-Specific Capabilities
From compliance issues to sourcing strategies, each industry has a unique set of supply chain challenges. Oracle Supply Chain Management R12 provides comprehensive solutions for the following industries: Airlines, Automotive, Communications, Consumer Goods, High Technology, Industrial Manufacturing, Life Sciences, and the Public Sector.
Support Global Networks and Outsourcing
Supply chain operations are increasingly global, with outsourcing playing a key role. Oracle Supply Chain Management R12 enables you to collaborate with partners across global regions, manage complex suppliers networks with real-time information, and adapt quickly to global constraints and demand.
<|endofexample|>
The social network for Oracle people
The interactive analysis is a circular analytics procedure comprising assumption, verification, and calibration by the analyst to achieve the fuzzy computation goal. For specifics and details, please refer to another article I composed: Interactive Analysis and Related Tools.
Because there are so many tools for interactive analysis that not everyone can know all of them, I will only focus on and compare the 7 commonest tools: R, Matlab, esProc, SAS, SPSS, Excel, and SQL. These tools and languages are quite distinctive. In fact, I think there are also quite a few good tools, such as BMDP, Eview, Stata, S-Plus, Octave, Scilab, Mathematica, and minitab, just to name a few. We will discuss them in other essays.
Since it is the comparison on the interactive analysis tools, the project to compare must be also typical and pertinent correspondingly. I listed 5 metrics, and each of them is rated by 5 ★ at the highest. The more ★, the more advantages this tool has regarding this metric.
For example,
UI friendliness: The more ★, the friendlier interface and the easier operations will be.
Technical competence requirement: The more ★, the lower requirements on the technical background like the mathematic algorithm and programming skills.
Stepwise computation: The more ★, the easier to decompose and solve the complex problem.
Support for structured data: The more ★, the easier to perform the analysis on the structured data.
Fixed algorithm: The more ★, the greater number of fixed algorithms and the stronger functionality are available.
These 5 metrics surely cannot present the ins and outs of interactive analysis tools, not mention all computational tools. In the practical use, there are many metrics deserving considerations, which are too many to be discussed here and we will further explore them later, for example, price, number of enhanced documents, after-sales technical support, stability and robustness, operational speed, data volume, concurrent computation ability, formats of input and output files, interface for secondary development, platform portability, and multi-party collaboration ability.
SQL
More accurately speaking, SQL or Structured Query Language is not a tool. SQL is originally introduced by E.F.Codd and implemented by IBM, and nowadays an ANSI and ISO standard computer language. It is the most widely used structured data query and analysis language supported by most vendors, such as Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, Sybase, Informix, MySQL, VF, Access, Firebird, and sqlite. These vendors offer the vendor-characterized syntax that is almost incompatible with each other.
SQL has the largest number of users and the most extensive platform support. The syntax of SQL is close to that of the natural language, making it easy for programmers to learn. But, on the other hand, the drawbacks of SQL are also quite obvious, for example, it is easy to learn a little but hard to grasp it and implement the complicated data analysis. The nested queries of SQL can be used to implement the liner stepwise computation, but it is hard to implement the stepwise computation that is tree-like and easy to decompose and reuse, just like R language and other tools do. In addition, SQL lacks the quantification-oriented functions that are available for Matlab and other tools. To perform the complex computation, SQL users need to resort to the stored procedure developed by programmers with strong technical background. Since SQL also lacks the object-based access mode that is adopted by esProc and other tools, it is also relatively complex for SQL users to represent the multi-table join, and unfavorable for business analyst to study the problem from the business perceptive.
UI friendliness: ★☆☆☆☆
Technical competence requirement: ★☆☆☆☆
Stepwise computation: ★☆☆☆☆
Support for structured data: ★★★★★
Fixed algorithm: ★☆☆☆☆
Target user: Programmer, database administer
Excel
Excel is a business application developed by Microsoft. It is a spreadsheet with intuitive interface, outstanding computation capability and excellent chart tools. In addition, having incorporated VBA, Excel becomes flexible even more greatly. Almost everyone can use it to well meet the need of any industries, any enterprise, or any workspace environment.
Excel is characterized by its high user friendliness. Excel users can name the variable after the cell, just as natural as that, not requiring any effort to define the name like SAS and other tools do. Excel cells are aligned by nature, saving the effort of typesetting. Excel allows for invoking other cells intuitively and calculating automatically, capable to implement the stepwise computation easily. However, on the other side of the coin, the great universality of Excel makes Excel suffers from the relatively poor specialty. With a cell as a unit, the support of Excel for structured data is quite poor. The functionalities of function are rather simple and the representation ability of Excel syntax is not great enough to handle the complex data analysis and specialized scientific computation.
UI friendliness: ★★★★★
Technical competence requirement: ★★★★★
Stepwise computation: ★★★★☆
Support for structured data: ★☆☆☆☆
Fixed algorithm: ★★☆☆☆
Target user: Financial personnel and even those without technical background
Official website:
R
R was originally created by Ross Ihaka and Robert Gentleman at the University of Auckland. It is an open source developing language and software environment running on multiple platforms. R is of object-oriented programming style with the flexible chart plotting ability, inbuilt with several statistics and mathematics analysis capabilities. The greatest application field of R is the bio-information studies, and it is also applied in the econometrics, finance and economics, and humane studies fields.
The most important characteristic of R is that R is free. R is an open source project maintained by the statistician and the mathematician. In addition, it boasts the elegant and agile mechanics of syntax and the open interface for secondary development, so there are a great number of third party packages. But R lacks of the excellent UI interface. Strong technical background and well-grasped expertise are required to use R well.
UI friendliness (the more ★, the friendlier): ★☆☆☆☆
Technical competence requirement (the more ★, the lower level): ★★☆☆☆
Stepwise computation (the more ★, the more powerful): ★★★★☆
Support for structured data (the more ★, the better support): ★★★☆☆
Fixed algorithm (The more ★, the greater number and more powerful feature):★★★★☆
Target user: statistician, mathematician, scientist
Official website:
Matlab
Matlab is a business application developed by MathWorks, Inc. It is an interactive computing environment and fourth generation programming language for numerical computation, algorithm development, and data analysis. You can also use it to plot graphics and charts and create the user interface. Matlab is widely used in the industrial automation design and analysis, and other fields like the image processing, signal processing, communications, and finance modeling and analysis.
Similar to R, Matlab also has a good scalability. It provides the Toolbox style for users to use, review, edit, and share its extended capabilities. Although the third party functions of Matlab are not as many as that of R, Matlab can provide a more superior quality management and some even more powerful functionalities. Plus, regarding its graphic operation interface, Matlab also has an advantage over R .
UI friendliness: ★★☆☆☆
Technical competence requirement: ★★☆☆☆
Stepwise computation: ★★★★☆
Support for structured data: ★★★☆☆
Fixed algorithm: ★★★★☆
Target user: Industrial engineer and statistician
Official website:
esProc
esProc is business desktop application developed by RAQSOFT Inc, specialized in the interactive analysis on the structured data. esProc advocates the free data analysis, requiring relatively low degree of technical competence. It is also renowned for its agile and easy-to-use syntax system. Therefore, esProc is widely adopted by the organizations with a relatively less strong technical background, including most business users, and some users from industrial and financial sectors.
The most distinctive characteristic of esProc is the Excel-style interface for analysis. Which means esProc is of great usability and ideal to achieve the computation goal that is either complex or decomposition-required to compute in steps. With abundant functions for structured data, esProc improves and over-performs SQL in many respects. However, esProc lacks of the fixed algorithm and functions specific to some industries, such as correlation analysis or regression analysis.
UI friendliness: ★★★★☆
Technical competence requirement: ★★★★☆
Stepwise computation: ★★★★★
Support for structured data: ★★★★★
Fixed algorithm: ★☆☆☆☆
Target user: business data analyst, nonprofessional statistician, and finance analyst
Official website:
SAS
SAS is a business application developed by SAS Institute Inc. It is a large information system for decision-making support. On one hand, SAS system is quite complex and strict with data, which makes it hard for users to learn, and on the other hand, it is highly precise and trustworthy. SAS is mainly applied in the natural science, economic decision, and enterprise decision. SAS products are also widely applied and adopted in various areas.
Huge, comprehensive, and profound, SAS is characterized with the greatest number of library functions and features as well as the most powerful capabilities in chart plotting for in-depth applications in almost every sector. Although the user interface of SAS has been improved a lot, it is still less friendly than other analysis software.
UI friendliness: ★★☆☆☆
Technical competence requirement: ★☆☆☆☆
Stepwise computation: ★★★★☆
Structured data support: ★★★★☆
Fixed algorithm: ★★★★★
Target user: Statistician, financial specialist, government, and think tank of multinationals
Official website:
SPSS
SPSS or PASW is a business application developed by IBM, mainly applied in the statistical analysis, data mining, and decision support. SPSS not only has a user-friendly interface for analysis, but also a set of common and mature statistical procedures, which can satisfy the work requirement of most nonprofessional statistician to the full. SPSS is mainly applied in the communications, medical, finance, and some social science fields. In fact, SPSS is one of the most widely-used professional analysis tools.
SPSS is committed to building the easy-to-implement statistical procedures. Therefore, SPSS has a powerful graphic user interface that is easy for beginners to accept. Compared with syntaxes of other programming languages, the syntax of SPSS is fairly poor and is incapable for the free analysis other than the fixed algorithms. The menu-style interface is also a major obstacle of stepwise computation.
UI friendliness: ★★★★☆
Technical competence requirement: ★★★★☆
Stepwise computation: ★★☆☆☆
Support for structured data: ★★★☆☆
Fixed algorithm: ★★★☆☆
Target user: Business data analyst, nonprofessional statistician, and financial analysis specialist
Official website:
Findings: R is usually used in the normal scientific calculation and highly capable to handle the interactive analysis. But the user interface of R is rather simple and the technical requirement is high. Matlab is similar to R and mostly used in the industrial design. Some algorithms of Matlab are better and more reliable than that of R. esProc is used in the typical business computation and powerful enough to handle the interactive analysis through a friendly interface, only requiring low level of technical requirements on users. But esProc lacks the fixed algorithms for scientific areas. SAS is similar to R and mostly used in the economic decision and natural sciences with a powerful enough ability in interactive analysis. The interface of SAS is rather simple, which results in a very high requirement on user's technical background. SPSS is mostly used in the social science studies, simple to use and powerful, but not flexible enough to process the complex interactive analysis. As the base of business application, SQL can barely handle the interactive analysis but it is quite difficult. Excel is the commonplace for everyone to handle their daily office work, capable to handle the simple interactive analysis job but not the professional problem.
Let me conclude this essay by reiterating this point that there is no perfect tool but the tool suites you best, and sometimes you will need to grasp several tools to use in combination.
Author: Jim King
BI technology consultant for Raqsoft;
10 + years of experience on BI/OLAP application, statistical computing and analytics
Views: 23
Comment
© 2013 Created by Eddie Awad.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
Wow, good job! so comprehensive!
<|endofexample|>
Exposure: Catching up with Photographer Robb Wilson
2 of 24
Shooting from the water has been one of the biggest blessings in my life ever! Not only did it help me recover from my injuries, but it also gave me my life, my Identity,my spirit and my soul back! I'll take one good water shot over ten good land shots any day! This is a shot of Fisher Heverly at Trestles
BY ROBBWILSON.COM
ADVERTISEMENT
CASINO GUIDE
Sponsored by:
ADVERTISEMENT
OrangeCounty.com on Facebook
ADVERTISEMENT
<|endofexample|>
Orders of Battle Web Client version 1.1.0.6
If you have any questions or comments, please contact webmaster@ordersofbattle.com
PLEASE NOTE that this database is a work in progress
PLEASE support this website by shopping at Amazon and Naval and Military Press through the links!
DISCLAIMER: Please note that this database is totally non-Political and does not espouse any specific political agenda!!
<|endofexample|>
Pro Landscape, Inc., a Minority-owned Success
Pro Landscape, Inc., and its subsidiary, PLI Systems, Inc., of Hillsboro, are owned and operated by Manuel Castaneda. Manuel has grown his companies to about $7 million and has 40 employees.
Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) and Women Business Enterprise (WBE) certifications are for firms seeking contracting opportunities with state, county, city and special jurisdictions. Some of the jurisdictions include the city of Portland, Multnomah County, METRO and the Portland Development Commission (PDC). The eligibility criteria is based on Oregon Administrative Rule 123-200-0030.
Majority ownership is just one eligibility requirement for these certifications.
The minority or woman owner(s) must have made a real and substantial contribution of capital or expertise to the business.
The minority- or woman-owned business must not be dependent on a non-disadvantaged firm(s) or individual(s). Businesses must not exceed the size standards as defined by the Small Business Administration, North American Industry Classification System Codes (NAICS) size standards.
Applications for Minority Business Enterprise and Women Business Enterprise use the same application form. Applications are available in two formats.
Application—Word format
Application
Emerging Small Business Short form
The short form used only when applying for the Minority and/or Woman Business Enterprise certification. Oregon firms can save time and money if an Emerging Small Business Certification as well as a minority and/or woman business certification are sought. The business must be an Oregon firm (your principle place of business must be located in Oregon).
Emerging Small Business Short formWord format
Emerging Small Business Short form
The application and required documents must be mailed to:
Business Oregon
Small Business Services, OMWESB
775 Summer St NE, Suite 200
Salem, OR 97301-1280
Oregon has seven distinct geographic regions, all offering diverse recreation opportunities and culinary experiences.
Google Translate
<|endofexample|>
2011 ORS § 319.790¹
Petition for reassessment
(1) Any user or seller against whom an assessment is made under ORS 319.760 (Assessment of deficiency) and 319.780 (Assessing tax and penalty upon failure to make report) may petition for a reassessment within 30 days after service of notice of the assessment. If a petition is not filed within the 30-day period, the amount of the assessment becomes conclusive.
(2) If a petition for reassessment is filed within the 30-day period the Department of Transportation shall reconsider the assessment and, if requested in the petition, shall grant the user or seller an oral hearing and give the user or seller 10 days notice of the time and place thereof. The department may continue the hearing from time to time. The department shall serve on the petitioner notice of its finding upon reassessment. If the finding is that a tax or penalty is delinquent, the petitioner shall pay to the department, within 30 days after notice is served, all the tax or penalty found to be delinquent.
(3) Notice required by this section shall be served in the manner prescribed by ORS 319.760 (Assessment of deficiency) (3). [Amended by 1959 c.188 §28]
<|endofexample|>
2011 ORS § 466.830¹
Halting tank operation upon clear and immediate danger
(1) Whenever, in the judgment of the Department of Environmental Quality from the results of monitoring or observation of an identified release, there is reasonable cause to believe that a clear and immediate danger to the public health, welfare, safety or the environment exists from the continued operation of an underground storage tank, the department may, without hearing or prior notice, order the operation of the underground storage tank or site halted by service of an order on the owner or permittee of the underground storage tank or site.
(2) Within 24 hours after the order is served under subsection (1) of this section, the department shall appear in the appropriate circuit court to petition for the equitable relief required to protect the public health, safety, welfare or the environment. [1987 c.539 §36]
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON -- The U.S. and its allies are moving in Syria toward a program of covert support for the rebels that, for better or worse, looks very much like what America and its friends did in Afghanistan in the 1980s.
The parallels are spooky, if you'll forgive the pun. In Syria, as in Afghanistan, CIA officers are operating at the borders (in this case mostly in Jordan and Turkey) helping Sunni insurgents improve their command and control, plus other activities. Weapons are coming from third parties (in Afghanistan, they came mostly from China and Egypt; in Syria, they're mainly bought on the black market). And finally, a major financier for both insurgencies has been Saudi Arabia.
There..
-- The U.S. should work hard (if secretly) to help the more sensible elements of the Syrian opposition, and limit the influence of extremists. This policy was ignored in Afghanistan, where the U.S. allowed Pakistan (aided by Saudi money) to back the fighters it liked -- who turned out to be among the most extreme and dangerous. America is still trying to undo the mess caused by that exercise in realpolitik. Don't do it again.
-- Finally, the U.S. should subtly play the tribal card, which may be as crucial in Syria as it was in Iraq. The leaders of many Syrian tribes have sworn a blood oath of vengeance against Assad and their power is one reason why the engine of this insurgency is rural, conservative and Sunni. But Iraq showed that the tribal leaders can be the best bulwark against the growth of al-Qaida and other extremists.
What's scary about Syria is that al-Qaida is already fighting there, in the hundreds. Cells in Mosul and other parts of northern Iraq are sending fighters across the Syria-Iraq border, with the jihadist pipeline now operating in reverse. Arab intelligence sources tell me the Syrian opposition is laudably battling al-Qaida's influence: The opposition killed an al-Qaida fighter named Walid Boustani, who tried to declare an "emirate" in a town near the Lebanese border; they also demolished a cell that raised al-Qaida's black flag near Bab al-Salameh, along the Turkish border. Sunni opposition fighters aren't necessarily al-Qaida writes for the Washington Post Writers Group.
<|endofexample|>
Oregon 18
about six miles east of Otis now has one lane of travel open through the Van Duzer Corridor in Lincoln County, from milepost 6.5 to 21. Flaggers will control traffic in alternating directions as commercial logging crews continue to remove downed trees. Motorists should plan on 10-20 minute delays until the highway is fully reopened. The state expects to open to two lanes around 4:30 p.m.
Oregon 22 about 3 miles east of Salem.
Oregon 36 -- the Mapleton‑Junction City Highway -- is closed at milepost 23, near Triangle Lake in Lane County due to a landslide. Crews are now prohibiting any vehicles from entering, including local traffic between Mapleton on the east and Triangle Lake on the west. Only the section of OR 36 between Triangle Lake and the intersection with OR 99 is open.
Oregon 38 between Reedsport and Scottsburg.
Oregon 126 W – the
Florence-Eugene Highway -- closed at Cushman, approximately three miles east of
Florence.
Oregon 138E Partially closed about one mile east of Susan Creek campgrounds.
Oregon 180 at the intersection of the Corvallis - Newport Highway.
Oregon 213 closed one mile north of Marquam in Clackamas County.
Oregon 214 at the intersection with the North Santiam Highway.
Oregon 226 -- the Albany-Lyons Highway -- about 13 miles east of Albany. The highway is also partially blocked by a landslide about two miles south of the intersection with OR 22.
Oregon 229 nine miles south of the intersection of U.S. 101.
Oregon 241 Coos River Highway closed from Donovan's Drive east.
Oregon 255 -- The Carpenterville Highway.
Oregon 281 Hood River Highway closed between milepost 10 and milepost 14 because of downed trees and powerlines.
U.S. 20 Corvallis-Newport Highway restricted to one lane of travel 17 miles east of Newport.
The on-ramp to northbound I-5 at the Millersburg interchange at milepost 235 is closed.
Check back often, as we will be updating with information throughout the day. You can also go to TripCheck.com
--The Oregonian
<|endofexample|>
O'Reilly Tags
We're experimenting with a folksonomy based on tag data provided by del.icio.us. Follow development in this blog post.
Japan Primer for the Mac Techno-Tourist (9 tags)
Many of us believe that Japan is the land of geek nirvana. If you're contemplating a visit to the gadget promise land, you'll enjoy Todd Ogasawara's report on everything from cell phone coverage to buying Mac accessories.
<|endofexample|>
HomeCareersSearchContactGiveFor Our PhysiciansFor MediaFor Team Members
Saturday, May 18, 2013.
EM Didactic Curriculum
Curriculum Objectives
<|endofexample|>
Original Penguin Sale
What’s better than finding the perfect fit? Finding it on sale. Shop Original Penguin’s Sale selection of men, women and kids clothing, plus shoes and accessories.
Finding a great shirt or the perfect jeans is one of life’s finer little pleasures. Like finding cheese doodles under the couch cushion, only without repercussions to your health. Or, better still: finding money in your pocket. Original Penguin knows how nice that feels. That’s why we’re putting money back in your pocket with our sale section. Browse a large selection of items for men, women and kids, not to mention accessories, all at reduced prices, offering you spectacular savings and keeping more cheddar for your pocket. Hey, you can use it to spring for fresh cheese-flavored snacks!
Stay connected
<|endofexample|>
Is of an irregular figure, averaging about twelve miles in length, and nine in breadth; bounded on the north by Freebridge-Lynn and Launditch; on the east by Mitford and Wayland; on the south by Grimshoe; and on the west by Clackclose. It has near its centre the neat market-town of Swaffham, on a fertile eminence, encompassed by an extensive belt of heath; indeed, the whole Hundred abounds in sheep-walks, and has generally a light sandy soul[sic], except on its eastern side, where it has a rich loam, and its highly cultivated fields are watered by a fine rivulet flowing southward to the Wissey, or Stoke river, which skirts it on the south, as the navigable Nar does on the north-west. It has its name from the green hills, or tumuli, on the heath between Cockley-Cley and North Pickenham, where the Hundred Court was held until the early part of the last century.
Its Petty Sessions are held every Saturday, at the Shirehall, in Swaffham; and Mr. Robert Sewell is clerk to the magistrates.
It forms, with Grimshoe Hundred, the Deanery of Cranwich, and contains 24 parishes, of which the following is an enumeration, shewing their population in 1841, the annual value of their lands and buildings, as assessed to the County Rate, in 1843, and their territorial extent, in assessable acres.
+===================================================+ | | | Annl. | | | PARISHES. | Pop. | Value. | Acres.| | | | £. | | +---------------------------------------------------+ | Bodney 98 1232 2538 | | Bradenham (East) 368 2870 2388 | | Bradenham West 364 2682 1703 | | Caldecote 48 252 662 | | Cockley-Cley 244 1140 4160 | | Cressingham (Gt) 476 2272 2391 | | Cressingham (Ltl) 244 1766 1504 | | Didlington 77 612 1322 | | Foulden 500 2818 3354 | | Gooderstone 500 2490 2743 | | Hilborough 337 1664 2807 | | Holm-Hale 488 3876 2547 | | Houghton-on-the-Hill 41 800 600 | | Langford 57 472 1248 | | Narborough 360 3664 3512 | | Narford 113 1350 1872 | | Necton 991 5430 3316 | | Newton 93 1290 1005 | | Oxborough 316 2150 2317 | | Pickenham North 269 1730 1516 | | Pickenham South 170 1546 1751 | | Southacre 100 2130 2312 | | Sporle-with- } | | Palgrave } 773 5364 4153 | | Swaffham * 3358 12,704 6200 | +---------------------------------------------------+ | Total + 10,385 62,304 57,921 | +===================================================+
[There is more information about individual parishes]
+ Its population, in 1831, was 10,237 souls. Its annual value, as assessed to the property tax, was £55,144, in 1815, and £69,330 in 1842. Its Agricultural Association is notced[sic] with Swaffham.
* Swaffham return included 89 persons in the Union Workhouse, and 60 in the House of Correction. SHINGHAM parish is partly in this, but mostly in Clackclose Hundred. (See page 622. [this is in Clackclose Hundred description])
SWAFFHAM UNION comprises all the 24 parishes of South Greenhoe Hundred; the parishes of Beechamwell and Shingham, in Clackclose Hundred; those of Ashill, Saham-Toney, and Threxton, in Wayland Hundred; and those of Buckenham Tofts, Ickburgh, Colveston, and Stanford, in Grimshoe Hundred.
The 33 parishes of this Union comprise an area of 26 square miles, and in 1841 had a population of 13,084 souls, of whom 6459 were males, and 6625 females. Their average annual expenditure on the poor, during the three years ending March 1835, was £12,089; for the succeeding three years, £8724; and for the three years ending March, 1841, £8089. Their expenditure for the quarter ending June, 1844, was £2008.
The Union Workhouse, at Swaffham, was built in 1836, at the cost of £5425, and has room for 400 paupers; but the average daily number of inmates, in summer, is only about 100. They are clothed and fed at the average weekly cost of 2s. 10d. per week per head. Robert Sewell, Esq., is Union Clerk and Superintendent Registrar; Mr. James Philo is Registrar of Marriages; Messrs. Geo. Whittby and Wm. Holt are Registrars of Births and Deaths; and Mr. Reuben Harwood is governer of the Workhouse.
South Greenhoe Hundred is mostly in Castle-Acre Police Division, and partly in those of Stoke-Ferry, Dereham, and Hockham.
Some placenames in the transcription (of pages 371 to 372) above
are given below together with their standard spelling :-
Bradenham (East)/East Bradenham, Bradenham West/West Bradenham, Cressingham (Gt)/Great Cressingham, Cressingham (Ltl)/Little Cressingham, Holm-Hale/Holme Hale, Newton/Newton by Castle Acre, Pickenham North/North Pickenham, Pickenham South/South Pickenham, Southacre/Acre South
For more information see :-
April 2006
<|endofexample|>
There’s lots of great blogging about Hamdan around the blogosphere. I was particularly impressed by the interesting thoughts at Opinio Juris and Balkinization.
More Hamdan
This entry was posted in Uncategorized. Bookmark the permalink.
There’s lots of great blogging about Hamdan around the blogosphere. I was particularly impressed by the interesting thoughts at Opinio Juris and Balkinization.
My main concern about Hamdan seems to be unlike anyone else’s, so maybe Professor Kerr would be kind enough to tell me whether I’m the one who’s crazy, or everyone else is crazy.
If, as five Justices contended yesterday in Hamdan, 28 USC 2241(e) does not apply to pending cases, then why in the world would Congress have written an EXCEPTION to 28 USC 2241(e) that explicitly does apply to cases that are “pending on or after the date of the enactment”? It makes absolutely no sense to me.
In other words, how can an exception to a rule apply to pending cases, if the rule itself does not apply to pending cases?
Easy: the “exception” you identify isn’t, by its own terms, an exception to 2241(e).
DTA sec. 1005(h)(2) says this: Paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e) [i.e., DTA sec. 1005(e)] shall apply with respect to any claim whose review is governed by one of such paragraphs and that is pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.
However, 28 USC 2241(e) was enacted by DTA sec. 1005(e)(1), not (2) or (3). Thus, as the Court states quite clearly (slip op. 9-10), “The Act is silent about whether paragraph (1) of subsection (e) ‘shall apply’ to claims pending on the date of enactment.”
Mark, 28 USC 2241(e) says:”EXCEPT as provided in section 1005 of the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider … habeas corpus … or … any other action….”
Standing alone, 28 USC 2241(e) clearly applies to both pending and future cases. As Justice Scalia pointed out in dissent:
“the Court … cannot cite a single case in the history of Anglo-American law (before today) in which a jurisdiction-stripping provision was denied immediate effect in pending cases, absent an explicit statutory reservation.”
Anyway, 28 USC 2241(e) instructs us to look at 1005 of the DTA in order to find exceptions to the denial of jurisdiction. And, we find at 1005(h)(2) that the exceptions apply “with respect to any claim … that is pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.”
If the rule in the US Code does not apply to pending cases, then how could an exception to that rule apply to pending cases? It cannot, and thus 1005(h)(2) buttresses the meaning that 28 USC 2241(e) would have had standing alone, IMHO.
I might add that here are additional reasons for believing the Court had no jurisdiction in this case. The Court’s rationale would require that 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) are the ONLY provisions of the DTA that apply to pending cases. There is nothing in the DTA that would distinguish 1005(e)(1) from, say, 1005(e)(4)(f) in this regard.
P.S. Any chance Orin could delete the 4th and 5th comments in this thread?
Andrew:
There is no section (e)(4)(f) in 1005. There is a section 1005(f), but I’m not sure the relevance of that — it is not one of the three parallel jurisdiction-stripping provisions that are at the heart of 1005(e).
As to the broader question: the argument goes like this. I say that the courts don’t have jurisdiction over A, B and C. I then go on to say that, regarding B and C, this act applies to all cases pending on or after the date of enactment. If the act means what you say it means (that the first part is sufficient to withdraw all jurisdiction over cases pending on or after the date of enactment), the second part becomes superfluous, because the act would already say that in the first section. Generally, statutes shouldn’t be construed in a way that makes language superfluous, because there should be a presumption that every word is meaningful.
Thus, the reading is that the enumeration of B and C presupposes something not enumerated — which, by inference, is A. Ergo, Congress did not intend A to be treated in the same way as B and C, because it explicitly failed to include it when it was listing the classes of cases to which it wished the act to apply on or after the date of enactment. The court’s reading preserves a distinction that does seem embedded in the lanugage of 1005(h).
At least, that’s how I understand the argument. I was initially hostile to the court’s reading, but on reflection, I begin to think they have the better side of this argument.
Marghlar, thanks for your comment. Of course, you’re correct that there is no section (e)(4)(f) in 1005 of the DTA. What I meant to say is “1005(e)(4) or (f).”
In a previous comment at this blog, you said, “I think Scalia had it right on the jurisdictional question, but the merits being reached, I agree with the majority.” But I don’t want to even think about the merits, because I continue to think the Court’s decision on the jurisdictional question was preposterous.
In your example, you designate 1005(e)(1), 1005(e)(2), and 1005(e)(3) as A, B, and C respectively. I’m with you so far, but no farther.
“A” is a jurisidiction-stripping provision. It completely strips jurisdiction from the courts regarding Guantanamo detainees. B and C, by contrast, are limited restorations of jurisdiction. “A” amends the US Code to strip all jurisdiction, but says that the exceptions are to be found in the DTA, and sure enough those exceptions are spelled out in B and C. I fail to see how there is anything “superfluous” about this interpretation. It’s the plain meaning. Even Justice Stevens acknowledged that “subsection (e)(1) strips jurisdiction while subsections (e)(2) and (e)(3) restore it.”
You contend that Congress did not intend A to be treated in the same way as B and C, because A explicitly failed to include language about pending cases as it did for B and C. However, as someone else noted at SCOTUSBlog, “While Senator Levin succeeded in getting express application language removed [from "A"], he did not get express nonapplication language inserted.” More to the point, “A” is a general cancellation of jurisdiction, while “B” and “C” are listed exceptions; when a list of exceptions is provided, that list should ordinarily be deemed exclusive, under the principle of exclusio unius. And note that if those exceptions weren’t listed at all, then it’s undisputed that “A” would have applied to pending cases.
My point about 1005(e)(4) and (f) is simply that it would be absurd to suppose that they apply only to future cases, and yet that’s exactly the kind of spin that the Court has put on 1005(e)(1)=A. This is merely one additional reason why I still find the Court’s opinion virtually incomprehensible.
As Mark noted above, the Court said: “The Act is silent about whether paragraph (1) of subsection (e) ’shall apply’ to claims pending on the date of enactment.” Yes, and the Act is also silent about whether it applies to “chauffeurs.”
P.S. The DTA says that 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) “apply with respect to any claim … that is pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.” Would anyone seriously contend that therefore 1005(e)(1) does NOT apply to claims pending on “OR AFTER” the date of enactment? Of course not. I want to be nice and polite to Justice Stevens, but IMHO this opinion is just lousy.
I tend to think that there are persuasive arguments on both sides of the jurisdictional argument regarding the DTA, as the posters here have outlined above. However, I find Scalia’s abstention argument particularly persuasive. Judicial restraint should have been employed.
However, that being said, the merits of this case are fascinating. One question that i have is whether the lack of presence of the accused under the UCMJ was actually joined by five Justices. Kennedy’s concurrence at page 16 talks solely about the evidentiary problems of the commissions and the last sentence of the first full paragraph on page 19 seems to sugest that he does not join the Court’s opinion regarding presence under the UCMJ. It seems fairly clear to me that this is the case, but did anyone else read the opinion in this fashion?
Also, Alito’s opinion regarding what is a “regularly constituted” court under Geneva seems to rebut easily the majority’s opinion on this issue. I don’t recall Clement arguing this point at oral arguments, nor do I recall it in the government’s brief.
Andrew:
I’d say that e(4) and (f) are clearly very different than is (e)(1) — they both qualify all other provisions of the act. By contrast, the act contains three central jurisdictional provisions.
First, it provides that, subject to enumerated exceptions, all jurisdiction is withdrawn.
Second, it says that the D.C. Cir. has exclusive jurisdiciton over one class of cases.
Third, it says that the D.C. Cir has exclusive jurisdiciton over a second class of cases.
It then goes on to say that provisions two or three apply to all cases pending on or after the date of enactment.
If you are right, and it was clear from the plain language of (1) that it applied to all cases pending on or after the date of enactment, it seems like it would be equally clear that the D.C. Cir had exclusive jurisdiction over all cases enumerated in exactly the same way. Yet Congress went ahead and defined the scope of time covered by two or three — apparently concluding that such a meaning was not unambiguous. If your reading is right, there is absolutely no reason for 1005(h) to exist at all, because that interpretation would obviously flow from (e)(2) and (3).
As to what Senator Levin may have wanted, I think that it is inapppropriate for courts to consider legislative history, or any other non-textual indica of legislative intent, when interpreting statutes. So I don’t consider such data relevant to the task at hand.
I’d agree that your reading is within the scope of ambiguity of the act — I just am coming around to the point of view that Justice Stevens’s reading is the better interpretation of the same ambiguity.
Marghlar, you make two related points:
A] Congress expressly applied 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) to pending cases because Congress believed 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) might not otherwise apply to pending cases.
B] Because Congress believed that 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) might not apply to pending cases, Congress must have also believed that 1005(e)(1) might not apply to pending cases.
For the sake of argument only, I will concede your point [A].
Regarding your point [B], there are very compelling textual reasons why Congress would believe that 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) might not apply to pending cases, without believing that 1005(e)(1) might not apply to pending cases. First and foremost, 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) comprise a list of exceptions to 1005(e)(1), and therefore the rule of expressio unius implies that there is no additional exception for pending cases. Congress had no similar reason to suppose that 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) would not have an exception for pending cases.
But there is an issue of semantics here that your certainty seems to belie — what does it mean to say that something is an exception? I’m not sure that a definition of the effect over time/cases of a rule is necessarily an exception to that rule. One can quite logically say that A, which strips all jurisdiction, is defined over a particular class of cases; it is also subject to exceptions B and C, each defined over a different class of cases which partially overlaps with the cases in A. To the extent that A would require otherwise, B and C act as exceptions to it. However, B and C function independly of A, and only act as exceptions to it when they conflict.
Hence, I’m not sure that expressio unius has the force you suppose here.
Marghlar, 28 USC 2241(e) says: “EXCEPT as provided in section 1005 of the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider … habeas corpus … or … any other action….”
Do you deny that the exceptions referred to in that quote are expressly listed 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3)? Why wouldn’t expressio unius therefore apply so as to rule out any other exceptions? I don’t see any semantics at work here at all.
Because I’m not sure that a definition of the breadth of a stripping provision is an exception to that provision.
If A states a general rule, and B and C are carveouts from that rule, that doesn’t mean that A doesn’t have a defined scope.
Marghlar, 28 USC 2241(e) announces that it has exceptions: “EXCEPT as provided in section 1005 of the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider … habeas corpus … or … any other action….”
You’re actually denying that the exceptions referred to in that quote are expressly listed at 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3)? My mind is now officially boggled.
Why is this so difficult to understand?
A has a defined scope, which includes a set of cases, A.
B & C are enumerated exceptions to that scope.
I don’t see why the defined scope of A is necessarily an “exception” to itself. Indeed, such a reading seems a bit odd. Section A either does or doesn’t apply to currently pending cases, but either way, stating what cases it does not by definition apply to is not stating an exception, it is defining a scope, I think.
As a matter of set theory, we’d say that the total scope of the jurisdictional void created by the statute is the set A, minus the disjoint of the sets B and C (as defined). The exceptions for B and C need not control the content of the original set A, which is what the court was attempting to define, looking to the statute as a whole.
The sticking point seems to be that you believe the court was reading in an exception to the statute. They would say they were interpreting the text of the statute, in the context of all of its provisions.
Marghlar, as I pointed out at 3:58 AM, it is “undisputed” that 1005(e)(1) standing alone would have cancelled jurisdiction not only for future cases but also for pending cases. In other words, if there had been no 1005(e)(2) and 1005(e)(3) then the meaning of the statute would have been to completely cancel jurisdiction for both future and currently pending cases. No justice on the Supreme Court suggested otherwise. Are you suggesting otherwise?
I’m not sure that is right. I think that the provision in 1005(h), which obviously would not exist but for the listed exceptions, provided support for the court’s reading. However, I do think that the court’s reading is within the scope of ambiguity of the act. To say that no court shall have jurisdiction of a class of cases, begs several questions. Is an appeal a case? And does shall carry a temporal implication of future effect (in can have that connotation — “I shall go to the store,” for instance, would commonly be thought of as a statement of future intent/effect.
Now, I’d say that your construction would be equally plausible, if 1005(e)(1) stood by itself. (At that point, I think it is within the court’s discretion to decide either way, although I’d advise them to tread softly for prudential reasons). However, once 1005(h) enters the mix, it looks less balanced to me. Now, we have ambiguous language in the original statute, coupled with a structural reason to think that a construction other than “all cases pending on or after enactment” is to be preferred. At that point, I think Stevens’ position starts to read as a fairer construction than Scalia’s.
Furthermore, Justice Stevens notes this ambiguity in his opinion (so I take issue with your assertion that no SCOTUS justice took a similar view): “The Act is silent about whether paragraph (1) of subsection (e) “shall apply” to claims pending on the date of enactment.” (Slip. Op. at 9-10). Furthermore, he holds that the “plain language” argument of Justice Scalia necessarily depends on the Bruner presumption, which he holds is inapplicable to statutes that totally withdraw jurisdiciton (rather than merely transfering it).
Thus, I do think the plurality (and perhaps also Justice Kennedy, although I don’t have time to look right now) believe that the text of 1005(e)(1) is permissive of their reading. I don’t think anyone was trying to do something that would have been textually excluded by the DTA.
Marghlar, you’re correct that the Court said that the “Act is silent about whether paragraph (1) of subsection (e) ‘shall apply’ to claims pending on the date of enactment.” Indeed, there was no explicit statement in the DTA that (e)(1) “shall apply” to pending claims. Likewise, there was no explicit statement in the DTA that the Act applies to “former chauffeurs.” That does not preclude a plain meaning that does apply to former chauffeurs, or a plain meaning that does apply (e)(1) to pending claims..
As Justice Scalia correctly observed, the Court “cannot cite a single case in the history of Anglo-American law (before today) in which a jurisdiction-stripping provision was denied immediate effect in pending cases, absent an explicit statutory reservation. By contrast, the cases granting such immediate effect are legion….” No court (including the Hamdan Court) has ever construed free-standing language like that in (e)(1) as not applying to pending cases.
From all this, it is clear that the meaning of (e)(1) standing alone would have been to cancel jurisdiction in pending cases as well as future cases.
The Court inferred an unwritten exception to (e)(1) from the language of the rest of the DTA, despite the fact that the DTA explicitly lists the precise exceptions that were intended. Oddly, neither the Court nor the dissent mentioned the blatant disregard of the expressio unius maxim.
I know it’s not fashionable to delve into the legislative history, but for what it’s worth, Congress considered a version of the DTA that explicitly would have barred consideration of Hamdan’s case, and that version was not passed. That makes Mr. Hyman’s reading of the statute unreasonable. Carl Levin, a sponsor of the DTA, has repeatedly said so, and only the manufactured Congressional Record “exchange” between Kyl and Graham suggests otherwise (see the footnote in the majority opinion).
Andrew (and marghlar)–
Let’s ask a simple question. Why does paragraph (h) exist at all?
The existence of paragraph (h) suggests that there was some reason to conclude that (e)(2) and (e)(3) did not apply to pending cases.
A kind of schematic drawing of Marghlar’s logic might look like this:.
Actually, the court didn’t hold anything about (e)(2) or (3), which weren’t at issue — but it’s reasoning suggests strongly that the reason we know which cases they apply to is because 1005(h) explicitly tells us so. Hence, by themselves, all three would likely be equally ambiguous over whether jurisdiciton was stripped from only newly filed cases, or over all cases, including.
Is it so unambiguous? I’m not sure. First, note that the Supreme Court isn’t considering an “application for a writ of habeas corpus” — a lower court did that. Rather, they are hearing an appeal from a denial of such an application. There is a space of ambiguity there — is an appeal from an application, also an application?
Furthermore, note that the word “shall” often connotes a future temporal aspect (which has historically been the subject of a presumption against retroactivity in statutes). Thus, the language does seem permissive of a reading that because courts shall not have jurisdiction, that means that they cannot gain jurisdiciton over new cases — but in cases where jurisdiction was already proper, they may continue. (The alternative usage: “no court has jurisdiciton” would connote more clearly the meaning you read in the act.)
Note that (e)(2) and (e)(3) use entirely parallel language — “the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit shall have exclusive jurisdiction….” — and nevertheless, Congress clearly felt these provisions left some ambiguity about the scope of the jurisdicitonal cut-off/grant, because it included an explicit jurisdicitonal provision in subsection (h).
And Justice Scalia’s reliance on precedent is somewhat besides the point — each statute must be construed on its own merits. I find it odd that an avowed formalist would champion a doctrine that creates presumptions about what stautory language means. I agree with what Justice Scalia said about statutory construction in A Matter of Interpretation: courts should construe acts neither strictly nor loosely, but fairly, to mean what they in fact say. The court looks at the act as a whole, and finds that the canon of expressio unius in fact compels the conclusion that Congress both felt that the jurisdictional grants/denials were ambiguous, and that they did not wish to treat 1005(e)(1) identically with 1005(e)(2) or (3).
Thus, as I’ve repeatedly said, I don’t think the court was creating an “exception” to 1005(e)(1) — I think they were determining its proper temporal scope. Hence, I don’t think the expressio unius canon applies. But you are free to disagree, of course.
Marghlar, you say that a lower court (rather than SCOTUS) is the one that “heard” or “considered” the application for the writ of habeas corpus. Even if I were to concede that you’re correct about that, it makes absolutely no difference, because in that case (e)(1) would deprive the lower court of jurisdiction, and the SCOTUS should have said so.
Moreover, if the Supreme Court has in the past authoritatively stated what a term or phrase means, and then Congress subsequently uses that phrase or term in a subsequent statute, it is absurd to suppose that the Court’s meaning should not be impputed to Congress. I really think it’s unrealistic to say otherwise. Provisions such as 1005(e)(1) have been construed by the Court for ages as being applicable to pending cases. I very much doubt that even the judges in the Hamdan majority would dispute that 1005(e)(1) standing alone would have applied to pending cases. Certianly Senator Levin would not dispute that, and he was the most adamant and influential congressional opponent of the administration regarding Hamdan. Levin has stated that the reason 1005(e)(1) does not apply to pending cases is not because of its own language, but rather because there was an exception elsewhere in the DTA. Levin has.”
As I’ve repeatedly said, it was highly improper for the Court (and for Levin) to infer an unwritten exception to 1005(e)(1) despite the fact that the DTA expressly listed the desired exceptions. Why this expressio unius argument did not appear in the justices’ opinions is something that I’m still trying to figure out.
As a non-lawyer, I have read the above exchange with much interest, please forgive any lack of legal expertise in the questions asked. Does the argument come down to whether positive inference or negative inference is applicable when ‘express’ language is not provided on a specific issue ?
Would it not be just as valid to claim, knowing the political manipulation of floor statements by both parties, that had they wanted a pending cases exception to 1005(e)(1), they would have used specific language to do so ?
I find the argument that an earlier version, that had express language on pending cases, was defeated to be somewhat persuasive, but, it still leaves me to wonder why, if that was so important, the six words ‘will not apply to pending cases’ does not appear in 1005(e)(1) of the version that passed ?
Doesn’t using negative inference, in this case, lend itself to the impression of legislating from the bench by adding words to legislation does not exist, whereas positive inference relies strictly on the language present ?
Would it not be wiser to send the act back to Congress for clarification to correct that which is unclear ? Is there any process that would allow that avenue of action ?
Please let’s not forget the cannons of statutory construction that statutes must be read as a whole and each word must have meaning. This makes the whole if e(1) were by itself argument largely irrelevant. The second you add other sections they have to be construed together. The whole argument that negative inferences cannot be drawn from statutes is also bunk. There is a long line of precedent supporting this.
There are two fundamental tensions at play here: 1)Scalia’s insistence that a judicial presumption for retroactivity is superior than the negative inference; and 2)whether the language of e(1) trumps the negative inference.
These are both tough questions. As to 1, Scalia is probably not the best person to rely on for giving an accurate reading of the Lindh’s majority opinion considering that he dissented and would like to see the case marginalized. Moreover, Scalia arguing that a judicial presumption trumps a reading of the plain language of a statute is a little specious given his judicial philosophy. As to 2, I think Stevens (legitimately) relied on the drafting history and floor debate to break the tie between e(1) and negative inference. Of course if you don’t like LH, you would disagree.
KMAJ2, the premise of your question is that the DTA is unclear. Marghlar has made a similar argument. However, I continue to believe that an objective look at the Detainee Treatment Act shows that it is not unclear at all regarding application to pending cases.
28 USC 2241(e) says categorically: “Except as provided in section 1005 of the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider … habeas corpus … or … any other action….”
Marghlar argued that this is ambiguous, but I very much disagree. Putting aside any exceptions in section 1005 of the DTA, the quoted sentence plainly should have applied in Hamdan. Why use the word “justice” if Congress did not contemplate a future Supreme Court hearing? I don’t think the quoted sentence is susceptible to application of any presumption of non-retroactivity. The only way to get around the quoted sentence is by way of exceptions in section 1005 of the DTA, and the only express exceptions in section 1005 of the DTA are (e)(2) and (e)(3).
Skeptic, of course statutes must be read as a whole and each word must have meaning. This doesn’t make the whole “if e(1) were by itself” argument irrelevant. The question is whether the Court has applied a non-retroactivity exception to (e)(1), and the only way to determine that is to consider what (e)(1) would mean without any exceptions.
Also, contrary to what you said, Scalia did not argue that a judicial presumption trumps a reading of the plain language of a statute. The plain language of (e)(1) is that it applies to pending cases. (e)(1) does not say that “no judge shall have jurisdiction to begin hearing or considering … habeas corpus … or … any other action.” It says that “no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider … habeas corpus … or … any other action ….” The plain language is that it applies to pending cases. Scalia merely pointed out that a long line of cases support that plain reading.
Bryan, you’re correct that Congress considered a version of the DTA that explicitly would have barred consideration of Hamdan’s case, and that version was not passed. In other words, Senator Levin did succeed in getting express language removed barring Hamdan’s case, but Levin did not get express language inserted allowing Hamdan’s case to go forward. Also, you’re incorrect that the exchange between Kyl and Graham was the only indication in the record that Congress meant to bar Hamdan’s case from going forward — see notes 3 and 4 in Scalia’s opinion.
Some Guy, you say that the existence of paragraph (h) suggests that there was some reason to conclude that (e)(2) and (e)(3) did not apply to pending cases. That’s true. In contrast, there was no reason to conclude that (e)(1) did not apply to pending cases, for at least three reasons: first, (e)(1)’s plain language indicates that pending cases are included; second, the courts’ precedents regarding provisions like (e)(1) say that pending cases are included; and third, the exceptions to which (e)(1) refers are expressly listed elsewhere in the DTA without mentioning any exception for pending cases.
Thank you for your reply, Andrew, I apologize if it appeared I was agreeing on ambiguity. My experience in debate/argumentation, while not legally oriented, was the reason behind the statement about the defeated version being ‘somewhat persuasive’. It is also why I wondered why the inverse was not equally persuasive, the lack of ‘express’ language excluding pending cases. I agree with you that the language of the DTA is not ambiguous, it is about as straight forward, no hedge words, as language in any act can be.
The line of argumentation of the majority seem to be along the post hoc ergo proptor hoc or modus ponens style, in other words, because Congress defeated one version, the passed version must mean this, which is a logical fallacy, because of the lack of express language, thus that reasoning does not necessarily hold true. That was the basis for my question of why negative inference should have held more weight than positive inference, due to the lack of express language exemping pending cases, when it could have easily been inserted if it was that strong of a point.
If you think that Congress is always paying careful attention to SCOTUS precedent when drafting statutes, you have far more confidence in their abilities than I do. I certainly think the background tradition of interpretation deserves to be looked to in determing meaning, but I can’t agree that it should always be dispositive, especially when their are countervailing signals of intent running counter to the precedent.
I have very little interest in what Levin said or thought — his unenacted understanding and intention have no place in the construction of a statute, because it wasn’t his intent that became law, it was the wording of the statute that he helped to shape. Furthermore, I think Stevens’ opinion was clear on the point that he didn’t think that 1005(e)(1) clearly spoke to the question presented, nor did he believe that the Bruner line of precedent should properly be extended to statutes that totally cut-off all jurisdiction, as opposed to transfering the locus of jurisdiction.
Why use the word “justice” if Congress did not contemplate a future Supreme Court hearing?
Because the SCOTUS can hear habeas applications directly, in some cases. See 28 U.S.C. 2241(a), 2242. Thus, the hear both “applications,” and appeals from applications. Ergo, the use of the word “Justice” is not dispositive on the question.
Marghlar, you say: “Stevens’ opinion was clear on the point that he didn’t think that 1005(e)(1) clearly spoke to the question presented.” Yes, Stevens was clear, but he was wrong.
Indulge me by taking another look at the Detainee Treatment Act:
“[N]o….”
Look at those last five words. Thus, section (e)(1) of the DTA manifestly, unambiguously, incontrovertibly applied to preenactment conduct. How can it possibly be denied?
“Where the statute in question unambiguously applies to preenactment conduct, there is no conflict between the anti-retroactivity presumption and the principle that a court should apply the law in effect at the time of decision.”
—Landgraf v. USI Film Products (headnote), 511 US 244 (1994).
Well, a person who is currently in military custody may well continue to be in custody in the future, right? Furthermore, even if they were released the moment the act was passed, they still could try and bring an action against the U.S. for damages, which would be barred by 1005(e) if it applied only prospectively.
Furthermore, the act’s language only takes effect upon its becoming law — which is when 1005(h) would make all provisions take effect. So that section would be totally consistent with a forward-looking denial jurisdiction.
I think your argument fails to the degree it depends on those five words.
Marghlar, you apparently would like to apply the anti-retroactivity presumption to 1005(e)(1) of the DTA, as Justice Stevens may have done, even though that presumption has never before been applied to a jurisdiction-stripping provision. Right?
So, fine, let’s apply the presumption, despite SCOTUS precedent to the contrary. How can the presumption be overcome? According to the headnote in Landgraf, “Where the statute in question unambiguously applies to preenactment conduct, there is no conflict between the anti-retroactivity presumption and the principle that a court should apply the law in effect at the time of decision.”
So then the question becomes whether or not 1005(e)(1) applies to preenactment conduct, right?
Obviously, 1005(e)(1) applies to pre-enectment conduct. It denies federal court jurisidiction over detainees “in military custody” at the moment of enactment. Right? Does that not obviously refer to detainees who are being prosecuted for conduct that occurred prior to enactment?
First, I’m not a big fan of the presumption against retroactivity, or any presumption, when it is used to thwart apparent intent. But leave that to one side.
Take the following scenario.
A is in military custody at Time 1.
DTA is enacted at Time 2.
A files a petition for habeas corpus at Time 3. Obviously barred, even though he was in custody at the moment of enactment, right?
The majority is saying that the act does apply to persons in military custody at the time of enactment, when they file petitions subsequent to the Act. But if Detainee A had filed at time 1.5, the court would say that his suit is not covered by the DTA, because such a construction of 1005(e)(1) would make Section (h) an irrelevancy, which is not a favored way to construe a statute.
Which part of section (h)?
Section (h)(2).
Marghlar, I’m aware that the Court would say all that about (h)(2), because that’s basically what the Court did in fact say, and it’s still preposterous.
The Court’s theory is based on the notion that Congress had just as much reason to fear that (e)(1) wouldn’t be applied to pending cases as to fear that (e)(2) and (e)(3) wouldn’t be applied to pending cases. But that notion is false. Congress had no reason at all to fear that (e)(1) wouldn’t be applied to pending cases.
The exceptions to which (e)(1) expressly refers are expressly listed elsewhere in the DTA, and that listing does not include any exception for currently pending cases. Therefore expressio unius applies, and rules out any exception for currently pending cases.
You’re correct that that shouldn’t end the inquiry, because we also have to look at the temporal scope of (e)(1) itself to see if it might exclude currently pending cases. It doesn’t. The sort of language used in (e)(1) has ALWAYS been construed by the courts as applying to currently pending cases, absent a presumption of non-retroactivity. Such a presumption would be overcome in the present context, because (e)(1) explicitly applies to preenactment conduct (i.e. to aliens “currently in military custody”). Without a presumption of non-retroactivity, neither the Court nor anyone else has ever cited a single case where the words “shall have jurisdiction” were deemed to mean “shall gain jurisdiction over a new case,” as you have suggested.
In sum, Congress had every reason to expect that (e)(1) would be applied to pending cases, just like jurisdiction-stripping provisions have traditionally been applied to pending cases. As Justice Scalia put it, the Court “cannot cite a single case in the history of Anglo-American law (before today) in which a jurisdiction-stripping provision was denied immediate effect in pending cases, absent an explicit statutory reservation. By contrast, the cases granting such immediate effect are legion….”
Now contrast the jurisdiction-allocating paragraphs (e)(2) and (e)(3). No principle of expressio unius prevents exceptions to those two paragraphs from being implied or inferred, and that fact should have caused Congress concern that an exception for currently pending cases might be judicially implied or inferred. Indeed, as the Court mentioned at footnote 5 of its opinion in Hamdan, “The fact that courts often apply newly enacted jurisdiction-allocating statutes to pending cases merely evidences certain limited circumstances failing to meet the conditions for our generally applicable presumption against retroactivity….” (quotinga previous opinion). This fact too should have caused Congress concern that an exception for currently pending cases might be implied or inferred, due to a presumption against retroactivity. After all, neither (e)(2) nor (e)(3) explicitly applies to preenactment conduct, unlike (e)(1).
I think this is a slam-dunk against jurisdiction in this case. And let’s use some common sense here. Both (e)(2) and (e)(3) are exceptions to the rule of (e)(1). Who ever heard of a rule that does not apply in certain cases, but that has exceptions applicable in those very same cases. That would be VERY weird.
Don’t buy it. I don’t think it is an issue of extra-textual exceptions (which would be equally unauthorized in the case of e2 or e3).
Here’s the problem. The key language of e1, e2 and e3 is entirely parallel. The language is that the courts either “Shall not have jurisdiciton” or “shall have exclusive jurisdiction.” If this language is clear, it is equally clear in both cases. And if it is clear in e2 and e3, there was no reason for h2 to ever exist.
Congress clearly didn’t feel that it was clear, or there would have been no need to define a scope. Scalia says otherwise, but an analysis of the actual language and structure of the act makes his position unconvincing. The act as a whole evinces a clear understanding that the language, “shall have/not have jurisdiction,” is not considered clear in its scope. Scalia only reads differently by depending on presumptions established through case law which may be distinguishable, and regardless, the text and structure of the act are more important than the manner in which the court has previously interpreted other acts, with different texts and structures.
Finally, I’d note that the two sections granting exclusive jurisdiction in certain cases to the D.C. Cir. are not titled as exceptions. All that e1 says is “except as provided in 1005″; that need not mean that other sections of 1005 can’t have independent jurisdictional force. To me, the structure of the act seems to be quite clear: e1 completely denies jurisdiction in one class of cases. e2 and e3 create exclusive jurisdiction for the D.C. Cir. over a second, partially overlapping class of cases. To the extent that these principles conflict, e1 provides that e2 and e3 take precedence. That is perfectly consistent with the language and structure of the act, I think.
Marghlar, I agree that the word “shall” has the same basic meaning in each and every one of the forty (40) times it is used in the DTA. However, the basic meaning of that word does not determine whether it is being used in connection with pending cases as opposed to future cases (or in connection withany cases at all). Instead, we must look to the context in which the word “shall” is used. And, it’s not sufficient to merely look at the two or three words following the word “shall” in order to ascertain whether pending cases or future cases (or both or neither) are being discussed.
The context of the word “shall” in e1 is very different from the context of the word “shall” in e2. Just to mention one of many differences, the word shall is immediately preceded by the words “no court, justice, or judge” in e1, whereas the word “shall” is immediately preceded by the words “the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit” in e2. Those prefatory words don’t determine whether pending cases (as opposed to future cases) are being discussed, nor do the two or three words following the word “shall” make that determination. The broader textual context must be considered.
For example, you have overlooked a plain textual distinction: neither e2 nor e3 explicitly applies to preenactment conduct, whereas e1 does explicitly apply to preenactment conduct. Therefore e2 and e3 would be much more susceptible to the Court’s longstanding presumption against retroactivity. Hence h2.
Additionally, you have overlooked another plain textual fact: e2 and e3 list exceptions to which e1 refers, and not vice versa. This is not a symmetrical situation, and therefore the text has non-symmetrical consequences. A list of express exceptions casts doubt upon — if not rules out — the existence of implied exceptions, per the expressio unius maxim. Therefore, h2 would be especially useful to rule out unwanted exceptions to e2 and e3, rather than e1.
Incidentally, implied exceptions are not necessarily “extra-textual,” as you suggested. But in any event, Congress had reason to fear unwanted exceptions to e2 and e3 that are implied, inferred, or otherwise conjured up. There are solid textual reasons to believe that Congress did not have those same reasons with respect to e1.
Andrew, at this point you are just repeating yourself, and making points I have already said I do not find persuasive.
I see nothing in the text of e1 as compared with e2 or e3 that suggests that it should be treated differently regarding pending v. future cases (see above).
LIkewise, I have told you why I don’t buy your expressio unius argument. Thus, your restating it and saying it again isn’t likely to convince me, absent something new.
I didn’t say that “implied exceptions” were extra-textual — I said I don’t like extra-textual exceptions, to the degree you were suggesting any. But I would note that the text of 1005e1 is part of the text of 1005, and hence, any “implied exceptions” (although I disagree that a determination of the scope of e1 constitutes an exception to it) would be within the texual reference of e1.
Thanks for a fun chat. This has really helped me refine my understanding of Hamdan and the DTA. I may still disagree with you (and you are welcome to raise new arguments that might change my mind), but I think the exchange has been very profitable.
Marghlar, sure, it’s been an interesting discussion. Happy July 4, by the way.
Unfortunately, you haven’t said one word as to why you find no significance in the fact that neither paragraphs e2 nor e3 explicitly applies to preenactment conduct, whereas e1 does explicitly apply to preenactment conduct. That’s a critical factor (according to the Court’s jurisprudence) in determining whether those paragraphs could or should be applied to pending cases (i.e. whether a presumption of non-retroactivity could or should be applied to those paragraphs).
If one concedes that no presumption of non-retroactivity should be applied to e1, then the only way that e1 could be limited to future cases only would be by conjuring up some inferred or unwritten exception to e1, and that is clearly barred by expressio unius, since e1 already refers to a list of exceptions that is provided by e2 and e3.
I really fail to see why you insist that a presumption of non-applicability to pending cases should be applied to e1. Without h2, such a presumption might well have been applied to e2 and e3, but not to e1 (e1 expressly applies to pre-enactment conduct). And, without h2, an exception for pending cases might well have been applied to e2 and e3, but not to e1 (e1 rules out exceptions beyond those expressly listed in e2 and e3).
I.e., the Court wanted jurisdiction, so it took it.
I see no express application to pre-enactment conduct — the provisions regard jurisdiction, not conduct. The examples you’ve adduced as a regulation of pre-enactment “conduct,” do not appear to prove that such a point is made.
I said as much several times above.
All the rest of your argument seems to flow from a premise that the sections are distinguishable based on their conduct. I still see no relevant distinction within the language.
Furthermore, please note that I have no desire to see any presumption of anything applied as a means of interpreting e1. Rather, I want the text interpreted for its plain meaning, in context of the surrounding language and structure of the act. I think the majority’s holding can stand fairly on this ground, and you haven’t convinced me otherwise.
If you want to change my mind, you’ll have to find either some affirmative indica of retroactive intent in e1 (what you’ve done so far is not persuasive), a relevant difference in the texts of e1 and e2-e3, or some explanation of h2 that makes logical sense while still according with your position. So far, you haven’t done so.
Marghlar, on Monday (yesterday) at 8:40 PM, I directed your attention to subparagraph (e)(2)(A) of 28 USC 2241, which says that the denial of jurisdiction applies to detainees “currently in military custody.” In other words, the denial of jurisdiction in 1005(e)(1) applies to preenactment conduct. Apparently, you’re denying that it does.
Nonetheless, 28 USC 2241(e)(2)(A) is manifest evidence of retroactive intent, it is also a manifestly relevant difference in the texts of e1 and e2-e3, and it therefore manifestly explains why h2 would apply to e2-e3 but not e1.
As I said, even if 28 USC 2241(e)(2)(A) did not exist, still the DTA contains no express exception for retroactive application, and an implied exception is ruled out by expressio unius for e1 but not for e2-e3.
I grant you that the DTA does not explicitly say, “Tony, David, Ruth, John, and Stephen, this Act requires you to refuse to hear or consider the Hamdan case until there’s been a final judgment from a military tribunal.” However, what the DTA does say is equivalent.
Here is additional proof (though none is really needed)….
Suppose that a military commission had rendered a final decision prior to the date of enactment of the DTA. Would e3 give jurisdiction to the DC Circuit to review that final decision? e3 suggests that the answer is “yes”:
“the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine the validity of any final decision rendered pursuant to Military Commission Order No. 1, dated August 31, 2005…”
However, h2 says that the answer is actually “no’:
“[e3] shall apply with respect to any claim whose review is governed by [such paragraph] and that is pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.”
If the miltary commission reached its decision and adjourned prior to enactment of the DTA, then h2 say that e3 is inapplicable instead of applicable. So, h2 is not superfluous, and could not be superfluous regardless of how e1 is construed.
Andrew, I don’t read the military custody language to refer to pre-enactment conduct, as I’ve already explained. Since that language only took effect upon enactment, it is perfectly consistent for an act that takes effect at enactment to refer to conduct currently existing at the time of enactment (and thereafter).
As to your other point, I’d posit that it is likely that the “cases pending” language includes within the meaning of “pending,” “awaiting review on appeal.” It is an ambiguity, to be sure, but I think that your reading is less plausible.
Marghlar, the DTA was signed by the President and went into effect on December 30, 2005 thereby immediately amending 28 USC 2241 by adding a new section (e) which said that it applied to detainees “currently in military custody.” You’re apparently asking me to believe that new section (e) applied not to the conduct which landed those detainees in custody, but only to conduct which the detainees engage in after being detained. That is an extremely farfetched interpretation, and it’s rebutted by the language of section (e) itself, which bars jurisdiction over “ANY other action against the United States or its agents relating to ANY aspect of the detention by the Department of Defense of an alien at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.” Surely, an action for wrongful imprisonment would be barred by section (e), and such an action plainly would involve preenactment conduct.
Regarding the scenario I outlined in which a military commission has imposed sentence on a detainee prior to enactment of the DTA, you’re apparently suggesting that e3 and h2 give exclusive jurisdiction to the DC Circuit to review that final decision, even though h2 says that the DC Circuit doesn’t have exclusive jurisdiction over claims unless those claims were “pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.” You seem to be saying that every claim governed by e3 is “pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.” That’s not plausible.
Surely, an action for wrongful imprisonment would be barred by section (e), and such an action plainly would involve preenactment conduct.
But that is an irrelevant point. The question isn’t whether any conduct that occurred pre-enactment might give rise to a suit, it’s when the courts have jurisdiciton to hear that suit. You need to find language that suggests, not just that some facts that occurred before enactment might be the subject of a suit, but rather, that Congress wanted to strip the courts of jurisdiciton of claims already pending, not just to strip courts of any new jurisdiction that would arise after the act was passed.
And no, I’m not saying that every possible claim is pending on or after the date of enactment. I’m saying that claims that are still undergoing an appeal are still pending. Obviously, claims that have been the subject of a fully-appealed judgment, and affirmed, are no longer pending.
Marghlar, regarding the scenario where a military commission rendered a final decision prior to the date of enactment of the DTA, let’s also suppose that executive branch review of that decision was completed before enactment, in accordance with Military Commission Order No. 1. In that scenario, h2 modifies e3 by cancelling exclusive jurisdiction for the DC Circuit. There’s no reason why Congress should have been just as concerned about including e1 in h2. e1 should be construed on its own merits, and its language is clear.
As you know, e1 also expressly covers at least some claims that involve preenactment conduct of detainees “currently in military custody.” This difference between e1 and e2-e3 is not irrelevant. If Congress enacted h2 partly in order to remove doubt about whether any preenactment conduct could be covered by e3, then Congress had no reason to use h2 in order to remove such doubts about e1.
There is nothing in the language of e1 that suggests an exception for cases pending at enactment, and h2 does not suggest one. On the contrary, e1 says to look elsewhere in the DTA for exceptions to e1, and those express exceptions elsewhere in the DTA do not include any exception for pending cases.
e1 says that “no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider … habeas corpus … or … any other action….” This is broad language, and it ought to be construed on its own merits, because h2 is perfectly understandable without using it to narrow the meaning of e1. If the Court had done so, it would have arrived at a different conclusion.
Now you are just repeating yourself. I wasn’t persuaded by this line of argument before, and this is not changing anything. If you want to understand why I don’t agree, read my previous posts, which have certainly elaborated the points ad nauseum.
Marghlar, you previously posited that it’s likely that the “cases pending” in language in h2 includes within the meaning of “pending,” “awaiting review on appeal.” Therefore, I began my previous comment by saying, “let’s also suppose that executive branch review of that decision was completed.” That’s hardly repeating myself.
Anyway, I’m glad to drop this subject now. I don’t find your defense of the Hamdan decision persuausive, and I find the Court’s treatment of the jurisdiction issue outlandish. The Court disregarded the plain meaning of e1, by reaching out to another provision (h2) that didn’t even mention e1, and the Court proceeded to puff up that other provision (h2) into an exception to e1. In so doing, the Court overturned a 50-year-old precedent (Bruner) that had instructed Congress how to strip jurisdiction. I believe the Court also disregarded the maxim of expressio unius, disregarded the effect of h2 on cases no longer pending at enactment, and disregarded the language in e1 that applies e1 to preenactment conduct. But there’s no point in going on ad nauseum.
<|endofexample|>
.
On Sunday, we unveiled the bottom 15 spots — as chosen by a panel of nine leaders from the business, nonprofit and political sectors. Today we have the top 10.
10. Lars Houmann, Florida Hospital CEO (Last year: 14th) As medicine and health care gain steam in Central Florida, so does the clout of those leading the sector. Houmann, 55, is the first health-care exec to crack the top 10, not only because he runs an expansive hospital chain, but because he gets involved in other community issues, from transportation to helping the uninsured. And now, as chairman of the Florida Chamber of Commerce, Houmann's reach is statewide.
9. Andy Gardiner,incoming Senate president (Last year: seventh). One panelist summed up Gardiner, 43, as "the only Central Florida big shot left in Tallahassee." He's poised to run the state Senate in 2014 and generally steers clear of the nonsense that ensnares less-savvy legislators. Still, locals will be watching carefully to see how he handles the power — and for him to share a more detailed vision of his goals.
8. Clarence Otis, Darden Restaurants CEO (Last year: 10th). Otis, 56, not only runs Orange County's only Fortune 500 company, but also one of the region's more philanthropic corporations. This past year saw bumps for Darden, including a ham-fisted trial at denying employees health care, which the company quickly abandoned. Still, as one panelist noted, even Otis' mistakes make national news and provide valuable lessons for other CEOs.
7. John Hitt, University of Central Florida president (Last year: third). Hitt, 70, dropped out of the top five this year but is still a commanding presence, having built UCF into America's second-largest university. He's respected and visionary. Right now, Hitt's top challenges are keeping college affordable and dealing with a Legislature prone to cutting education.
6. Harris Rosen, hotelier (Last year: 23rd). Many tourism execs keep their cards close to their vests. Not this self-made titan. Rosen, 73, calls 'em like he sees 'em and isn't afraid to throw his weight around. He stays ahead of tourism trends, has several charitable causes, and his Shingle Creek resort is one of the gems of I-Drive. Rosen is also one of the few to talk openly about the possibility of local casinos. Said one panelist: "Being a homegrown magnate has big value."
5. John Morgan, attorney (Last year: 16th). That's right. Mr. "For the People." Not only does he run one of the nation's largest personal-injury firms, he's politically connected at all levels. He's hosted President Barack Obama at his home. He has former Gov. Charlie Crist on his payroll. And he funnels campaign money to key GOP legislators as well. Throw in his philanthropy and expansive business endeavors, such as WonderWorks and Washington's National Museum of Crime & Punishment, and Morgan is impossible to ignore. (Seriously, just try finding a radio station without him.)
4. Alex Martins, Orlando Magic president (Last year: fifth). The Magic may be struggling for relevance in the NBA, but Martins' clout comes largely from what he does away from the court. The 48-year-old has served on boards for everything from a children's hospital to the local visitors bureau. Said one panelist: "Clearly his ambitions span beyond basketball."
3. Meg Crofton, Walt Disney World president (Last year: sixth). Meet the most powerful nonelected official on this list. Disney will always be Orlando's big cheese. But Crofton, 59, has beefed up company's profile on both philanthropy and politicking. The latter can be tricky — and messy, as evidenced by headlines over Disney's big campaign checks to legislators and secret text messages to county commissioners. But Crofton remains the region's top voice in business.
2. Teresa Jacobs, Orange County mayor (Last year: second). Here's what you need to know about Jacobs. She just finished her toughest year — with all kinds of controversy at the county — and yet was still in the running for the top spot on this list. Jacobs, 54, is smart, dogged and careful with the public's money. She stumbled this year as the county made more headlines for text messages and debates over equal rights than for Jacobs' vision. But she still controls the biggest government game in town — and keeps the other power players on their toes.
1. Buddy Dyer, Orlando mayor. (Last year: first) This is the fifth straight year that Dyer has topped the list. Why? Because what Buddy wants, Buddy gets. A new arts center. SunRail. You name it. And he often does it with relative ease. That's partly because he has an acquiescent council, but also because Dyer, 54, doesn't let himself get derailed. When the county dealt with a domestic-partnership registry, it was a drawn-out mess. When Buddy wanted one, he simply declared equal rights the right thing to do — and got it done. The Democratic Dyer also enjoys support from many Republicans, particularly in the business community. The question now: Does Dyer seek higher office?
The rest of the list (revealed Sunday):
11. Sandy Shugart, Valencia College president
12. Belvin Perry Jr., chief circuit judge
13. Bill Sublette, Orange County School Board chairman
<|endofexample|>
How you can Give
Regular giving- You can make a regular donation, by setting up a regular payment order.Click here to access the form.
Payroll giving-this is a simple way for you to give to Ormerod from your pay and get tax relief on your gift
Donations One off donations for individual projects are warmly welcomed. Ormerod relies on voluntary donations to provide the extras in life that people take for granted and to assist in the development of new facilities
Legacy and in memorium donations. You can bequeth a donation to Ormerod in your will. A gift in your will to a registered charity is always free from inheritance tax and may considerably reduce any tax you have to pay.We are pleased to accept gifts in lieu of flowers and in memory of loved ones
Everyclick.com-You can use everyclick as your search engine, which donates money to Ormerod every time you use it to search the web. Just enter Ormerod as the charity you want to support, and you’ll be helping us every time you use everyclick.(Logo)
Buy.at-If you shop on the internet through buy.at, they will donate a portion of what you spend to Ormerod. It only takes a moment to register and choose Ormerod from the list of charities. Once you’ve done that, you’ll be supporting Ormerod every time you shop at Buy.at (Logo)
Fundraising events-you can attend our many fundraising events, hold your own event or join our fundraising committee.
Most importantly, you can help by supporting the full inclusion of people with learning disabilities in the community
<|endofexample|>
At the regular meeting of the Synod of Bishops of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR) from 18 to 20 April 2007 in New York, a report of Protopriest John Shaw of the Diocese of Chicago and Mid-America on the rite of the Divine Liturgy of the Holy Apostle Mark was examined.
The Synod of Bishops deemed it beneficial to publish this rite, and gave their blessing for it to be celebrated in the churches of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia.
source:
<|endofexample|>
Translated by Fr. Contos and edited by Fr. Kezios, this text contains all of the services celebrated during Holy Week The Greek text is a careful reconstruction (not scanned copy) of the authorized version, free of elision or back-referencing. The English text is a fresh translation, avoiding the often tortuous Greek syntax. This version is remarkable both for its fidelity to the meaning of the original and for its compelling clarity.
<|endofexample|>
Stereophile
April 2011
Reviewed by Art Dudley
"...... can."
In 2011 we decided to give our SPU fans around the world an opportunity to get a collection of the four most famous SPUs, each of them being a very special collector's item..
These 4 cartridges are made exactly as the original models, and are as genuine as the original production units. All materials and techniques have been preserved during the manufacturing.
The SPU is the only Ortofon stereo cartridge that has survived since 1959 and from all over the world gained a reputation second to none for an outstanding analogue sound reproduction. The original SPU model, engineered by Mr. Robert Gudmandsen in 1959, introduced low coil impedance concept. As a basis for reproducing superb high frequencies, this concept has been improved and refined in the decades since. In the early sixties Ortofon was the moving coil manufacturer with the SPU range comprising three models: E (elliptical stylus), G (standard SME-fit G-shell) and T (with or without step-up transformer).
Over time the SPU in a G housing prevailed and gradually became the popular SPU Classic. Equipped with Nude spherical stylus the SPU Classic has sound that is both rich and silky. With its linearity and full body, this cartridge has remained a favorite throughout the years, both for modern and vintage high-end applications. This cartridge is a perfect solution for the playback of both early and modern and contemporary stereo recordings. The Ortofon SPU Classic simply refuses to die.. These improvements made it possible to reduce the tracking force and obtain a more linear frequency response.. For the exclusive surface treatment, the 6000 years old Japanese Urushi lacquer method was chosen in order to achieve a hard, resistant and beautiful multilayer surface in dark maroon colour. four SPUs were limited editions in their days (except for SPU Classic).
SPU Classic
SPU Gold Reference
SPU 85
SPU 90th Anniversary
Cantilever
Aluminium
Gold plated Alu
Aluminium
Aluminium
Stylus
Nude Spherical
Replicant 100
Nude elliptical
Armaturewire
Copper
99,99999% Copper
Gold + Copper
Copper + Silver
Magnet
Alnico
Alnico
Neodymium
Neodymium
Housing
Aluminum-Magnesium alloy
Hida Beech + Urushi
Wood powder + Phenolic resin
For the SPU Collector Boxes with these 400 special products we now offer a repair service. To support our customers, who have accidentally damaged their cartridges, Ortofon provides a Special Repair Service for the issues not covered by warranty.
If you should have need for this service, you can also contact your local Ortofon Partner..
.
<|endofexample|>
Category: Professional
Alias: swe.poly@gmail.com
Address:
Advisor: Karen Rose
Mission Statement:
The Society of Women Engineers (SWE) is a not-for-profit educational and service organization that empowers women to succeed and advance in the field of engineering, and to be recognized for their life-changed contributions as engineers and leaders. Founded in 1950, SWE is the driving force that establishes engineering as a highly desirable career for women through an exciting array of training and development programs, networking opportunities, scholarships, outreach and advocacy activities.
<|endofexample|>
OSA will provide on-site access to the entire CEE Trust archive via its digital repository
Twenty five years of relentless human rights activism in over fifty linear meters of documentation
CEU librarians offer a presentation at OSA on academic research tools
An exhibition aiming at engaging the CEU community in a discussion about the future of its library
Some of the most important releases made in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan in the last five years.
A public lecture delivered by Balázs Bodó, Institute for Information Law, University of Amsterdam.
<|endofexample|>
For some years the national office of the FOR has discussed having regional offices across the United States, to help local branches do their work. Now, with national FOR under new leadership, the organization will try this idea out. Minnesota FOR member Maryrose Dolezal, after working on a contract basis for national for the past year, has now become a staff member and will continue her work on organizing peacemaker trainings out of this local office. Actually, the "office" is two desks at the Friends for a Non-Violent World office at 1050 Selby Ave, St. Paul. The second desk is for a new intern, a young person from Houston who will be arriving imminently.
We can give Maryrose much credit for making this regional office a reality. Her work on having local peacemaker trainings in the Midwest has given national FOR new outreach. And an emphasis on peacemaking is needed right now more than ever.
Contents
Please consider serving as an at-large member on the board of the Minnesota FOR. We meet monthly except in December. In January we hold a longer-than-usual planning meeting. Our discussions are always stimulating, our work is serious but also fun, and by serving we continue the work of promoting and teaching nonviolence in a world facing more violence than ever. Time commitment is one evening a month plus voluntary work outside the meetings.
The Minnesota FOR cannot function without the help of its members. We need you!
Contents
We have received a new membership list from National that lists 1,911 FOR
members in the state of Minnesota! The board will send every one of these
members an invitation to our November annual meeting, and see what happens!
From Member Raquel (and Frank) Wood: Even though I never turn up at FOR events, I am here! We do read the North Country Peace Builder! Thank you, thank you, for your work editing. It's an important way to help people feel in touch. The FOR has been a presence in my life--all 70 years! Gratefully, Raquel, and Frank too.
In addition to the new <> website, we will soon be developing a moderated e-mail list for the purpose of letting FOR members know about events we are sponsoring or co-sponsoring that come up between newsletters, and about other Fellowship news. Please send an e-mail with FOR in the subject line to Katrina@cloudnet.com if you are interested in subscribing to the list when it is set up.
This newsletter will still be carried at website <> thanks to the kindness of Brother Richard Oliver OSB, who offered us this place on his site long before we could think of having our own site.
DON'T FORGET TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING!
November 3, 2002. Everyone is welcome.
Contents
Dear Friends:
This newsletter is being produced while the drums of war are beating loudly from Washington and throughout the media. This administration will have its war, if we the people do not rise up and say we will not allow it, and state this strongly while there is still time. We must not stay on the sidelines hoping it will not happen, as many of us did before the Gulf War. These pages are devoted to Iraq and action plans. May we all do whatever we can to avert this tragedy for the Iraqi people, for the Middle East, and for ourselves.
FOR
Among Peace Groups Promoting Pledge of Civil Disobedience
Pax Christi USA, American Friends Service Committee, Education for Peace in Iraq Center, Episcopal Peace Fellowship, FOR, Lutheran Peace Fellowship, National Network to End the War Against Iraq, and Voices in the Wilderness are promoting the Pledge of Resistance <> included as an insert in the hardcopy newsletter. They ask people to sign the pledge, send it to a sponsoring organization to be delivered to the Administration, and be prepared to follow through if the U.S. goes to war against Iraq.
Contents
The National Network to End the War Against Iraq also has suggestions for actions.
* Call or send faxes opposing the war every Tuesday until the election.
* Meet with elected leaders, following up with letters and updates.
* Be at all electioneering events and raise the issue.
* Ask your congressperson to sign on to a Dear Colleague letter opposing the war (this is being organized)
* Use the Peace Pledge and Pledge of Resistance to show opposition. Collect signatures on the pledges.
* Speak at local faith communities; encourage church leaders to meet with Congress members; encourage these communities to have letter-writing events.
* Rebut the Administration's propaganda through letters to the editor, press releases.
* Ask the local paper for a regular column for the peace perspective.
* Hold regular vigils, protests, demonstrations at congressional offices.
* Prepare for possible civil disobedience
Contents
So begins a 5-page call to action by a group that met at a statewide anti-war conference in Brainerd in July. Members of the group are the Alternatives to War Committee, St. Cloud; the Brainerd Area Coalition for Peace; Nukewatch; the Anti-War Committee, Minneapolis; Headwaters Green Party, Bemidji; and Vets for Peace, Chapters 27 and 80. They are promoting a statewide effort to oppose the Administration's war on terrorism and show commitment to use of nonviolent means to seek justice and proceed toward peace.
Their campaign consists of four parts: a day of independent group actions for peace, on Saturday Oct. 26; a coordinated call-in day to U.S. congress people on Monday Oct. 28; promotion of petitions for peace; and a statewide press release, containing the names of all groups that register their intent to participate by October 11.
Here are sample actions the group suggests:
* Distribute handbills door to door with pro-peace, anti-war messages and information.
* Hold a demonstration in front of a congressperson's local office.
* Hold a community forum to discuss the Patriot Act and other measures that imperil civil rights and liberties.
* Invite community to share in a day of creating peaceful alternatives to the War on Terrorism.
* Create a global flag, with the back containing information about the proposed war on Iraq and why it should not happen; include contact information for elected people. Distribute the flags to the public.
* Create a signature ad opposing a war against Iraq and the War on Terrorism. Place the ad on Oct. 26 in a prominent local newspaper. (Look at for suggestions.)
The coordinating committee asks that groups make a commitment to make a pledged number of calls on the October 28 call-in day. We encourage Minnesota FOR members to observe this day and make calls to their representatives and to both senators.
Sen. Paul Wellstone 651-645-0323 or 1-800-642-6041;
Washington office 202-224-5641, fax 202-224-8438
Sen. Mark Dayton 612-727-5220, or 1-888-224-9043;
Washington office 202-224-3244, fax 202-228-2186
District 1, Gil Gutknecht, 507-252-9841; Washington office 202-225-2472
District 2, Mark Kennedy, 763-684-1600; Washington office 202-225-2331
District 3, Jim Ramstad, 952-738-8200; Washington office 202-225-2871
District 4, Betty McCollum, 651-224-9191; Washington office 202-225-6631
District 5, Martin Olav Sabo, 612-664-8000; Washington office 202-225-4755
District 6, Bill Luther, 651-730-4949; Washington office 202-225-2271
District 7, Colin Peterson, 218-847-5056; Washington office 202-225-2165
District 8, James Oberstar, 218-727-7474; Washington office 202-225-6211
Contents
From an editorial in The Nation, September 2, 2002
 said that such an attack 'would not be consistent with what we have been as a nation or what we should be as a nation.' ...
"Armey (and Levin) are just two of a number of important political actors ... who have recently expressed qualms about the proposed military invasion. These voices need to be amplified and reinforced by others if the United States is to avoid a potentially disastrous intervention in the Middle East. ... The concerns among the country's elite deserve widespread public attention. "
The Nation then compressed these concerns into nine questions, with the caveat that others might want to raise much more fundamental questions. These questions are, very briefly:
1. Why make war when the existing strategy of "containment" (sanctions, no-fly zones, technology restraints) seems to be succeeding in containing Iraq?
2. Why is there so little international support for invasion, and what are the consequences if the U.S. acts alone?
3. Is the U.S. prepared to accept significant losses of American lives?
4. Is the U.S. prepared to inflict heavy losses on Iraq's civilian population?
5. Might Saddam just go ahead and use any chemical and biological weapons he might have, if Iraq is invaded?
6. Are we prepared to cope with outbreaks of anti-American violence throughout the Muslim world?
7. Can our economy, and those of other countries, withstand a big rise in oil prices, a bulging federal deficit, and other negative economic effects of a major war?
8. Who will govern Iraq afterwards? Will we leave the country in chaos, or impose a government?
9. If the latter, are we willing to deploy thousands of American soldiers for many years to defend such a government and prevent the breakup of the country?
These are ideas for questions we must ask our elected leaders during this election season, and demand answers to from the White House.
Contents
John Braun (612-522-1861) and Mary Eoloff (651-698-1493) have available lawn signs which read "SAY NO TO WAR AGAINST IRAQ. CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVE." The signs cost $10.
Wednesdays, 5-6 pm: Peace Vigil, Lake Street/ Marshall Ave. Peace Bridge; meet on St. Paul side at 5 pm; parking at Living Word Church at Otis and Marshall
Thursday Oct. 17, 7-9 pm: "Civil Liberties in the Aftermath of 9/11," Peter Brown, member of National Lawyers Guild; Henn. Ave. United Methodist Church, 511 Groveland Ave., Minneapolis; free
Monday, Oct. 28: Call-in day for urging no war in Iraq
Sunday, Nov. 3, 2-5:30 pm: Minnesota FOR's annual meeting, First Universalist Unitarian Church, 3400 Dupont Ave. So., Minneapolis; light supper provided
Tuesday, Nov.12, 6:30-10 pm: "Nuclear Roulette in an Age of Terrorism," Arjun Makhijani, expert in nuclear issues and author of "From Global Capitalism to Justice," Minnesota Alliance of Peacemaker's Annual Celebration, Henn. Ave. United Methodist Church, 511 Groveland Ave., Mpls.; 6:30 refreshments, 7 pm Gay Men's Chorus, jazz musician Larry McDonough, 7:30 speaker; $5 at door
Saturday, Nov. 9, 10 am-noon: "Women in Prison and a Culture of Violence," panel discussion led by Lois Herman, International Human Rights Consultant, Van Cleve Community Center, 90515th Ave. SE, Minneapolis; "Coffee With" program of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, Minnesota Metro Branch
Contents
* * * * * * * * * *
North Country Peace Builder
Produced quarterly (September, December, March, and June) by the Executive Committee of the Minnesota Fellowship of Reconciliation.
Send article, letters, and comments to
Leslie Reindl, editor
1233 Ingerson Road
St. Paul, MN 55112
<alteravista@earthlink.net>
Or use the online form to send comments or contributions.
* * * * * * * * * *
MN FOR Website
National FOR | North
Country Peacebuilder
Minnesota Peacemaker Project
Benedictines' Website | Justice and Peace Links
© 2002 by MN FOR |
<|endofexample|>
Monday, September 3, 2012
Apply now for International Business/Marketing studies
Apply here For more Information check here
Sunday, June 24, 2012
Admitted students for Academic year 2012/2013
- For Hamk - University of Applied Sciences click here
- For Jamk- University of Applied Sciences click here
- For Mikkeli- University Of Applied Sciences click here
- For Haaga Helia- University Of Applied Sciences click here
- For Vaasa- University Of Applied Sciences click here
DEAR TANZANIAN
2. When to make Application.
3. Required Documents.
4. Application Procedure.
5. About Entrance Examination.
6. Contents of Entrance Examination
I need your comments and query to make this site more informative.
Wednesday, April 4, 2012
Blog nominations
Tuesday, January 10, 2012
Online Application for For Academic year 2012
Sunday, October 16, 2011
Hamk University of Applied Sciences
Degree Programmes conducted in English
- Automation Engineering
- Business Management& Entrepreneurship (Master's Degree)
- Construction Engineering
- Industrial Management
- International Business
- Mechanical Engineering &Production Technology
- Supply Chain Management & Logistics
Friday, October 7, 2011
Applicant's Guide 2012
Monday, March 21, 2011
Invitation Letter for 2011
Important: In case of postal letter missing, please contact your admission office.
Sunday, January 9, 2011
DEAR TANZANIAN
2. When to make Application.
3. Required Documents.
4. Application Procedure.
5. About Entrance Examination.
6. Contents of Entrance Examination
I need your comments and query to make this site more informative.
Saturday, January 1, 2011
Applicant's checklist
1.Apply online 3 January - 15 February 2011.
2.Send the required copies of non-Finnish educational certificates and language certificates by 25 February at 4.15 p.m Finnish time at the latest to the admission office of your first option.
3.Entrance examination invitations and decisions on eligibility are posted by mail in March.
4.Entrance examinations are arranged between 4 April and 6 May 2011. The invitations will include all the details about time, location, and special arrangements. Please note, that some polytechnics/UAs do not arrange examinations anywhere else than in Finland.
5.If you are applying with an upper secondary education completed in Finland, please inform of the changes in your grade point average by 20 May 2011 at 4.15 p.m Finnish time at the latest.
6.Results are announced on 30 May 2011 at the earliest. Please remember that posting the results takes few days.
7.All higher education admission results are announced by 19 July 2011 at the latest.
8.Confirm your study place by returning the confirmation form by 2 August 2011 at 4.15 p.m Finnish time at the latest to the higher education institution you chose as your final study place. If you do not return the form in time, you will lose your study place.
9.If you have applied with an upper secondary education completed in Finland, please attach a copy of your educational certificate(s) to the confirmation form and return them by 2 August 2011 at 4.15 pm at the latest.
10.Please remember that your admission is conditional until your original relevant certificates are checked. The University of Applied Sciences/UAS may withdraw the admission, if the applicant has given false information or has given forged documents.
The application procedure varies depending on whether you plan to study at a University or at a University of Applied Sciences (UAS). To
study at a University of Applied Sciences i.e. a place where practical education is imparted i.e. more professional and work oriented, application can be sent directly to the University of Applied Sciences selected or through the joint application system. A joint application system is one where in a student can list up to a maximum of 4 programs of interest. T
o study at a University i.e. a place where scientific research and programs based on that are conducted, application to a Finnish university is to be sent directly to the University of interest. Also online joint application form can be filled if English is the language of preference for the degree program i.e the degree programme is conducted in English.
Application Timming: Autumn 2011, Bachelor Degree
Application period for programmes starting in Autumn 2011 starts on 3rd January and closes on 15 February 2011 at 4.15 p.m Finnish time. All required attachments have to be at the admissions office of the applicant's first choice polytechnic /UAS by 25 February 2011 at 4.15 p.m
Tuesday, December 7, 2010
Application Period for International Master's degree programmes
Dear international students,
This is to remind you that the application period for the Master’s degree programmes which are conducted in English started on 15 November 2010.
The application deadline is either on 17 January or 28 February 2011, depending on the programme.
The programmes are :
Biology of Physical Activity
Corporate Environmental Management
Development and International Cooperation
Educational Leadership
European Masters in Sport and Exercise Psychology (application deadline 10 January)
Entrepreneurship in Family Business
Intercultural Communication
Mobile Technology and Business
Nanoscience
Renewable Energy
Sport and Exercise Psychology
Sustainable Management of Inland Aquatic Resources
Links to the programme websites are available at .
Best regards
Elina Isännäinen (Ms)
kv. asiain opintosihteeri / Foreign Student Adviser
PL 35 / P.O.Box 35
FI-40014 Jyväskylän yliopisto / University of Jyväskylä
Finland
elina.isannainen@jyu.fi
p. / tel. +358 14 260 1079
Thursday, November 25, 2010
Masters level and Tuition fee
Bachelor and Doctoral Degree Programmes are totally tuition free. Tuition fees are charged only in Masters level study. Here you find the list where courses and University names as well as tuition fees. This year will be the first year of tuition fee in Finland, so they have one hidden trick. Even-though you will be admitted under the role of tuition fee but they will cover it by easy scholarship given to you (it is only my idea and experience, no official announcement, you may not be given Scholarship if you are out of luck).
My recommendation to Tanzanian students who want to study in Masters level in Finland, if you can manage scholarship then apply for masters level, otherwise try to take admission in Bachelor degree, come here, manage your job and migrate to masters program. And it would be easier then to get scholarship even by the recommendation of your teacher. Think my word twice while tuition fee might be 9000 euro per academic year and living cost 500 euro per month. ( But money for living depending on you because you can survive from 300-400 € per month) If you can bear your educational expenses from your family so you are warmly welcome in any time, any condition.
In the upper part of this post I have written only for good student, but for those who have average grade and exhausted like me, please don't care any thing, come anyhow, it is possible to survive and stay here in any condition, as long as you want and committed for the chance you apply for.
Study, Job, Scholarship Related Links
Study
Virtual Finland
Immigration site
Sunday, September 19, 2010
Important links
Here is some important links for you which can help you in many aspects:
1. Train service:
2. Bus service:
3.facebook user name kakaosima
Sunday, August 8, 2010
Flight and Ticket
AFTER YOU GOT YOU'RE PERMIT START TO PLAN YOU'RE FLY TO HELSINKI AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
Here is some thing you should know
1. Maximum weight of luggage is 23 KG for KLM pcs condition Two luggage 46kg
-Turkish air line maximum 40 kg but please check it out befor hand
2. Maximum weight of Hand bag is 10 KG
*No liquid/metal in hand bag
Routes are normally
DAR -ENTEBE-Istanbul-Helsinki (Turkish Air)
DAR-AMSTERDAM-Helsinki (KLM Air line)
Dar-Nairobi-Amsterdam-Helsinki (KLM Air line)
Price: It cost for one way 700 USD-1500USD. This price is for KLM and Turkish air line. Return ticket is cheaper but I think no one would buy that cause validity of an air ticket is 1 year and student do not go to home country within a year.
Sunday, January 31, 2010
Pre-reading material for International Business
Monday, January 18, 2010
2011 List of Universities where Tanzanian student can apply this year.
University of Helsinki (1640/1827)
Åbo Akademi University in Turku (1918)
University of Turku (1920)
University of Tampere (1925)
University of Jyväskylä (1866, promoted to university status in 1934)
University of Oulu (1958)
University of Vaasa (1968)
University of Lapland in Rovaniemi (1979)
Aalto University (1849/2010)
University of Eastern Finland in Joensuu and Kuopio (2010)
2. List of Universities of Applied Scinces
Arcada Polytechnic
Central Ostrobothnia University of Applied Sciences
Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
EVTEK University of Applied Sciences
HAAGA University of Applied Sciences
HAMK University of Applied Sciences
Helsinki Business Polytechnic (Helia University of Business University of Applied Sciences
Pirkanmaa , University of Applied Sciences
The Police College of Finland (Administered by the Ministry of the Interior)
Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences
Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences
South Carelia University of Applied Sciences
Swedish University of Applied Sciences
Sydväst University of Applied Sciences
Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Turku University of Applied Sciences
Vaasa University of Applied Sciences
Åland University of Applied Sciences (in the autonomous Åland region)
Please check out carefully before you make your on-line application, cause all Universities of applied sciences (UAS) can arrange entrace exams in Dar,Nairobi,Ghana or probably Finland or anywhere else as the condition may deem necessary.
In Finland, Entrance Exams are conducted in
Arcada, Central Ostrobothnia UAS, Jyväskylä UAS, Kymenlaakso UAS, Mikkeli UAS, Oulu UAS, Rovaniemi UAS, Saimaa UAS, Savonia UAS, Seinäjoki UAS, Tampere UAS, Turku UAS, Vaasa UAS which are Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS)
Pre-reading material for Nursing
2) Questions from Marieb E. Essentials of Human Anatomy and Physiology. 9th edition, pages 1 - 132.
For more information please contact the Degree Programme (paivi.rimpioja@metropolia.fi or +358 20 783 5623).
Pre reading materials for Social Services
Degree Programme in Social Services
ENTRANCE EXAM 2010
Exam literature consists of three articles and one report, which are typical examples of material used while studying in the Degree Programme in Social Services.
1) Juha Hämäläinen: Developing social pedagogy as an academic discipline (pages 133-153). In: Anders Gustavsson & Hans-Erik Hermansson & Juha Hämäläinen (eds.): Perspectives and Theory in Social Pedagogy. Daidalos, Göteborg 2004.
()
2) Articles in Infed-website (Exploring Informal Education, Lifelong Learning, and Social Action):
• Introducing Informal Education ()
• Animation ()
3) Huset Mandat Morgen: What lies ahead for the Nordic model? A discussion paper on the future of the Nordic welfare model in a global competition economy. Nordic Council of Ministers, Copenhagen 2007.
()
The written part of the entrance exam includes multiple choice and essay questions. The aim is to assess the capacity of the applicant to understand the contents of the exam material and to produce coherent, logical answers in English language. Therefore no specific questions e.g. on dates, figures or names of books or authors are posed unless they are clearly essential to the article or the report.
Monday, January 11, 2010
Job Oppurtinities in Finland
Finland is one of the most economically solvent countries in Europe. As the backbone of Nordic economy is always very strong but persistence, determination, and motivation are the key words when it comes to job searching. The Finnish labour market is highly competitive and looking for a job as a foreigner is challenging. Finland has suffered from a high unemployment rate since the economic crisis some years ago so it is not easy and not too hard to get job here in Finland. The most important tool when one needs a job here is to learn the Finnish language. Once someone has acquired a chance to come to this country, he/she must try hard to get to know the language. This is due to the fact that the official language here is Finnish. Learning Finnish is not easy, but also is not that much difficult though is somehow a challenging language in the beginning. It is somehow easy to get a job here if you can talk and understand the basics of the language. There are various ways as well as places where one can get to know the language. There are courses of Finnish language in schools and University, online learning method and through interaction with the Citizens. There are also some organizations which helps foreigners to learn the Finnish language. Having a residence permit (student visa) everyone is allowed to work a maximum for 25 hours/week. Although getting a job here is a bit challenging, but once you get one, the payment is 8-10 Euro per hour. As a student one can find a job in university research programmes, shops, paper delivering etc. Students are more likely to get suitable jobs with enough earnings during summer vacations as most of companies in Europe do employ summer workers during such period as most of their permanent workers go for summer holidays for three months. Summer jobs are easily applied through companies’ websites where they always announce for summer workers vacancies mainly during the months of December to March.
Saturday, December 19, 2009
Degree Programme in International Business 2010
Entrance examination includes
Structured motivation letter 10 p
Assignments on provided material 30 p
Mathematics and Logical Thinking 20 p
Interview 40 p
Total 100 p
If an applicant score is less than 30 points out of 100 points in the entrance exam, an applicant is not eligible for admission.
Entrance exams from the previous years are not available.
Entrance examination's pre-reading materials will be out later.
Monday, November 16, 2009
Applicant's Guide 2010
Hello,
JAMK University of Applied Science has published Applicant's Guide 2010. Here you can find all information about admission procedure for international student in Finland. Download that in Pdf.
Saturday, October 10, 2009
Friday, September 25, 2009
What is entrance exam? How much score I need?
"Entrance" this word is a popular word in Finland. To entry in somewhere is entrance. So from the point of view of Tanzanian student Entrance exam is one kind of admission test only. In Finland there is no tuition fee, so they obviously want that they should give the chance to meritorious students, for that they start entrance exam. But Don't be anxious about that easy admission test. It is possible to get chance for study here in Finland if you get only 50 out of 100 marks in that entrance/admission test. So start to prepare yourself for that exam.
Thursday, September 24, 2009
Degree programmes starting in spring 2010
2. Entrance examinations are held between 21 and 30 October 2009
3. Polytechnics/UAS announce the results by 27 November 2009
4. Admitted students must confirm their study places by 11 December 2009 at 4.15 pm Finnish time at the latest.
Application results for degree programmes starting in spring 2010 will be sent by mail to the students by 27 November 2009 at the latest. In addition to the letter of admittance, the student will receive a confirmation form. It is imperative that the student submits the confirmation form to the higher education institution in which he/she wishes to study by 11 December 2009 at 4.15 pm Finnish time at the latest, otherwise the student will forfeit the study place.
Confirmation of the study place is binding and cannot be altered or cancelled.
If you have applied to several degree programmes, please wait until you have received all the admission results. Once you have received all the results, select your study place and return the confirmation form. A student forfeits his/her study place, if the confirmation form arrives at the higher education institution after the set date
Entrance Examinations Schedule Autumn 2010
Thursday, September 17, 2009
Syllabus of exam
Entrance Exam Letter
After Application
Monday, July 6, 2009
How to Apply -2
In previous sections, I told you about basic information of applying now I am resuming that. For official apply you have to log on . Remember you can do this by yourself. If you can do this, why go to others for help. In that website there is a form you have to fill it up. You can choose 4 courses at an application, it would be better to chose different courses from different universities. Most of the student wants to study in Helsinki the capital city of Finland or Tampere. If you choose university near Helsinki you have to do very well in entrance exam so decision upon you cause you are not only competing with Tanzanian students but also student of whole world
For example, I admitted in JAMK university of applied science. 1604 candidate stand for entrance exam and 120 of them got chance. minimum score was 37 out of 100 for the last student admitted. I got 63.
Now make an application and submit that properly you'll get a confirmation through your email address, Print out that and save that for future use.Now make a set of these papers
1.CSEE / equivalent exam's
2.ACSE/ FTC/Diploma Engineering/Other diploma in education or business/ equivalent exam's Certificates
3.Language skills Certificates, IELTS (minimum 6.0) or TOEFL score 550 pbt/79-80 ibt
4. PASSPORT
and send them to your first priority university address. You'll find address in your email also in their website. (7 day need to reach Finland). I am again reminding you all papers should be certified by any notary public. Be careful about your postal address cause they'll send you invitation card of entrance exam by post, and you know the bad condition of our postal system in TZ.
Now wait for Entrance exam invitation card. In next blog I'll write about entrance exam
Sunday, July 5, 2009
How To Apply -1
At First gather these documents:
1.CSEE / equivalent exam's
2.ACSE/ FTC/Diploma Engineering/ equivalent exam's Certificate
3. English Language skills tests results IELTS (Minimum 6.0) or TOEFL score 550 pbt/79-80 ibt
4. PASSPORT
Now make photocopy of them and certify these at any notary public (all copies must be certified). All documents should be in English form. If you have any Swahili language paper you have to translate that in English, from any government registered translating center . Now go to admissions.fi to make an online application
TO BE CONTINUED
Application Timing For 2011
Application period for programmes starting in September 2011 starts in Mid-January and closes in Mid-February 2011 at 4.15 pm Finnish time. All required attachments have to be at the admissions office of the applicant's first choice polytechnic /UAS by the set date in February or skills level 4 in English in the National Certificate of Language Proficiency. Please note, that Finnish means that the examination is completed in Finland. In addition upper secondary education or University degree in English completed in the United Kingdom, Ireland, the United States of America, Canada, Australia or New Zealand is also accepted as a demonstration of sufficient English language skills. Education in English completed in any other country will not be accepted. Proof of language skill must be sent to the admissions office by the set date in February 2011.
Please contact the admissions office of the polytechnic/UAS of your first choice in all matters relating to your application and to changes in your circumstances.
News Source:
Saturday, July 4, 2009
Required Documents for Tanzanian Students
In Tanzania educational system a candidate require CERTIFICATE OF SECONDARY EDUCATION EXAMINATION(CSEE.) and The Advanced Certificate off Secondary Education Examination (ACSEE), Full Technician Certificate (FTC)/Diploma in Eng, Education or Business or other relevant diploma certificates, and a Pass English Language certificate IELTS or TEOFL for applying study in Finland. So my suggestion at first collect these papers. IELTS or TOFEL became mandatory from the year 2009. IELTS is very popular and recognized world wide so my suggestion to complete IELTS instead of TOFEL.
<|endofexample|>
Currently Intel does not include its virtualization extensions on all models of its chips. Its not easy to tell if a given chip does or does not have the extensions just by the name. And this holds back many different things that could be done with virtualization on desktops ( winxp mode on windows 7). I imagine, they'll probably repeat that for the next generation of virtualization. Which means there won't be as much of a demand for hardware that is aware of virtualization, so it will be expensive and hard to find for a longer period of time than normal.
Yes, that is something that really sucks about Intel. They have a list of CPU features that they basically combine with itself in a cartesian product to create a product matrix, and then create individual CPUs for every square in that matrix. IOW, they are segmenting their CPU market into a thousand little niches for no good reason, other than they can.
Working with AMD CPUs is so much easier. Turion for mobile, Sempron for low-end/budget desktops, Athlon/Phenom for desktops, Opteron for servers. Other than the type/speed of RAM, size of L2/L3, and number or cores on the die ... they all have the same CPU features. Even the lowly Sempron supports 64-bit and hardware virtualisation.
Like Microsoft, Intel's chief competitor/enemoy is itself.
Edited 2010-02-19 00:14 UTC
Oh give me a break, Intel isn't pushing 32 bit processors anymore. Sure the low-end doesn't come with hardware virtualization support but you shouldn't be buying a single core celeron in the first place if you plan on running a VM.
You say AMD is easier to work with but I got seriously burned by that period where they kept changing socket interfaces. AMD also takes too long to play catch-up when it comes to power efficiency.
What are you talking about? Intel still makes cpus for LGA 775. Maybe you are unaware of when AMD burned everyone with their abrupt ditching of socket 939. It was only on the market for 2 years.
As for power efficiency, What does AMD have to counter the Arrandale lineup? They not only use a 32nm fab but also come with impressive features like Turbo Boost, hyperthreading and hd video support. I'd consider AMD for a desktop system but Intel still wins when it comes to laptops.
Intel has of late gotten into the habit of making a new socket for every chip it releases. AMD which has done a couple changes in the last few years is more stable on changing sockets.
So it's basically - Intel is burning everyone with socket switches, where AMD use to.
Also, per the power - Intel is pretty much only using their in-house developed Speed Step technology for power management. AMD, OTOH, is using Transmeta's LongRun technology instead. One of the big differences is how many points of power optimization are available. SpeedStep typically has 3 or 4, where LongRun has dozens. (Even if Intel upgraded SpeedStep with more than 3 or 4, it's still a drastic difference.)
Not a future lineup but right now.
Funny - since Arrandale is basically an updated version of the same architecture used by the Pentium:...
AMD answered the Pentium with the K8, and now the K10 - available in Athlon II and all Phenom processors on market.
It's also quite interesting how Intel has had to backpedal and redesign to what AMD did in K8 in order to keep up with performance.
Funny stuff.
Intel has Core series duals and quads w/o HW virtualization, and it is not unknown for motherboards to lack the feature, even when the chipsets have them.
Meanwhile, for AMD, if you avoid Semprons and LE-series Athlons, you're good.
Likewise, Intel sells many such Celerons, and many Atoms, as 32-bit only.
Edited 2010-02-21 06:31 UTC
Well, SPARC is an open spec, you can produce your own if you like. ;-)
But really, it is sad.
x86 and it's 64-bit variant are horrible inefficient things, 64-bit is a bit better I hear, but delivering cheap boxes, also for home use (large volume market), seems to be winning ?
I guess we still have ARM as the last large-volume competing architecture ?
The best comment I heard from a cpu engineer was that x86 is like sausage, it's great as long as you don't know what goes in to it.
Yes it is true that x64 fixed a lot of the shortcomings of x86 like the relative lack of registers and of course addressing space.
x86 is less efficient from an engineering point of view but Chipzilla has been able push efficiency gains through intensive R&D. It's kind of like how an advanced V8 can get better mileage than a standard v6.
RISC chips still have advantages, especially when it comes to custom cpus. This can be seen by the fact that MS went with a powerpc based cpu for the 360 instead of partnering with Intel. The early 360 dev kits were actually Mac G5s with Microsoft stickers.
Intel stopped making new CISC processors with the introduction of the Pentium Pro.
Modern Intel processors are RISC. They use a lot of transistors in their chips to translate the CISC instructions into something their chips can handle. Sure it's all one big chip, but the x86 ISA is created by essentionally hardware emulation.
If it was not for the requirement to keep compatibility with Microsoft's Operating System then x86 would of been dead a long time ago. There is no advantage to it in any way shape or form except for the advantages of being backwards compatible and people are familar with it.
Modern Intel processors are RISC.
No, modern x86 cpus are still CISC, yes they have a RISC-like core but it doesn't change the fact that they still come with a complex instruction set.
The Itanium however is clearly a RISC cpu and is advertised as such:
Edited 2010-02-23 02:42 UTC
It may be that developing a new CPU costs a lot of dough, but over what time period? And how long is it sold? Are costs growing faster than the revenue? Are current competitors leaving the market?
There are a lot of variables here and as long as IBM can sell chips for Xboxes and PS3s and Wiis there will be development, it just may be that the big iron ISAs are just a byproduct of that.
I for one am not convinced that special CPUs are going to way of the dodo. But I'd liked to be convinced ..
The one thing that IBM does that Intel and AMD dont'y do is that their chips are very heavily computer aided design. Their chips are modular and the components are easily put together to make various types of custom chips for IBM's customers.
That is probably a big reason why all the modern gaming systems use PowerPC in their design. IBM is able to crank out custom designs relatively quickly.
--------------------------
CPUs are fabulously expensive to create. Intel has 3-4 generations of CPU designs in their corporate pipeline at any given time.
As Intel releases their newest chip they are in the process of designing the manufacturing facilities for the next generation of chips. While they are designing the manufacture facilities they are also developing and testing the next-next generation designs out in their labs.
So that is why it seems like it takes so long for Intel or AMD to modify their chip designs when it turns out they were not competitive. Like the Pentium-4 and why it took so long for Intel to come out with a chip to put the hurt back on AMD...
It takes _years_ of work to get a new processor design out.
And what makes it worse is that as you create new and smaller processes you have to, basically, build all new production facilities. It's more cost-effective for Intel or AMD to build all-new manufacturing plant for new fab process then it is to try to retrofit or upgrade a older facility.
exactly, think of POWER7 as the deluxe version with all the bells and whistles. IBM still makes lower end POWER chips that pull down technology from the highest end models. Considering they charge a huge premium for them they're at least making back their money.
The real issue is that hardware is not a 20% growth business anymore, and you can't gamble against the future like companies used too.
I think we're seeing a trend toward more custom systems. Oracle bought SUN and one of the key reasons seems to be specifically for the hardware as Sparc is the most common Oracle platform. Apple is pushing their own spin of mobile chips and I think they'll be gradually moving to more and more "personal" devices rather than traditional systems, but they're going "fabless" farming manufacturing out to other companies. Nvidia and VIA have always been fabless. ARM and RISC long ago switched to an "IP" model of selling the designs and letting companies find their own manufacturing. Even AMD has separated Design and Fab businesses because the cost of cutting edge Fab facilities means they have to split so other companies feel comfortable sharing the manufacturing time at "AMD's" Fab.
Again, companies like IBM want to be in the manufacturing business for the control of technology, and as things consolidate that makes other people pay them to keep IBM's factories up-to-date on a regular basis. They might "lose" money on something like POWER7, but they can sell manufacturing time and technology to a die-shrink for Xboxes or Wiis and make money hand-over-fist that way.
Capital investment required for the current silicon wafer technology is huge. There haven't been any huge changes in the area for a while, so basically there are fewer players who can survive the competition.
I really can't wait until somebody discovers a new way to make processors that can be done in someone's basement or garage. That would really change the whole market dynamic.
The demise is long overdue. Other architectures might have some niche advantages but the Sparcs, Titaniums, PowerPC and what else don't cut the cake (anymore).
I work for a company that produces software that usually runs on AIX, HP or SUN. Normally between 1 and 128 processors (yes big stuff). Recently we ported to Linux on x86 as well. And then we tested the performance.
X86 was up to 3 times faster than all the other stuff for a fraction of the hardware cost. Of course you still pay a lot for the support and licenses to IBM, SUN and HP but really it makes you wonder why people are still computing on special CPU's.
Even in a x86 market you can achieve redundancy and hot swap hardware but maybe there are some corners where proprietary hardware is useful. Can't think of many though.
It just proves that your company software works better on x86 architecture, but there is still a lot of other software that runs far better on those big iron CPUs than on x86. Oracle DB is one software that runs very well on Power & Itanium if tuned properly. And one other thing the big iron boys win in enterprise, and that's scalability. And when you combine all those things, Reliability, Availability & Scalability ( RAS ) that make those architectures shine on their own, and x86 simply can't match them, at least not yet. The things that you see coming to the x86 space, have been in big iron boxes for ages. And when you talk about big companies, they don't care they are going to pay 100k less for a box, if the $ loss per hour when that box is down is like 200k $ ( or even more ).
That was actually the biggest surprise. We have customers that insert and process in excess of 100 million records per day (we use Oracle) and x86 was faster than other CPU's for a fraction of the cost, of course not the license cost for Oracle (though if performance is better you can buy less Oracle licenses, which often go per processor as you need less processors)
The nature of our business is such that a downtime of a couple of hours is acceptable, so no fancy realtime failover hardware is required.
All I can say is: if you buy from IBM, SUN or HP, don't do it for reputation of the CPU, do it for what they offer extra and measure the performance (or ask you software vendor for figures)
That's key...you identified that you don't have to be absolutely 24/7.
The savings you realize here ends up being also real savings for customers. I suspect more and more traditional "must have 24/7" customers are reconsidering their "must" position seeing the pretty huge cost differences.
It's not just downtime. Can you survive an undetected bit error that corrupts data in your database? If a processor goes bad, will it silently mangle several thousands of transactions before it fails?
Think of it this way: would you use RAID to store your critical data? If so, why are you expecting better error detection and recovery out of your fixed storage than out of your processor?
Because failure rates of Conventional HDD far exceed those of processors
The processors are replaced well before their MTBF. However, if you have a crapload of processors, that doesn't really matter. We don't have enough for that to be a problem currently, but it might be if we had thousands of CPU's.
...
this is a good read and is mostly related.
Well, the 80486 is NOT proprietary to Intel any more - the patents have all expired. However, many modern techniques for making an 80486 faster may still be covered under someone's patents - Intel, NexGen (now owned by AMD,) the remnants of Cyrix (now owned by VIA and AMD,) and Centaur (owned by VIA.)
I think Intel is a licensee of AMD for the 64-bit extensions.
"AMD licensed its x86-64 design to Intel"
Like Mr. Reilly, I really like this stuff, but at this point I mainly wonder how it will end. My guess is that IBM will be the last RISC/UNIX vendor standing. Among other things (eg, performance), sharing the physical platform with the high-margin OS400 market can't hurt.
So I wonder, how will it end? Clearly, UNIX's legacy decline could last decades; Unisys still sells Burroughs B5000 compatible machines (mostly emulated). But UNIX isn't as hard to migrate from, compared to MCP, and HP apparently felt comfortable enough about this to leave tru64 customers out in the cold regarding compatibility. I wonder if other commercial UNIXes will end this way, or if Oracle will be selling emulated SPARCs in 2030?
Not just i5/OS (ex OS/400): Just think about mostly governmental institutions (e. g. fiscal administration) that use IBM mainframe / HPC installations for their z/OS, MVS and VM stuff. The "end of job" card has not yet been given. :-)
A chance that commercial UNIXes have to survive, at last from a "usage share" point of view, is to open source them. The question of course is: Will it make sense if there's no platform, even no emulated one, where they could be run on?
Nor is it likely to be given any time soon. There's nothing in the commodity market that can match what a parallel sysplex of z/OS systems can provide. When your system has to work with disastrous economy-wrecking consequences of failure, this kind of system (or other expensive high-reliability systems like Tandem, er, HP's NonStop) is what you use.
...
IBM's i5/OS, OS/400, or whatever the name is this week can survive on just about any architecture, due to the virtual machine layer (TIMI) that hosts the operating system.
While it was convenient for IBM to use their owm processors for their midrange division that weren't System/370-compatible, they made the transition to a modified IBM/Motorola PowerPC 620 (as the PowerPC_AS) processor and then, to the POWER series without much trouble for customers.
Of course, the main problem is cooling (and the associated power requirements), which is likely why IBM will continue to produce their own processors, plus the fact that they go into their networking equipment and other systems.
Virtualization isn't the only feature that keeps big-iron RISC ticking. There are a raft of RAS features built in to modern SPARC and POWER processors that just don't exist in the x86 world. So far as I can determine, neither the current Xeon nor Opteron products have ECC L2 caches, let alone the type of instruction parity and retry that's present in SPARC64 or POWER. Intel's own Itanium supports these features (as well as core-level lockstep).
Producing a reliable system out of redundant unreliable parts only works insofar as faults are actually detected. x86 servers don't match up to enterprise RISC servers in this area. Intel has little incentive to add these features to Xeon, which would just result in Itanium cannibalization. AMD ought to, but isn't doing so - and they have bigger fish to fry. This niche will no doubt be dominated by IBM and Oracle for many years.
Opterons have had ECC caches since the early days. It's up to the BIOS makers to enable it, though.
On our Tyan motherboards, we can set a full screen of options regarding ECC for the L1/L2/L3 caches. And another screen for ECC options for the RAM.
No, "Industry Standard Architecture" is a type of bus, in this regard, ISA means "instruction set architecture".
We know it's expensive to develop a processor. Intel spends well over a $1 billion every three years to dig a whole in the ground for a new fab plant so they can keep producing faster chips.
It's why Sun can't keep SPARC up, why even Fujitsu is finding it tough to develop and why other architectures like MIPS have fallen by the wayside. They have relied on a niche, high return market that was always going to be at risk. It's not rocket science.
On the topic of x86/x64 IO virtualization:
I just hope this is one step closer to a world where every user account is, really, a Virtual Machine. Each VMs "worldview" would be, optionally -- to save space and ease maintainance, a combination of a "base" system image + software maintained by an admin, and each user could alter their "system" as they see fit.
Combine this with a fast enough network and accelerated video compression, then we're just a step away from having one "real" computer per household tucked away in the basement or a closet and a few relatively dumb terminals wherever we want them -- The office, the kitchen, the kids' bedrooms, the Television for media streaming... Just a little box that accepts local input, has a couple free USB ports, video and audio IO, and just enough brains to decode the compressed A/V in real time. Heck, this is basically what the OnLive gaming service hopes to do over the internet -- so it should definately be doable over a home network, maybe even the faster variants of WiFi.
Being unable to share hardware, particularly the video card, is what's holding this sort of thing back -- Little Timmy needs to be able to play WOW while dad watches a video in the living room.
Edited 2010-02-20 00:17 UTC
I liked the article, thank you. The Big Iron ISAs are cool but it's interesting / amazing to see the other technology that these large systems have had for years that is still trickling down slowly to commodity systems. It's fascinating to learn more about the capabilities of large systems; there's a lot to learn there and the majority of folks using commodity hardware rarely get to hear about it. People perhaps think of a large, lumbering mainframe but don't realise just how advanced some of this stuff still is...
I have one main quibble: Paravirtualization (or sometimes paravirtualisation in the UK) generally refers to modifications that expose virtualisation to the guest. That can involve modifications to the guest's low-level architecture dependent code or to device drivers. If the guest thinks it's talking to a real hardware device then that's still full virtualisation / emulation of that device, regardless of how the VMM is actually providing that device. So providing a host OS file to the guest as a hard drive is still actually full virtualisation unless you've installed virtualisation-aware drivers into the guest.
I believe that this statement is slightly behind the state-of-the-art though I may be confused. The IO Virtualisation specs for PCI do allow a somewhat standardised way to export multiple virtual interfaces from a single PCI device.
A few devices that predate this spec also defined their own ways to export multiple virtual interfaces so that similar functionality has been available for a while now. This gets used to provide safe direct hardware access to virtual machines and to unprivileged applications. It's still not that common, though, whereas I presume Big Iron makes equivalent functionality somewhat ubiquitous!
The scary thing is just how far ahead the likes of IBM have been; x86 systems are still catching up to some features that have been available on IBM's large systems for decades. And that's ignoring the integration advantages of buying hardware, OS and support from one company. Not forgetting the extreme Ninja-ness of the support that the really serious vendors provide. I knew a guy whose university acquired an IBM mainframe in a competition; part of the deal involved a dedicated telephone line between the mainframe and IBM. They reconfigured storage and before they knew it they had a phonecall from IBM saying "Your mainframe says there's a problem". That's service!
<|endofexample|>
Thread beginning with comment 500173
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
RE: Comment by Laurence
by righard on Thu 15th Dec 2011 16:27 in reply to "Comment by Laurence"
RE[2]: Comment by Laurence
by Laurence on Thu 15th Dec 2011 16:42.
Member since:
2007-03-26.
<|endofexample|>
Username: malxau (user 4215)
Real name: Malcolm antinat, wincvt, serenity audio player. Currently working for Microsoft on file systems, and contributed to XP, 2003, Vista/2008, Win7/2008R2, and Win8/2012.
Last Active: 2013-05-16
Number of Comments: 212 (148 voted up, 1 voted down)
Number of Comment Votes Applied: 587 (90% positive moderations)
Moving Average: 4.2
Average Comment Score: 0
<|endofexample|>
In the news
Backers of Plastic Bag Ban Seek Support from Cities
The Legislature sacked a proposal for a statewide ban on flimsy plastic bags this year.
So now, proponents are pursuing a bag ban in individual cities, and they’ve added Eugene to the list, hoping for a favorable response from the City Council.
“I think it’s high time we have the discussion,” Mayor Kitty Piercy said.
Oregonians use 1.7 billion plastic bags per year. That’s about 400 per person; many of the bags, once discarded, flutter away from landfills and end up in the Pacific Ocean, littering beaches and killing sea turtles and marine animals, said the consumer advocacy group Oregon State Public Interest Research Group, or OSPIRG.
Most legislators agree that plastic-bag pollution is a serious problem. But a statewide ban on plastic grocery bags died in June with the defeat of Senate Bill 536, after one of the highest-profile and hardest-fought environmental debates of the legislative session.
The University of Oregon chapter of OSPIRG said that with the bill’s defeat, the group is raising awareness and building support for a city measure, hoping the City Council will take the matter up, said Charles Denson, chapter chairman.
“Right now the main focus of our campaign is public education,” he said. “It will be up to the city to decide where to take it from there.”
The group recently held an event at the UO in which a “Plastic Bag Monster” did battle with the Duck, to the cheers and jeers of students. The organization gathered petitions to present to the city in favor of banning plastic bags, Denson said.
Portland adopted a ban Oct. 15 that prohibits plastic shopping bags at checkstands of major grocers such as Safeway and Albertsons and big retailers such as Target, Wal-Mart, Walgreens and Rite Aid that have pharmacies, the city said.
Some bag-ban proponents say city bans could create a patchwork of different rules and make it difficult to win a statewide ban later. But Denson hopes local efforts lead to a statewide solution.
“If it’s already taken effect in the major cities across the state, then there’s less of a reason to not do it on the statewide level,” he said.
The city of Eugene supported the statewide bag-ban effort and some councilors have expressed interest in this issue, Piercy said.
Local businesses are encouraging the use of cloth shopping bags, Piercy said, adding that she’s expecting the issue to come before the council “sometime in the near future.”
“I think we’re all aware that plastic bags have been a problem in our local landfill and have done significant harm to wildlife in our ocean,” Piercy said. “There is an economic impact.”
Supporters of bag bans say recycling them is not a solution because it’s not practical to get Oregonians to collect and turn in plastic bags. But the collection approach is favored by some, including the plastics industry.
Anna Richter Taylor, a spokeswoman for Hilex Poly, the South Carolina-based plastic bag manufacturing giant and the most visible opponent of the statewide bill, said it’s too soon to say whether the company will fight local efforts.
“Our focus remains on working collaboratively with recycling stakeholders to focus on recycling solutions not only of plastic bags but other plastic films and wraps,” she said.
Related ChapterUniversity of Oregon
- Local Chapters
- Get Involved
- Campaigns
- Newsroom
- Donate
Internships
Media Hits by Campaign
- Don't Get Ripped Off
- Energy Service Corps
- Stop Subsidizing Obesity
- Keep Plastic out of the Pacific
- Make Textbooks Affordable
- Make Textbooks Affordable
- Affordable Higher Education
- Campaign Against Hunger and Homelessness
- Make Health Care Work for Oregon
- New Voters Project
- Preventing another taxpayer bailout of Wall Street
- Preventing banks from irresponsible use of customers’ money
- Protecting consumers from deceptive or unfair bank activities
- Save Our National Parks
- Wall Street Reform
<|endofexample|>
About
Advanced Search
Browse by Discipline
Scientific Societies
E-print Alerts
Add E-prints
Summary: J. Phys. A: Math. Gen. 22 (1989) L711-L717. Printed in the UK
LE'lTER TO THE EDITOR
Optimal learning in neural network memories?
L F Abbott and Thomas B Kepler
Physics Department, Brandeis University, Waltham, MA 02254, USA
Received 12 May 1988
Abstract. We examine general learning procedures for neural network associative memories
and find algorithms which optimise convergence.
A neural network memory uses fixed points of the map
Si(t+1)=sgn JVSj(t) . (1)
( j r l )
(where Si = *l and Jii =0) as memory patterns which attract nearby input patterns
providing associative recall. The dynamics (1) takes an initial input Si(0)and after a
sufficient number of iterations maps it to an associated memory pattern 5, provided
that tiis a fixed point of (1) and that Si(0)lies within the domain of attraction of this
fixed point. Learning in such a network is a process by which a matrix Jv is constructed
with the appropriate fixed points and required basins of attraction. Suppose we wish
to `learn' a set of memory patterns 67 with p = 1,2, ...,ON. Important variables for
characterising a fixed point are
where the normalisation factor 11Ji11 is
Source: Abbott, Laurence - Center for Neurobiology and Behavior & Department of Physiology and Cellular Biophysics, Columbia University
Collections: Biology and Medicine
<|endofexample|>
84286 : BSD wump Local Environment Variable Handling Local Privilege Escalation
Printer | |
| Edit Vulnerability
FreeBSD contains a flaw that may allow an attacker to gain access to unauthorized privileges. The issue is triggered when an error occurs in wump during the handling of a local environment variable. This may allow a local attacker to gain escalated root privileges.
Currently, there are no known upgrades or patches to correct this vulnerability. It is possible to temporarily work around the flaw by implementing the following workaround: reduce privileges on w
<|endofexample|>
Files
Summary
Files can be uploaded to Blackboard as attached files, or particular media types.
Resources
File Types
Allowable file types in Blackboard at Otago are:
File Names
Files names can be made up of letters, numbers and some symbols. We recommend stripping as many unusual symbols from your files names as these are likely to lead to issues uploading. The following symbols will definitely cause invalid files in Blackboard:
- +
- :
Related Pages
- Folders
- Items
- Course Files (WebDav)
<|endofexample|>
In June, I put a photo of some cards from my father up in the header (this one, here). And then I never explained the photo. I had intended to. But it became one of a couple dozen unfinished thoughts of this summer.
* * * * *
Once . . . → Read More: Unfinished
“Think where man’s glory most begins and ends, And say my glory was I had such friends.” –William Butler Yeats
I am overwhelmed by your kindnesses.
Cards, texts, emails, calls, messages, comments, and an old-school, hand-written, two-page, beautifully-eloquent letter.
An abundance of food, including The Salsa (!!), and even strawberry-jalapeno cotton candy (!!!).
. . . → Read More: I Have Such Friends
I’m going to level with you: I don’t know what I’m doing.
I mean, I know what I’m doing–the motions I’m making, the checklist of details and minutiae I’ve outlined, the probate forms I’ve drafted, the gathering into order what was already in order but what feels better to reorder and . . . → Read More: Treading, Treading (Flailing, Thrashing), Treading
Some . . . → Read More: That Glad Morning
A few nights ago, The Child and I loaded into our car to head home from church. Before pulling away from the curb, I scrolled through the missed messages and emails that had accumulated on my phone while it had been silenced. Growing impatient and bored with my reading (and being anxious to . . . → Read More: Considering It: Sing About the Wheels
I do not know what it is like to be a cancer patient.
I only know how it is to be the granddaughter of one,
the niece of one,
the friend of one,
the daughter of one.
And words a daughter never wants to hear:
“Cancer”
“Stage III B or IV”
“All that can be . . . → Read More: Cancer is an Expletive
Exactly thirty-four years ago today, my parents and I were hanging out together in a hospital room at the downtown branch of one of the hospitals in The Big City, getting to know one another. I was the baldish newborn over which they fussed and pretty much The Coolest Kid They’d Ever Known. . . . → Read More: Celebrating Thirty-Four, Ironically, Back Where We First Met
I’m about to ramble. I feel it coming on and am powerless to stop it.
You’ve been warned.
I sort of fell off the face recently. I know from calls and e-mails and texts that some of you have noticed. Which in its own way rocks. Not the falling . . . → Read More: A Momentary Pause from My Falling off the Face
<|endofexample|>
IF YOU ARE:
The page you were looking for has either moved or no longer exists.
We have recently updated our site, and some links may temporarily be unavailable. You can use the site search to find the page you are looking for.
You may also need to clear your browser cache. To do this, press shift+ctrl+del and leave the box for Temporary Internet files or Cache checked, then click delete/clear now.
<|endofexample|>
The Malach first met Henry on the 5:49 PM train out of Penn Station. The Malach sat down next to Henry, pretending not to know who he was, and began making small talk. After a few minutes, the Malach got right to the point. "So what are you doing about 9/11, Henry?"
Henry was taken aback, "What do you mean by that?"
"Well, you know, it was a wake-up call."
Henry was tired and wanted to go to sleep. He was not interested in wake-up calls at the present time. "Wake up and do what?" asked Henry of this stranger who was intruding on his privacy.
"Wake up and change, of course. The whole world changed on 9/11, but how about you?"
"Why should I change? I am perfectly satisfied with the way I am. Stop bothering me now."
The Malach pressed his point. "Don't you want a bigger share in Olam Haboh?"
Henry was incredulous. "Olam Haboh? That's not my biggest problem right now. I have a mortgage to pay and am struggling to keep my business afloat. When I come to Olam Haboh, I'll be satisfied with whatever I get."
"But G-d isn't satisfied with mediocrity. He expects and demands excellence," said the Malach.
"How do you know that? Do you have insider information? Look, G-d knows me a long time. He knows that I am a nice guy and my heart is in the right place. Maybe I have a few imperfections and shortcomings, but hey, so does everyone else. G-d will overlook them."
"And how do you know that?"
"Intuition. I feel it in my bones."
The next day, when Henry spotted the stranger approaching, he pretended to be asleep. The Malach was not deterred by Henry's lack of interest, and he sat down next to Henry on the train.
"I thought about your question."
Henry opened his eyes. "What question?"
"How do I know that G-d isn't satisfied with mediocrity?”
"Ok, tell me if you must. Did G-d speak to you last night?"
"No, but I know this. If G-d didn't care, He wouldn't have given you the potential to achieve greatness."
Henry was annoyed. "Listen, I'm a good person, but I know my limitations. I will never be a great person."
The Malach countered, "Don't you know the famous story of the Rebbe, Reb Zisha (d.1800)? Reb Zisha said, ‘When I stand before the heavenly throne, G-d won't say to me, Zisha, why weren't you like Moshe Rabbeinu, or Zisha, why weren’t you like Rabbi Akiva? He will say, Zisha, why weren't you like Zisha."
"So what does that have to do with me? I am not Reb Zisha."
The Malach pulled a DVD from his briefcase and handed it to Henry. "Here, take this home and watch it when you have a chance." Before Henry could respond, the stranger got up and exited the train.
Henry didn't know what to make of this strange man, but when he came home he popped the DVD into his computer just out of curiosity. Henry was ill prepared for what he was about to experience.
Henry saw a movie of himself walking up a steep mountain. Half way up he met the Malach, seated behind a large desk.
"Name," demanded the Malach.
"Henry Schwartz."
"Where are you headed?"
"To claim my share in Olam Haboh."
"And exactly what type of Olam Haboh do you think you earned during your brief lifetime?”
Henry was taken aback. "Well, I think I did OK, more or less. I mean, I know I could have done a little better, but overall..."
The Malach stared at Henry with fiery eyes, and Henry began to tremble.
"Henry Schwartz! At your bris, your father named you Chaim ben Yaakov and the rabbi recited the benediction, zeh hakoton gadol yehiyeh, this small infant will become a gadol. Henry! Why didn't you fulfill your life- mission and become a gadol?"
Henry was speechless and had no answer. Suddenly, he fainted. Two angels lifted him up and put him on a stretcher and carried him down the mountain. Henry regained consciousness just as they passed a bold red sign that read, "The Hall of Shame for Mediocre Souls".
The DVD ended and Henry sat motionless for a long time. Then, exhausted, he went to bed.
The next day Henry walked to the train, still shaken from the strange viewing of the previous evening. How did the stranger produce a DVD with a movie of Henry, and how did he know Henry’s Hebrew name?
Henry took his seat on the train and began to read the morning paper. Henry’s friend Shlomo passed by, gemarah in hand, on his way to the back car where a Daf Yomi group was in progress. “Want to join us today?” he inquired. Henry smiled cordially, but he was not going to forsake the morning paper. Henry loved trivia, and the ninety-minute train ride allowed him to read the paper cover to cover.
About half way into the train ride, the Malach sat down next to Henry, who at that point was reading a story about a plan to raise squirrels in Bulgaria. He was annoyed that the stranger was about to interrupt this fascinating story.
“Henry, have you thought it over?”
“Thought what over?”
“The big change. Are you ready to restructure your life?”
Henry was agitated. “Listen, I don’t want to change. I don’t need to change, and I will not change. Is that clear?”
The Malach nodded and gave a knowing smile. “Sure Henry. They all say the same thing. But do you know that forty years from now you will look back and wonder why you wasted so much time and accomplished so little of lasting value during your lifetime?”
“Listen Mister. We live in the present, not the future. Who can think about forty years from now?”
“Henry, use your imagination. Why don’t you check your e-mail when you get to work?”
When Henry arrived at his office, he turned on his computer out of habit, just as he did every day. He had forgotten the Malach's last words, but when he checked his e-mail inbox, he immediately saw the subject "Henry Schwartz - Forty Years Hence". Henry opened the e-mail and was stunned to see an image of his family and friends, much older, seated with somber faces in an austere room. A rabbi stood at a podium next to a plain wooden coffin, draped with a talis. When Henry clicked on the link beneath the image, a Real Player video was enabled. In the video, the scene came to life, and the rabbi began to speak.
"Dear friends, we are gathered here today to say farewell to our dear friend, Chaim ben Yaakov, Henry Schwartz.
Henry was a great guy who will be fondly remembered for his wonderful sense of humor. Henry had the unique ability to make a joke out of everything. In fact, Henry Schwartz’s entire life was a big joke.
Henry loved trivia. For forty-five years, he religiously studied the newspaper during his 90-minute train ride, and he gained a wealth of trivial information. He knew things that most people simply did not know or care about. Indeed, Henry lived a life of trivial pursuit.
Henry loved to bowl and as he got older, he played a wicked game of shuffleboard. Appropriately, Henry left instructions to inscribe his tombstone with this epitaph: ‘Here lies Henry Schwartz, sports enthusiast, who lived to play and played to live.’
If I close my eyes, I can imagine Henry climbing a mountain on his way to heaven with his bowling ball in hand, stopping a flying Malach and inquiring in his inimitable way, ‘Hey, are there any bowling alleys in this place?’
To Henry, we say, ‘Dear friend, go now to Olam Ho’emes, the world of truth, and claim the eternal reward that you so richly deserve.’”
Henry couldn't tolerate anymore of this, and he ripped the computer plug out of the wall.
Henry was not about to be intimidated by this mysterious stranger and he vowed to stand his ground. The Malach, though, was not deterred and met Henry on the train the next day.
"Henry, you've sold yourself short. Don't forget the speech given by the Netziv."
"What are you talking about now?"
"The Netziv, Rav Naftali Tzvi Yehuda Berlin (1817-1893), the great Rosh Yeshiva of Volozhin, made a special seudah (festive meal) when he completed his magnus opus, the Haamek She'eila. At that occasion, he explained why this milestone was so significant for him. As a young boy, he did not show much interest in his Torah studies. One night, young Naftali overheard his father bemoaning his lack of progress. With tears in his eyes, his father told his mother it was time for their young son, Hirsh Leib (his nickname), to leave the yeshiva and become an apprentice to a local craftsman, so that he might learn a meaningful trade. Naftali was deeply moved by his parents’ distress, and he rushed to them and promised to apply himself to his Torah learning. From that day on, Naftali grew to become one of the great Torah giants of the 19th century.
The Netziv displayed the Haamek She-eila and said with much emotion, "Had I become a shoemaker or tailor, I never would have written these volumes. After 120 years, I would have appeared before Hakodesh Baruch Hu, and He would have demanded, ‘Why didn't you write the Haamek She-eilah?’ No doubt I would have responded in disbelief. ‘What, I am only a simple shoemaker. How could I have written this magnificent sefer?’ ‘No’, G-d would have insisted, ‘you were capable of authoring this profound work,’ and of course that would have been the case. Imagine, for eternity I would have endured the anguish, pain and disgrace of not having authored the Haamek She-eilah."
Henry stood before the heavenly court and the prosecuting angel began his indictment.
"Before us stands a person of tragic proportions. Someone who could have been a gadol in his own right, but instead, chose to be a person of insignificance."
Henry couldn't remain silent. "Excuse me, your Honor, I am sorry to interrupt, but clearly this is a case of mistaken identity. You see, I am Henry Schwartz, and you obviously have the wrong party."
"There is no mistake Mr. Schwartz. You are Chaim ben Yaakov, are you not?"
"Yes, but what you are saying is not true. I was not a potential gadol."
"Mr. Schwartz, look at the screen." A large video screen opened in front of Henry and there appeared a parade of thousands of Jewish children, with sweet and beautiful faces.
"Who are they?” asked Henry. "What do they have to do with me?"
The prosecutor responded with passion. "Mr. Schwartz, do you remember the fire that closed down the Eitz Chaim Yeshiva in your neighborhood? The local rabbis asked you to use your charming personality and great sense of humor to lead a fundraising committee, so that the Yeshiva could re-open its doors and service the local children. You could have done it. Everyone loved and respected you. Why do you think Hashem gave you your special sense of humor? He gave you that gift so you could raise funds for the Yeshiva. These are the children, who would have passed through the yeshiva, and their children and children's children who would have remained religious as well. But you declined. Instead, you wasted your sense of humor, and now your life is only a bad joke.
Henry was aghast. "But I had no idea."
The room filled with balloons, thousands and thousands of balloons, floating up into the sky.
"What are these?" asked Henry, afraid to hear the answer.
"Those are the missed opportunities of your lifetime, the unfulfilled potential of each and every day."
Henry tried to grab the balloons, but they just slipped through his fingers and floated away. "Please, I just want one more chance. Can't we turn the clock back a bit? Look, I didn't realize..."
Henry woke in a cold sweat, still pleading, "Please, can’t we turn the clock back a bit...” When he realized it was just a dream, he said, "Thank G-d this was only a nightmare." He tried to fall back asleep, but was unable to do so.
The next day the Malach spotted Henry on the train. "I see you are still reading the daily paper during your ride home. Obviously, you are having difficulty making significant changes in your life. I am left with no choice. I am implementing an RMTF program for you. Then you will see the light."
Henry had many things to say to the intruder, but he nervously asked first, "What in the world is that?"
"You know the famous story of the emperor without clothing? Why did the emperor believe he was magnificently dressed, when in fact he was the laughing stock of his kingdom? He thought this because no one gave him feedback. Henry, you, like many people, have lived your life without feedback, and that is why you are not in touch with the reality of your soul. I am here to correct your delusional state by connecting you to an "RMTF" program, which provides "Religious Modification Through Feedback". Don't worry, you'll be a new man in no time at all."
Before Henry had a chance to protest, the stranger disappeared.
Henry didn't know when the RMTF would be activated and he tried to convince himself that he had nothing to fear in any event. Yet in spite of his own self-reassurances, Henry was nervous all day. When Henry arrived at work the next day, he discovered the RMTF display on his computer screen. The revelations were devastating.
Throughout the day, Henry received regular RMTF updates. By the time he left the office, he was a nervous wreck. Henry's elaborate edifices of self-deception, so carefully constructed during his adult life, had come crashing down like the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center. Henry was completely exposed and he had nowhere to hide.
That evening, Henry waited anxiously for the stranger to appear. "I'm so happy to see you", said Henry as the stranger took his seat on the train. "I do not understand the things you have done to me, but please turn off the RMTF. I cannot handle it. I got the point. You've changed my life, and I'll never be the same. I trivialized my life and was satisfied to be a spiritual midget, but now will strive for religious greatness. I don't need feedback anymore."
The stranger was saddened. "As you wish." He got up to leave, and turned back to Henry one last time. "Most people float through life, completely oblivious to their inner potential. Henry, you woke up for a moment. Make sure you don't go back to sleep." Then, the Malach was gone.
The next morning, as Henry passed the newsstand, he was about to purchase the morning paper, just as he had done everyday for the past twenty-three years. Suddenly, he remembered the stranger saying, "The whole world changed on 9/11, how about you?" Henry imagined thousands of balloons drifting into the sky, and he heard the Malach ask pointedly, "Henry, why weren't you like Chaim ben Yaakov?" Henry thought about many things, and then…
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"OK class," said the teacher. "That's the beginning of the story. You complete the end. Think about the internal struggle that is being played out within Henry Schwartz between two powerful human emotions: spiritual inertia and religious inspiration. How will this conflict be resolved? Which force will be pre-eminent? Will Henry Schwartz be able to sustain genuine changes in his life?"
"Personalize your story. Put yourself in his shoes, and imagine you are Henry Schwartz. How would you finish the story? Would you be able to make significant modifications?"
"Good luck class. I hope you do well. After all, your future for eternity may well depend on it."
* An E-Mail from Hashem
* A Story for the Days of Awe
* The Grand Slam
* If you received e-mail from an angel, would you heed… The Heavenly Call
* The Merry – Go – Round
<|endofexample|>
Chodesh Av and Menachem Av -
Tishah BAv and Tu BAv
"Chodesh Av," the Month of Av, is referred to in the Bible as the
"Fifth Month," counting from Nisan, the "First Month." There is a
Biblical reference in BaMidbar (33:38), where we find "And Aharon the Priest went up
to Hor HaHar at the command of G-d, and he died there in the fortieth year after the
Jewish People had left Egypt, in the fifth month, on the first of the month."
This tragedy, the death of Aharon, was perhaps a signal that this month would be a month
of tragedy throughout most of Jewish History.
The name "Av" itself, like all the other names of months in the Hebrew
Calendar, "came up" with the Jewish People on their return to the Land of Israel
from their Exile in Babylonia. The name of "Menachem Av" is also used. A
possible explanation of that name is as follows: "Menachem" in Hebrew means the
Comforter; "Av" means "Father." In the name "Menachem Av,"
"The One Who comforts, the Av," could refer to Hashem, Who is called the Father,
and Who is the only One Who has the ability to comfort the Jewish People for all the
tragedies that we have suffered in this month.
Some use the name "Av" through the Ninth of Av; afterwards, when comfort is
appropriate, the name "Menachem Av" is used.
Another meaningful interpretation of the name "Menachem Av" is that the word
"Av" is spelled "Alef, Bet." The Prophet Yirmiyahu, an eye-witness to
the destruction of the Temple, Yerushalayim and its population, describes those events in
Megillat Eichah, in tears. He builds the structure of the Megillah on the
"Alef-Bet," meaning not only that it is written in Hebrew, but also that the
structure of the chapters themselves is built on the "Alef-Bet."
This is so in the sense that in the first two of the five chapters as well as the last
two, the first verse begins with an "Alef," the second with "Bet," the
third with "Gimel," and so on. And the middle chapter is built on the structure
of a triple "Alef-Bet;" that is, "Alef, Alef, Alef," "Bet, Bet,
Bet," "Gimel, Gimel, Gimel," and so on. It is as if the Holy Language of
the Holy People comes to comfort them on the loss of their Holy Temple and the Holy City
of Yerushalayim.
Yet another meaningful interpretation of the name "Menachem Av" is that it is
a valid description of Jewish History that at the darkest times, when there seems to be no
hope for the future, a ray of light is found. And more often than not, the way out of
despair is found by Jewish women, and involves the secret of Jewish marriage, whereby the
One Who designed the human soul made it such that each "neshamah," has a
companion, which it requires for its completion and happiness.
That is why we bless every "Chata" and "Kallah," bridegroom and
bride, that they find the same happiness as did the Original Couple, Adam and Chavah, in
"Gan Eden." And that is why Miriams advice to her father, Amram, in the
bleakest time of bondage and degradation in Egypt, when the Egyptians were tossing Jewish
baby boys into the Nile, to re-marry Yocheved, the mother of Moshe, was so crucial.
And that is also why the last Mishnah in Taanit says, "There were no holidays so
joyous for the Jewish People as the Fifteenth of Av and Yom HaKippurim, for on those days,
the daughters of Yerushalayim would go out in borrowed white clothing, and dance in the
vineyards located in the outskirts of the city. And everyone who didnt have a wife
would go there."
"And what would they say? Young man, lift up your eyes and choose wisely.
Dont look only at physical beauty - look rather at the family - For charm is
false, and beauty is vanity. A G-d - fearing woman is the one to be praised.
(Mishlei 31:30)"
Rabbi Pinchas Frankel
Rabbi Frankel is an Educational Coordinator at the OU
<|endofexample|>
- 
Staff Fee Privileges
OUS employees appointed at half-time or more (not including temporary classified employees, graduate assistants, or other student employees) may register for class work at special rates. An eligible employee, upon approval by the university president or designee, may register for a maximum of twelve credit hours per term at staff fee rates, under the terms and conditions described in the Academic Year Fee Book.
Eligible employees may transfer their staff fee privileges to family members or domestic partners upon verification that the transferee is a qualified recipient of transferred staff fee privileges.
- Staff Fees Form - Employee
- Application Deadlines
- Fall 9/19/12
- Winter 1/2/13
- Spring 3/27/13
- Summer 6/19/13
- Staff Fees Form - Family Transfer
- Application Deadlines
- Fall 9/10/12
- Winter 12/24/12
- Spring 3/18/13
- Summer 6/10/13
- 2012-13 Staff Fee Tuition Policy
- Questions and Answers regarding staff fee and transferred staff fee privileges
- Programs Excluded from Staff Fee Privileges
- All Campus Staff Rate Matrix
- OUS Staff Fee Privileges Benefit (SFPB) Approved Administrator Contact List
- Domestic Partners
<|endofexample|>
Pretty! Gay?
1.13.2008
By Shana Naomi Krochmal.
- first
- previous page
- 1
- 2
- 3
READER COMMENTS (
)
Search
<|endofexample|>
Wouldn't you love to come home from work and throw this fabulously comfy looking Sweater Cape ($69) on over your favorite tank or tee? Well we would! This sweater cape exudes comfort and style with a drawstring hood and roomy, three-quarter sleeves.
Outblush is a blog for girls who love to shop. Our staff digs up the best clothes, home stuff, beauty items, and more. New items are posted every day — bookmark us, sign up for email updates, grab our RSS feed, and check out:
<|endofexample|>
winter jigglies.
See more retro bikinis.
Outblush is a blog for girls who love to shop. Our staff digs up the best clothes, home stuff, beauty items, and more. New items are posted every day — bookmark us, sign up for email updates, grab our RSS feed, and check out:
<|endofexample|>
Oh my gosh, something from Design Within Reach that doesn't make our wallet waste away. The Etch Candleholder ($55) by Tom Dixon launched at the Salone del Mobile in Milan 2010, and it's under $60 (whoa). Technology that cuts up circuit boards made this dramatic piece, and it doesn't even feel industrial. Shadows from this candle cage would be downright romantic.
Outblush is a blog for girls who love to shop. Our staff digs up the best clothes, home stuff, beauty items, and more. New items are posted every day — bookmark us, sign up for email updates, grab our RSS feed, and check out:
<|endofexample|>
This page would contain your return policy. If you do not wish to include this page then just delete it from the pages directory.
If you want to add other pages to the navigation list just upload them to the pages directory and the script will list them here.
Just make sure that you name the file in proper case and include spaces, because it will show up exactly as how you save it.
<|endofexample|>
Further to comment # 1, Bennet Voyles says in the same vein in TOI, "Bin Laden's most significant legacy is arguably the degree to which he led the US government to institutionalise an American jihad against terrorism that almost constitutes a new Cold War, one that has led to the building of a vast secret military and intelligence instrument that he would have appreciated - a tool that can reach almost everywhere, usually without courts or legislators to hold it back."
Ghai says "still America will be America "
Yes, it is America's innate and pervasive evil which is now on display.
The Evil Empire's evil, freely inflicted on the world for over half a century, is finally recoiling on its own citizens. This can only be a good thing. The more Americans, Brits, and other Western people suffer the better. They deserve it.
Nothing can be done against the most powerful nation in the world.Let us live as slaves and die.Only God can do something about this.Ordinary mortals have no power.Sorry.
Scriber of the article is a typical Leftist and divorced of logic.
America and the World have no choice but to act and save its citizens. THIS IS THE ONLY WAY, USA is pursuing and every Country should follow this. At the cost of Liberty and Freedom, we the Citizens in the West have peace. Every "Islamist" and every "Leftist", I mean every Islamist and leftist- should be profiled and kept under the scanner from craddle to grave.
Ghai,
>> Post Muslim Radicalization the World must learn to live with toned down freedoms which are now things of the past for the humanity .
Your historical perspective does not go beyond the tip of your nose!
'Hopefully the press, the Congress and the U.S. Supreme Court will over the next decade or two act to curb some of this governmental over-reach. ' Faruki
Sufficient time for the Jihadis to create more problems in USA and World over. Post Muslim Radicalization the World must learn to live with toned down freedoms which are now things of the past for the humanity .
Never forget what happened on 26/11 in Mumbai even after 7 yrs of Atta Mohmed led carnage in NYK .If not USA then Islamists will create problems and are creating problems in rest of the World. So neither USA nor World at large can afford to relax Security Norms.Rather USA has done a good job in observing Security Rules strictly and avoiding another 9/11 where as India has time and again failed to protect its countrymen. .
'4 plotted to blow up UK army base
Four Britons, three of them of Pakistani-origin, were plotting to blow up a Territorial Army base in the UK by using a toy car loaded with explosives. They are accused of taking their lead from copies of the al-Qaeda magazine Inspire which contains blueprints for home-grown attacks.
-- a campaign of terror attacks in Britain, authorities here said, adding the plot was foiled in a huge surveillance operation.
The alleged complex 16-month plot emerged as four British Muslim men appeared in court on Monday charged with a raft of terrorist offences. The gang is accused of working to recruit others to fight Jihad and raising vital funds. '
"Otherwise America will cease to be America." Faruki
Though Islamists are trying very hard and persistently to see that America ceases to be America
but
still America will be America despite and in-spite of Islamic Terrorism .
9/11 has led to erosion of some basic freedoms that Americans take for granted. Leftist journalists may sometimes exaggerate such erosions to portray an Orwellian dystopia. Hopefully the press, the Congress and the U.S. Supreme Court will over the next dacade or two act to curb some of this governmental over-reach. Otherwise America will cease to be
<|endofexample|>
Vetting and Barring SchemeAccess to this article about the new Vetting and Barring Scheme, the timetable for its implementation and its implications for out of school clubs, is restricted to OOSA members.
If you are already a member, please use the log-in box on the right to sign in. If you have not yet joined OOSA you can sign-up today and start enjoying the benefits of membership right away.
<|endofexample|>
Write - File Benchmark:
The final benchmark involves our custom OCC test files. These are the same files used for the WinRAR benchmarks in our other reviews. The measure time in seconds begins from the moment the file copy is commenced, to the moment the 'copying' window disappears. A lower score means a better result.
The Mushkin Ventura does very well in real-world tests when using USB 3.0. It handily beats the Patriot Supersonic, even at maxed bandwidth usage in the 1 GB file transfer. USB 2.0 performance is still unfortunately lagging behind the two other Patriot drives in most of the tests.
Also part of our network:
TalkAndroid, Android Forum, iPhone Informer, Neoseeker, and Used Audio Classifieds
<|endofexample|>
My Account
item(s) in cart
Subtotal:
You May Also Likeback to top
detailsback to top
Product DescriptionThis complete cleaning kit includes a heavy-duty 3-1/2 gallon bucket with lid, 16 oz. of Fiberglass Cleaner and Wax, 15 oz. of Vinyl Cleaner and Restorer, 500 ml of Mildew Stain Remover, 15 oz. of Clean and Shine Wax, drying cloth, and sponge. Ships ground only.
<|endofexample|>
My Account
item(s) in cart
Subtotal:
Innovative Lighting Versa-Bryte White LED Kit
Key Features
Vibration and shockproof
Rated at 100,000 hours of service life
Our Price $29.99 - $94.99
You May Also Likeback to top
detailsback to top
Product Description
*
<|endofexample|>
- Blogs
- Lissa Rankin
- Community
One of the most inspiring things I learned a few years ago when I had just started the Youth Wellness Network and was working with youth across North America was the idea that, in order to empower anyone else, I needed to take responsibility for my OWN life first. This realization not only changed the dynamic of every single relationship I had in my life, but it also created the very foundation for what my organization is now built on – leading by an authentic example.
I believe that if more parents took responsibility for their OWN lives before they tried to get their kids to do something that they weren’t even practicing themselves - more young people would grow up empowered and inspired rather than rebellious and disillusioned. The fact is actions speak WAY louder than words and youth emulate our actions so much more than they listen to our words.
I believe many adults - like my father did with me - underestimate the power and wisdom of young people, and believe that since they don’t know better they must be controlled. My parents spent so much time trying to prevent me from experiencing the same pain and discomfort they lived through by telling me what to do, how to do it, and when to do it. I know this was their way of trying to protect me, but it ended up causing more harm than good. In deciding everything for me they were actually disempowering me from making healthy choices on my own. I was set up for a lifetime of indecisiveness and powerlessness.
Thankfully at the age of 50 my dad had a major transformation in his life and ended up shedding a lot of those old belief systems and took on new more empowering ones instead. He turned his own life around and became so inspired by the process that he wanted to help others do the same. That is where I got to reap the benefits. It was his inspired action to live the empowered version of himself that inspired me to follow suit. I now know that there is a more empowering way to raise our next generation!
Once children’s primary needs are met (love, food, and shelter), and they’re safe from physical harm, parents have the opportunity to allow their kids the freedom to become personally responsible. In allowing your young ones to think and act for themselves, and then respecting their decisions, you’ll be able to move to a place of trust, love and faith in your relationship. All of these experiences will let them learn, grow and make mistakes. The more YOU have faith that life will bring them exactly what THEY need, when they need it, the more they’ll be able to gain the self-knowledge required to flourish as adults. You just have to trust that no matter what they go through, they’ll become more evolved people as a result.
This doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be a parent to your children - quite the contrary. It’s just a shift in the way you take on this role by default. For example, you can still provide guidance and share your own stories, but you must own these as yours, not as things that might or will happen to your kids. You can teach them that actions always have consequences, and the more aware they are of these consequences, the easier their choices become. You can show them how to make decisions that truly feel good within them, and then to live with and learn from the repercussions, no matter what they are. You can share your own morals and values while encouraging them to create their own. You can teach them that the more they’re able to respect and love themselves, the more they’ll be able to respect and love others. If more parents are able to accomplish all this, it’s possible that the next generation will grow up feeling more in control of their lives and more personally responsible for the realities they’re manifesting.
While my dad unconsciously spent a lot of time controlling me as a young person - telling me what to do, forcing me to behave a certain way around the house, and pressuring me to act maturely in the classroom and in public - he realizes now that that way of parenting did not set me up for success.
When I moved away from home to go to university, I was unable to conﬁdently make decisions for myself and, as a result, I struggled tremendously. It was only when I started working with my dad, after his transformation in a coaching relationship, that he learned the value of allowing me (with his support) to take complete responsibility for my OWN life and circumstances. He no longer told me what to do and he never provided solutions for my problems and concerns. Rather, he empowered me to look within and realize how much control I actually had over the events transpiring in my life.
This isn’t just true for parents and children. I believe that it’s in all of our best interests to give all the people in our lives - spouses, siblings, employees, students, friends, and so on - the space to make their own choices and learn from their mistakes. If you’re able to release the desire to control every outcome and tell others what to do, our youth will be free to grow into unique, conﬁdent people.
The more that we allow each other to live personally responsible lives, the more harmonious our relationships and environments will become. We’ll all thrive if given the chance to do so.
The most efﬁcient way to encourage others to take ownership of their own lives is to lead by example. The more we move from a “do as I say” to a “do as I do” approach, the more enabled individuals will be to make happier, healthier, and more positive choices that feel good to them.
Empowerment and personal responsibility are the way of the future. Through these practices, young leaders will be nurtured and supported. And this next generation will have the opportunity and the ability to repair our planet and live in peace.
**Most of this blog is an excerpt from Michael’s new book Empowered YOUth: A Father and Son’s Journey to Conscious Living (Hay House) Now available everywhere books are sold. If you like this blog you will most likely enjoy the book!**
M very much for suchBy badasshomebusiness (not verified) on Wednesday, 12/12/2012 at 2:47 AM
Thank you very much for such a informative post, I must say you have highlight many important thing in this post again thanks for sharing!
<|endofexample|>
We're sorry to say this item is now sold out but don't worry, we have plenty of similar items in stock for you to chose from. Take a closer look at similar items in for sale
Take a closer look at other similar items
Beautiful cream and ecru skirt and top duo. The inner petticoat and top have lace hems and the waistband is elasticated at the back. The pretty stitched floral pattern of the top is echoed in the skirt pleats. The top is fastened at the rear with pearly floral shaped buttons..
What we do
Get involved
Make a donation
© 2013. Oxfam is a registered charity in England and Wales (no 202918) and Scotland (SC039042).
Oxfam GB is a member of Oxfam International.
<|endofexample|>
Login with Athens/Access Management Federation
Here are some possible reasons why you are being prompted to log in:
- If you are a subscriber, you may have entered your username and password incorrectly. Please try again. Forgotten your password?
- You are a subscriber but your session has timed out after a period of browser inactivity. Log back in with your username and password.
- You are attempting to access the main content of Oxford Biblical Studies Online and do not have a subscription. Find out how to subscribe.
If you still have any problems logging in, please contact us.
<|endofexample|>
Properties in Burford, Oxfordshire between £30,000 and £2,000,000
Properties in Burford, Oxfordshire
To provide you with the best possible service we only show properties for which estate agents have provided full and valid postcodes. You may find more properties in our List or Gallery views.
Lounge/Diner
En-Suite to Master Bedroom
Bathroom
Balcony
Allocated Parking
First Floor Apartment
Two Double Bedrooms
En-Suite to Master Bedroom
Lounge / Diner
Balcony
Allocated and Visitors Parking
Lounge/Dining Area
Open Plan Kitchen Area
En-Suite to Master Bedroom
Allocated Parking
Energy Rating: C
Lounge/Diner
Kitchen with Integrated Appliances
Allocated Parking
Two Bedroom End Terrace House
Lounge/Diner
Cloakroom
Single Garage
Enclosed Rear Garden
Energy Rating: C
Kitchen
Lounge/Diner
Cloakroom
Double Glazing
Single Garage
Energy Rating: C
<|endofexample|>
Conclusions and Policy Implications
On the basis of analysis of vocational educational training (VET) systems in the seven leading industrialized countries, general conclusions can be drawn about what kinds of institutional arrangements for skills creation seem to promise most prospects of attaining the goal of the learning society. In some respects, the worst placed are those systems that provide specific vocational courses remote from the enterprise: the central state-regulated regimes for initial VET of France, Italy, and Sweden. In most systems, the role of direct state provision of training has been adversely affected by two self-reinforcing factors: the association of government action with residual provision for the unemployed; and the hostility of current neo-liberal orthodoxy to most kinds of government action. The specific area of skills-creation policy demonstrates the current general predicament of public policy. Government becomes associated with care for social failure and not with dynamism, and the latter therefore comes to be seen as resting solely with private corporations whose initiatives the state can only weaken by diluting them with social concerns.
Keywords: vocational educational training, VET, skills creation, training, France, Italy, .
<|endofexample|>
- Price: $63.00
- Exclusive Price: $2720.00
Creative Splash Website Template 25236 Contacts Page
Sources, Software & Requirements
Areas to find similiar Website Templates
Assuming that you absolutely love this layout you may wish to peek at more templates completed with the hand of our web designer Mira. Mira regularly produces Website Templates, Joomla Templates, and WordPress Themes.
Mira's Website Template 25236 resides in the Web Design, Zero Downloads, and Wide categories so you could possibly discover other designs there that you may want to look at.
On the assumption that you are not necessarily looking to have text and photos on the same topic but need a comparable style for how the design was made, we further categorize our layouts through the compositional style and the mentioned website template corresponds with Neutral style types.
Lastly we also arrange layouts by keywords that are strikingly apparent while checking out the template and this design is related to quality, portfolio, artist, webmasters, and profile website templates.
We are aware that we have an extremely large collection of layouts and it may be a daunting task to find the correct website layout that you have been wanting. We do additionally offer a Template Search Tool that makes it so you can modify the variables to zero in on the design that would be perfect for your game plan.
<|endofexample|>
Safariland Training Group and Palmer Township Police Department will be hosting a Patrol Rifle Instructor
Certification in October.
When: October 3,4, & 5, 2012
Where: Palmer Township Police Department
5 Weller Place
P.O. Box 3039
Palmer, PA 18043-3039
Cost: $315 per student
Description: This advanced course is designed for Law Enforcement instructors who have the responsibility of teaching sworn personnel the proper deployment of the Tactical Rifle. This is not a basic course and the student should have prior experience with the Patrol Rifle.
For a full description please CLICK HERE.
For further details or to register, please contact:
Sgt. Wayne Smith - wsmith@palmerpd.org
Bob Parker, Instructor @ (239) 699-4517 or
Safariland Training Group (904) 741-1766
Pennsylvania Chiefs of Police Association 3905 North Front Street, Harrisburg, PA 17110 Tel: (717) 236-1059
<|endofexample|>
On March 30, 2011, the Portals division of Pacific Clinics dedicated the S. Mark Taper Foundation Recovery and Wellness Center in South Los Angeles before a crowd of over 120 special guests and dignitaries. More than $2.2 million was raised by the Western Avenue Renovation Project (WARP) Capital Campaign, ensuring the expansion of Pacific Clinics’ urgently needed mental health services to hundreds of individuals in Los Angeles' most impoverished neighborhood.
The dedication event guest list consisted of campaign donors, local political representatives and Pacific Clinics staff. The event program began with a welcome from capital campaign committee chair Richard Dominguez, who proclaimed, "This is a day of great celebration." He outlined the beginnings of the campaign, which coincided with the nation’s economic recession. "Regardless of the economic climate," said Mr. Dominguez, "I am pleased to report we were successful in our capital campaign." Mr. Dominguez went on to thank the members of the capital campaign’s steering committee, who met bi-weekly since the campaign started in early 2008.
Dr. Susan Mandel, President and CEO of Pacific Clinics, followed in the program and thanked the donors, volunteers and staff for their combined efforts in helping the agency reach both its fundraising and construction goals. She also acknowledged longtime former Portals CEO Marvin Weinstein, saying, "I view myself as a successor/trustee to Marv Weinstein…and I take that trusteeship very seriously." Dr. Mandel explained that none of what Portals does today would have been possible without his dedicated efforts.
Dr. Mandel then introduced Jim Balla, Executive Vice President and COO of Pacific Clinics as well as President of the Portals Foundation Board of Trustees. Mr. Balla – who served as President and CEO of Portals prior to joining Pacific Clinics – summarized the community need for the expanded services of the new Taper Center, which include: expanded service capacity, the creation of new program opportunities and improved access and safety in the facility. He proudly stated that the Taper Center would be "a true and treasured community asset."
Gil Abdalian, Portals' divisional director who oversees the Center’s activities, shared his belief that "the Center’s presence will contribute significantly to this community’s need for mental health services," and asked that Portals members Sheila Armstead and Kenny Bowers share their experiences to show how they, along with many other members, have benefited from Portals programs.
Jolynn Reid, Chief Development Officer of Pacific Clinics, continued the program by acknowledging the presence of two key contributors to the project: Lead donor S. Mark Taper Foundation, represented by Vice President Cynthia Taper Bolker, and Dominic Ng, Chairman, President and CEO of East West Bank, who chaired the WARP project's "Race to the Finish" campaign aimed at raising the remaining funds needed to reach the goal of the campaign.
Judy and Karen Weinstein announced that thanks to more than 100 of their friends and family, they had raised nearly $70,000 to have the outdoor area in the rear of the Center be renamed the Marvin Weinstein Memorial Courtyard in honor of their father. Judy Weinstein added that they were truly gratified that so many of the donors toward this tribute were able to make it to the dedication event.
The program concluded with closing remarks by Ron Banks, Chair of both Pacific Clinics' Board of Directors and the Portals Foundation Board of Trustees, who acknowledged everyone who made the Taper Center possible, saying that the dedication "was a wonderful way to mark the end of a 3-year effort by the members of the steering committee, whose dedication was unwavering."
Following the program, guests were given tours of the facility by divisional staff and members, showing how the renovated Center is now able to support enhanced services such as transitional housing, employment, socialization and community outreach, to name just a few.
<|endofexample|>
Waste Recycling in the UK
It seems like common senseLook for strong growth in population. Look for increases in demand. Look for improvements in infrastructure. Look at the indicators and what's driving them.
Who's moving there the US. They are also looking for accessibility and affordable health care. Infrastructure improvements almost always result in higher property values. Recent announcements from the Costa Rican government about locating the third international airport in Palmar Sur, just 20 minutes from our property, will cause upward pressure on prices. The near completion of the coastal highway to Quepos, a major tourist destination, will also affect property values positively. Lot prices in Costa Rica continued to inch up even during the real estate down turn many world markets, especially ocean view lots.
Seek undervalued property marketsSmart 2014 to 4 million visitors. Prominent US publications like the Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Kiplinger Magazine and Fortune Magazine have all recently featured articles about the real estate opportunities in Costa Rica. These publications note the low cost of living, the high quality of life, the tax advantages and the trends in appreciation.
Vacancy TrendsLook furnishing may vary whether you choose to target the transient tourist market or longer term renters.
Property OwnershipCostAs an alternative to Florida, Arizona or California, Americans are increasingly investing in second homes, rental properties, retirement homes and land outside of the US. Costa Rica's desirability and easy access has led to steady appreciation in prices, projected to continue well into the future. Many US corporations as well as major hotel chains are locating here. The fact is, our money goes much further here. Another reason to consider owning property in Costa Rica is the quality of life. Costa Rican's are one of the happiest people on the planet and they live longer here than most other parts of the world.
Afford ability is the key reason why so many people choose Costa Rica for property ownership, second homes, rental properties and retirement. The low.
Why Work with Us?We are the largest builder in the southern region of the country and the largest employer. We've got 20 years of experience having developed thousands of lots, all with roads, water and electric at the lot line. We build world class custom homes for our clients and we have a long list of satisfied customers and excellent references. We take care to protect the environment and a portion of all of our income goes toward that effort. In a country where you don't need a license to sell real estate, our reputation speaks for itself. We have hundreds of millions of dollars in assets and the resources and experience to insure your satisfaction.
© 2013 Pacific Lots Inc, PO Box 6283, Key West, FL 33041, Info@PacificLots.com, 877-481-0300 Toll Free Phone or Fax
<|endofexample|>
Share this page:
Click here to tell us your idea for a new book, and you may see it published
Click here to tell us your idea for a new book, and you may see it published
Buy any 5 Open Source eBooks for $60 | £40 | €50 or any 5 Enterprise eBooks for $100 | £65 | €80.
Introducing 'Git: Version Control for Everyone' the non-coders guide to increase efficiency and productivity. BUY NOW (1393)
Latest Books
AJAX (33)
Alfresco (9)
Android (17)
App Testing (15)
Architecture & Analysis (29)
Beginner's Guides (151)
Blender (11)
BPEL (14)
Cloud (23)
Content Management (CMS) (148)
Cookbooks (256)
CRM (14)
Data (39)
DotNetNuke (5)
Drupal (44)
e-Commerce (36)
e-Learning (49)
Enterprise (381)
Flash (16)
Free eBooks (10)
Games (75)
Google (13)
IBM (32)
Instant (125)
iOS (29)
Java (123)
JBoss (18)
Joomla! (31)
jQuery (37)
Linux Servers (39)
Lite Editions (24)
Microsoft (158)
Microsoft Development (38)
Microsoft Dynamics (31)
Microsoft Other (18)
Microsoft Servers (46)
Microsoft SharePoint (12)
Microsoft Silverlight (13)
Microsoft SQL Server (14)
Mobile (66)
Moodle (31)
MySQL (11)
.NET (43)
Networking & Telephony (55)
Open Source (767)
Oracle (109)
Oracle Applications (20)
Oracle Database (33)
Oracle Fusion Middleware (39)
Oracle Other (8)
PHP (63)
Plone (11)
Portuguese, Espanol, Italiano, French (11)
Python (36)
RAW books (25)
SAP (6)
Security and Testing (16)
SOA (28)
Unity (14)
Virtualisation (18)
Web Development (187)
Web Graphics & Video (50)
Web Services (31)
WordPress (26)
<|endofexample|>
Microsoft Monday Competition
Migrating Data
Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2013 is an Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system targeted at small and medium-sized companies. In this article by Laura Nicolàs Lorente and Cristina Nicolàs Lorente from the book Implementing Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2013, we will see which tools can be used in Dynamics NAV to migrate data into the system and how to convert data to meet NAV requirements. We will look at tools such as:
RapidStart Services
XMLport
User defined tools
We will also see what kind of data is commonly migrated to Dynamics NAV and which strategies can be used to migrate it. The kind of data and strategies are listed as follows:
Master data
Open entries
Historical data
Open documents Step in full
Anim
<|endofexample|>
Oracle Modernization Solutions
Formats:
save 35%!
save 37%!
- Complete, practical guide to legacy modernization using SOA Integration and Re-architecture
- Understand when and why to choose the non-invasive SOA Integration approach to reuse and integrate legacy components quickly and safely
- Understand when and why to choose Re-architecture to reverse engineer legacy components and preserve business knowledge in a modern open and extensible architecture
- Modernize to a process-driven SOA architecture based on Java EE, Oracle Database, and Fusion Middleware
- Covers real-life scenarios with detailed hands-on examples
Book DetailsLanguage : English
Paperback : 432 pages [ 235mm x 191mm ]
Release Date : September 2008
ISBN : 1847194648
ISBN 13 : 9781847194640
Author(s) : Jason Williamson, Tom Laszewski
Topics and Technologies : All Books, Oracle Database, Architecture & Analysis, Enterprise, Java, Oracle, SOA
Table of Contents
Preface
Chapter 1: Introduction to Legacy Modernization
Chapter 2: Overview of SOA Integration
Chapter 3: SOA Integration—Functional View, Implementation, and Architecture
Chapter 4: SOA Integraton—Scenario in Detail
Chapter 5: Overview of Re-architecturing
Chapter 6: Re-Architecture—Functional View, Implementation, and Architecture
Chapter 7: Batch Systems Re-architecture Technical Deep Dive
Chapter 8: Online Systems Re-architecture Technical Deep Dive
Chapter 9: Re-Architecture—Scenario in Detail
Chapter 10: Introduction to Re-Host based Modernization Using Tuxedo
Chapter 11: Legacy Modernization—The Future
Appendix A: Technology Glossary
Index
- Chapter 1: Introduction to Legacy Modernization
- What We Won't Cover
- Methodology and Estimation
- The Modernization Marketplace and Why Modernize
- Deep Dive on Approaches
- Overview of the Modernization Options
- Legacy Understanding
- Application Portfolio Analysis (APA)
- Re-Architecturing
- SOA Integration
- Platform Migration
- Automated Migration
- Re-Hosting
- Data Modernization
- Legacy Adapters
- Replacement
- Business Value—What Really Matters?
- Summary
- Chapter 2: Overview of SOA Integration
- Integrating SOA into a Legacy Framework
- Drivers for SOA Integration
- Considerations for SOA Enablement
- Where to Begin—a Word on Application Discovery
- Assessment Process: Bringing it together
- Summary
- Chapter 3: 4:
- Chapter 5: Overview of Re-architecturing
- What is Re-Architecture?
- Drivers and Considerations for Re-Architecture
- How IBM Views Re-Architecture
- Advanced Development Tools
- Re-Architecture versus Re-Host
- Re-Architect Deep Dive
- Pros and Cons
- Summary
- Chapter 6: Re-Architecture—Functional View, Implementation, and Architecture
- Technical Advantages of Re-Architecture
- Application Maintenance
- Enterprise Information Integration (EII) and Enterprise Application Integration (EAI)
- Architected for the Internet
- Availability
- Greater Software Options
- On Demand Reporting
- Security
- Overcoming Barriers to Change
- Custom Integration Applications and Utilities
- Custom Workflow
- Custom ETL
- Undisciplined Development
- Decoupling the Application-Tiers
- Presentation-Tier
- Data Access
- Re-Architecture is Happening
- Re-architecture—Functional View
- A Technical Perspective of the Functional View
- Other Components of the Functional Infrastructure
- Re-architecture—Optional Software Components
- Implementation Process: Common Attributes, Approach for Batch, and Online Processes
- Top Three Re-Architecture Approaches
- Three "Iterative-Phased" Approaches (IPA)
- Re-archtecture Modernization Life Cycle
- Life-Cycle Caveats
- Re-Architecture Phases
- Discovery/Recovery
- Design Target Architecture
- Install and Configure Oracle Software and Hardware
- Model Target Application
- Development Iterations
- User Acceptance Testing (UAT)
- Performance Scalability
- Production Roll out
- Running in Parallel
- Unplug the Legacy Application
- Using a Modernization Factory for Re-Architecture Implementation
- Final Architecture—Common Oracle Products for Batch and Online
- Hardware, Operating System, and IBM
- Summary
- Chapter 7: Batch Systems Re-architecture Technical Deep Dive
- Historical Reasons for Batch
- Requirements of a Batch System
- Top Five Batch Patterns
- Multi Record Type Files—Pure Batch File Processing
- Transaction Processing—Pure Autonomous Transactions
- Administrative Batch—Backup, Archiving
- Reporting—'Green Bar', Exception Handling, Error Handling
- Third-Party Interfaces—Internal and External Information Integration
- Technical View
- Optional Products
- Job Scheduler and BPEL Compared
- Implementation Process
- Recovery/Discovery Approaches
- Methodology
- Best practices
- Tooling
- Re-Design/Re-Factoring Approaches
- The Top-Down Approach
- The Bottom-up Approach
- The Hybrid Approach
- Repositories
- Relativity Repository
- Scheduler Repository
- OWB Repository
- ADF/OFM Repositories
- Re-Design/Re-Factoring for each Legacy Artifact Group
- Green Bar Reports
- Job Scheduler—UML Process Flow
- Business Flows
- COBOL Business Rules
- COBOL Data Access Logic
- Database and database schema
- Target Generation
- Oracle Implementation Tools and Source to Target Mapping
- Summary of Tools and Frameworks
- Source to Target Artifact Mapping
- Final Oracle Batch Architecture
- Scenario Description
- New Batch Design Pattern(s) in Oracle
- Summary
- Chapter 8: Online Systems Re-architecture Technical Deep Dive
- History and Evolution of Online Systems
- History of SOA and SaaS
- Top Five Online Patterns
- COBOL/CICS Applications Accessing VSAM and DB2 Databases
- COBOL and CICS
- DB2
- VSAM
- IMS/DC and IMS/TM
- COBOL, CICS, Assembler Applications Talking to Datacom or IDMS Database
- PL/I and CICS Applications Making Use of VSAM and DB2 as Data Store
- NATURAL and COBOL Applications Accessing an ADABAS Database
- Technical View
- Infrastructure Unique to Re-architecture
- Single Management Tool
- Single Security Model
- Development Tools
- Metadata Repositories
- Enterprise Information Integration (EII)
- Enterprise Application Integration (EAI)
- Transactions
- Infrastructure Not Required for Legacy SOA Integration
- UI Navigation
- Java EE Applications (EJB, Java, POJO, JSP, Servlets, JSF)
- Relational Database
- Grid Infrastructure (Grid Computing)
- Backup and Recovery
- Technologies Not Necessary for Legacy SOA Integration
- Business Rules
- Data and Business Services
- Technical View Infrastructure Components
- Capacity Planning Tools
- Application Development Tools
- Testing Tools
- Tape Management
- Human Error Recovery
- Network Architecture/Protocol
- Implementation Process—Online Systems
- Presentation/User Interface
- Recovery/Discovery
- UI Navigation
- Recovery/Discovery
- Re-Design/ Re-Factor
- Oracle Implementation Tools and Source to Target Mapping
- Summary of Tools and Frameworks
- Development Life Cycle Support Tools
- Source to Target Artifact Mapping
- Final Oracle On-line Architecture
- Scenario Details
- New Online Design Pattern in Oracle
- Presentation
- UI Navigation
- Application Server
- Information and Business Services
- Relational Database
- Summary
- Chapter 9: Re-Architecture—Scenario in Detail
- Oracle Software Required
- UML and Screen Flow Diagrams
- Source Application
- Oracle Target Architecture
- Application Mining Using Relativity
- Mining the User Interface and Navigation-Tiers
- Capturing the Legacy User Interface
- Legacy User Interface Discovery
- Screen Navigation Discovery
- Forward Engineering
- Mining Business Rules
- Prerequisites
- Identifying the Business Rules
- Using Pattern Search
- Searching Validation Rules
- Using Backward Auto-Detection
- Putting it Together
- Forward Engineering into Oracle and Java EE
- Producing the Target User Interface and Navigation
- Running the Presentation-Tier Mock-up in Oracle Application Server
- Deploying to the Oracle Application Server
- Running the Application
- Producing the Target Business Rules
- Creating the Rules Repository and Dictionary
- Creating Ruleset
- Java Fact—Adding the Java Fact Class to the Rules Author
- Adding the Rule
- Calling the Business Rules from Java EE and BPEL
- Automatic Business Rules Generation Using Java Code
- Data Migration—A Quick, Easy, and a Cost-Effective Approach
- Summary
- Chapter 10: Introduction to Re-Host based Modernization Using Tuxedo
- Re-Hosting Based Modernization
- Critical Success Factors in Mainframe Re-hosting
- Preserving Application Logic and Data
- Online Transaction Processing Environment
- User Interface Migration
- Workload Monitoring and Management
- Batch Jobs
- Files and Databases
- Mainframe DB2
- IMS
- VSAM
- Meeting Performance and Other QoS Requirements
- Phased Migration and Mainframe Integration
- SOA Enabling Re-hosted Applications
- Further Re-architecture of Re-hosted Applications
- Summary
- Chapter 11: Legacy Modernization—The Future
- Green Computing
- Standards Organizations
- Object Modeling Group (OMG)
- WC3
- Model Driven Architecture (MDA)
- Challenges with the Traditional Approach
- The MDA/MDM Approach
- Cloud Computing
- Grid Computing
- Virtualization
- Application Fabrics
- Extreme Processing
- Summary
- Appendix A: Technology Glossary
- Common Legacy Acronyms
- PCI Security Standards
The best thing about this book is that it will give you the assurance that you will learn as much information as you can.
It is definitely the deepest book on the topic that I have seen different approaches to modernization of legacy systems
- Determine your short and long term modernization strategies and know how to look for the right business and technology drivers in your organization
- Understand when and why you would choose the modernization options of SOA Integration and Re-architecture
- Architect an Oracle-based platform for you modernized legacy system
- Know the best approaches to take to transform your application from a rigid, monolithic system to an agile, adaptable application based on Oracle and SOA
- Quickly SOA-enable your legacy mainframe application using legacy SOA Integration
- Use the hands-on SOA Integration example that walks you through the entire development process as a starting point for your own pilot project
- Use the hands-on Re-architecture example that focuses on forward engineering business rules, presentation tier, and screen navigation from the legacy system into an Oracle platform as a starting point for your own pilot project
- Dive into the future of legacy modernization based upon industry trends such as Extreme Transaction Processing (XTP), Grid computing, Cloud computing, etc.
In Detail..
Who this book is for
Legacy system architects, project managers, program managers, developers, database architects and decision makers who own mainframe and heterogeneous systems, and are tasked with modernization will all find this book useful.
The book assumes some knowledge of mainframes, J2EE, SOA, and Oracle technologies. The reader should have some background in programming and database design.
<|endofexample|>
- Subscribe
- Magazine
- Contract Packaging
- Education
- Packaging Leaders
- Calendar of Events
Download this free, 84-page Flexible Packaging Playbook jam-packed with strategies for success, best practices, and pitfalls to avoid. Learn more »
Article | April 7, 2011
Hamburger assembly, packaging gets synchronized
Kepak Group, one of Ireland’s leading food processing companies, is now benefiting from a new assembly and packaging line for its Rustlers brand of microwavable hamburger-and-bun products in which every individual unit responds flexibly to the product flow in the upstream and downstream sections of the line.
By.
Compared to Kepak’s previous, semi-automated packaging system, this concept has made a considerable difference in the line’s average output performance. Since temporary delays in one section of the line are automatically compensated for without the need for buffering systems, the line has reached a speed of 88 packs/min.Before changing over to the new line in spring 2010, Kepak employed six operators every shift to place burgers in buns and insert them, together with a sachet of sauce and a slice of prepacked cheese, into formed blisters on a Multivac () R 530 horizontal thermoform/fill/seal machine.To improve productivity and output, Kepak enlisted turnkey supplier IPS International Packaging Systems (). The original product brief stipulated 80 products/min. To achieve this output, it was not enough for the individual line components to be working at the specified speed; the whole concept hinged on perfect coordination of the different processes.There were two hurdles to overcome. First, the thermoformed blisters are manufactured in the Multivac machine in an intermittent operating mode, while the rest of the line’s transport system is continuous. Both motion principles had to be synchronized.The inclusion of the three ingredients—meat, cheese, and sauce—in loose form presented a further challenge. The standard procedure used to sort these ingredients entails a high degree of mechanical components. The inevitable fluctuations in product flow that result from this type of machine-based solution tend to suppress overall output, making the stipulated 80 meals/min impossible to achieve.IPS met these challenges with an integrated system that includes TLM pick-and-place machines from Schubert () and, to ensure a continuously high loose-product output, feeding systems from Intellifeed (). The Intellifeed systems precisely regulate product spacing using stepper motors in a roller transport system..
This procedure guarantees sortation at a continuously high output level without the need for buffering. The speed is important for two reasons. First, it provides a high output, and second, it ensures that the burgers are processed quickly enough to prevent thawing. The cheese slices are also easier to process when cold. An increase in temperature can cause the slices to begin sticking to each other. Overhead light scanners integrated upstream from the transfer point to the assembly and packaging line provide the necessary quality assurance. The color scanner supplies a three-dimensional picture of the buns, burgers, sauce sachets, and cheese. As well as evaluating the precise position and rotational angle of the items, the sensors also compare surface dimensions and contour data to operator-specified values and transmit this information to the robots.
The first section of the assembly and packaging line comprises two TLM machine frames housing four TLM-F4 four-axis robot units. The buns enter the line on a wide product conveyor after being cut open by an upstream bun saw. Each robot then takes responsibility for a different task in sequence. The first robot lifts the lid of the bun and places it alongside its base on the conveyor. The next picks up a frozen burger and places it on the base. The third replaces the lid onto the base, and the last robot transfers the assembled hamburger onto a conveyor. The conveyor carries the products to the next stage of the process, where it runs alongside the thermoforming machine.
The next two TLM machine frames are placed above the film web of the tf/f/s machine and the conveyor, and include two robots. The first, a four-axis TLM-F44 robot comprising two TLM-F4 pickers, inserts a sauce sachet and then a cheese slice into a formed blister, after which a two-axis TLM-F2 robot with special end-of-arm tooling picks up eight hamburgers at a time from the conveyor and positions them into eight film cavities. The thermoforming machine then seals the packs with film lidding and finally punches the packs out of the web, ready for downstream processes.
All the units involved in the process—from the bun saw through to the thermoforming machine—are linked to the TLM line by means of signal exchange and a speed target value. Data exchange is organized on the level of the Schubert VMS control system. The units react through the VMS control system to any product-flow disruptions taking place on other parts of the line. If, for instance, the supply of burgers stops due to rejection of several products by the vision system, then the VMS control system slows down the dependent processes briefly until the quality target values are restored. The overall sequence is maintained, and no rejects are produced. In a conventional system without regulation capability, the inability to react results first in quality problems (hamburgers with no burger) and finally in a machine stop.
The optimized process-management concept from IPS has permitted the thermoforming machine cycle to be increased to 88 products/min. Changeover to accommodate five different varieties of Rustlers products takes no more than five minutes: three minutes to exchange the five tools at the TLM-F4 robot arms and select the program at the TLM display, and depending on the packaging, another two minutes to change the film in the thermoforming machine. The overall line is configured in a wash-down design, permitting high water-pressure cleaning using detergents.
E-BOOK SPECIAL REPORT
45 Best Package Designs
Sign up to receive timely updates from our editors and download this e-book consisting of our editors' picks of most notable package designs.
x
Add new comment
<|endofexample|>
Jackky Bhagnani & Rituparna Sengupta announces “ItzCash Prepaid Card is the currency, The birth of ItzCash is the definitive story of "Necessity being the mother of all invention,” the case in point being; How to collect payments from customers who want to renew their DTH subscription leading to the invention of a simple pre-paid card of a fixed denominations which could be used to renew, the subscription. The thought process then continued towards, innovating the pre-paid payments sphere thus facilitating payment for a variety of products and services.
Mr. Jackky Bhagnani (Actor) adds, "I’m so glad to be a part of the ItzCash powered festival, Wassup Andheri. Art and entertainment lovers experienced a different way of transacting cashless with at this event. The attempt to go cashless is innovative and yet very smart way to manage your monies in the form of Prepaid Card because it is safe and secure and you don’t have to carry cash around. Its priceless to see events using technology with art and entertainment".
Ms. Rituparna Sengupta’s said that the "Itzcash prepaid card at Wassup festival has some invaluable features . I’m glad the company is attempting to make day to day transactions for the customers as easy as we could think of. Be it sending domestic monies to anyone , making bill payments , doing online shopping or gifting your loved ones. The company offers variety of products".
<|endofexample|>
hey mak, im looking for a freak back for an sp8, i was told ya mite have some in stock. if so will ya gimmi a shout, just i cud'nt find it on ur shop site. jus pm me the price an ur paypal details an il sort ya out
tanx a mill, will see you on sunday
Perfect, will get some in for you.
hey, im running the bravo one at the moment. il be looking for a box of Formula 13.
Sparky, yeah I will be there, as well as sponsor I also play for the Viking Raiders, just let me know what paint you are after, what marker are you running at the moment as that could well vary the paint you get, some are more picky than others!
hey mak, im playing with northern conquest on the 11th in bray. im just wondering will you be down. im looking to get sum paint
Mak cheers for that it worked perfect .
yep yep be there or be square, woooohoooo goooo waaan the vikings
Regular Member
Senior Member
I'm new here
Forum Master
Elite Member
<|endofexample|>
The First Word in Protective & Marine Coatings
A Product of Technology Publishing / PaintSquare
JPCL | PaintSquare News
| Durability + Design
| Paint BidTracker
May 14 - May 20, 2012
VOC and other government regulations
the green building movement
advances in materials science and other technology
the recessionin
Join SSPC and Enhance Your Career !.;
<|endofexample|>
Provided that no person shall subscribe, whether as proposer or as seconder,
more than one nomination paper at any one election.
Provided that no further nomination shall be necessary in the case of a
candidate whose nomination was valid at the time of the countermanding
of the poll:
Provided further that no person who has under paragraph 6 of the this Schedule
given notice of withdrawal of his candidature before the countermanding
of the poll shall be ineligible for being nominated as a candidate for
the election after such countermanding.
Explanation: In this paragraph, "total number of seats" includes seats
reserved for non-Muslims and women.
<|endofexample|>
Institute Professor Focuses on Michelangelo's Architecture
In addition to teaching her course on Villas and Gardens, Professor and Architect Silvia Catitti is fast becoming renowned for her new research on Michelangelo’s architecture. In 2007 she co-curated an exhibition of his architectural drawings, “Michelangelo at San Lorenzo,” at the Michelangelo Museum of Casa Buonarroti (Florence). In the catalogue she presented a new analysis of the Laurentian Library and of some of the most celebrated architectural drawings by the master.
In October 2008 Professor Catitti was invited to give a talk at the interdisciplinary Symposium “Rethinking Michelangelo,” organized by Syracuse University (New York), on occasion of the exhibition “Michelangelo: The Man and the Myth.” Analyzing a number of autograph drawings of doors and windows, she illustrated Michelangelo’s highly personal use of the language of classical architecture, one free of mathematical formulae and philosophical abstractions.
Three months later, in January 2009 Professor Catitti gave a talk at the conference
“Michelangelo and the Language of Architectural Drawings,” organized by the German Institute of Art History in Florence. On that occasion worldwide specialists on Michelangelo’s architectural drawings had a stimulating opportunity to compare their methodologies. As a architectural historian and practicing architect, Professor Catitti discussed her approach. She considered the role of drawings in Michelangelo’s effort to design and carry out the architectural elements of his buildings, from the initial design idea to the executed piece.
More recently, in May 2009 Silvia Catitti gave a talk at the conference “San Lorenzo: A Florentine Church,” held at Villa I Tatti, the Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies. She illustrated her recent research and findings on the famous Laurentian Library. This conference will lead to an interdisciplinary book for which Professor Catitti will contribute two chapters on
the Canonry of San Lorenzo and the Library.
Her next appointment with Michelangelo will be at the Dutch Institute for Art History in Florence, directed by Palazzo Rucellai professor Michael Kwakkelstein. On June 26 Professor Catitti will speak on “Michelangelo’s Approach to Architecture: From Design to Construction.” When he was working on his earliest architectural projects, was Michelangelo acting as an architect or as a sculptor? The very personal way in which he drew, designed, and organized the building site reveals Michelangelo’s approach to architecture.
<|endofexample|>
Who doesn’t LOVE something free from time to time? Enjoy these free downloads and remember:
You may use these files for PERSONAL USE ONLY. Mass production, file sharing and commercial use of these files are not allowed. You cannot resell this file or the finished product(s). All rights reserved by Palm Beach Parties.
TEACHER APPRECIATION NOTECARDS
VALENTINE COLLECTION
<|endofexample|>
Send this story
Print this story
Adjust text size
Letters
Rail costs understated-cents-per-mile figure is used the HSR system will require a yearly
Kingsley
<|endofexample|>
Is Your Family Ready for a Natural Disaster?
Posted on May 2, 2011 | 1 comment
Planning ahead for an emergency such as a fire or an earthquake can mean the difference between coping with disaster and falling victim to it. If a natural disaster struck today, would you be ready?
To best prepare for the unexpected, according to the American Red Cross, follow three key steps:
- Assemble a disaster kit
- Have a plan
- Be informed
Having a disaster plan includes posting emergency phone numbers and numbers of relatives near your phone and practicing escape routes from your home. It’s also a good idea to choose two emergency meeting places: One right outside your home and one outside your neighborhood. In addition, keep contact information for an out-of-town friend who can help reunite separated family members.
In the event of a disaster that forces families to “shelter in place,” a plentiful water supply is critical. You should stock one gallon of water per person per day.
A good disaster kit should be more than a first-aid kit. In addition to first-aid supplies, also include:
- Water
- Non-perishable food to last at least three days
- A manual can opener
- An extra pair of eye glasses
- Medical insurance cards
- Prescription medicines
- Cash
- A battery-powered radio
- Flashlights with extra batteries
Identify how local authorities will notify you during a disaster and familiarize yourself with the latest disaster-preparedness advice, especially for the events most likely to strike where you live.
In the Bay Area, earthquakes may first come to mind when we think of disasters but we should also prepare for fires, floods, and other events In the event of a fire. It is critical to have a fire extinguisher easily accessible and know the quickest escape route from your home.
To prepare for an earthquake, secure any large pieces of furniture such as cabinets, TVs, and shelves. During an earthquake, remember to “Drop, Cover, and Hold On.” Drop to the floor, take shelter under a sturdy piece of furniture such as a desk or table, and hold on to it firmly.
A To-Go Box of Essential Information
If you need to evacuate — and have time to gather valuables — take copies of important family papers such as birth, marriage, and death certificates; prescriptions; health and insurance information; bank account and credit card numbers. Also bring keys, driver’s licenses, passports, and work ID badges.
If you’re interested in getting involved locally in emergency preparedness, check with your local Red Cross chapter. Many cities have formed preparedness networks to get organized in case of a disaster.
Learn more about safety readiness at the American Red Cross website.
Tips and information in this blog post provided by Jim Schweikhard, Environmental Health and Safety Manager for the Palo Alto Medical Foundation and Mills-Peninsula Health Services.
One Comment
If you liked this article, you may also like:
Can’t Find the Keys Again? Tips to Improve Memory Breakthrough Treatment for Severe Adult Asthma Seven Tips Toward Better Fitness
Great site. A lot of useful information here. I’m sending it to some friends!
<|endofexample|>
PanARMENIAN.Net - FC Spartak Moscow forward Yura Movsisyan commented on the match of the 20th round of the Russian Championship against FC Terek Grozny.
“We scored three points, and I did a hat-trick. That’s fantastic,” he said.
“After the match, the team presented me with a ball with the players’ signatures. That’s the first goal I scored as part of FC Spartak,” sovsport.ru quoted Movsisyan as saying.
“The hat-trick was a complete surprise for me. That’s was the first hat-trick in my professional career,” Movsisyan said.
Armenia's Greco-Roman wrestling team headed by Olympic champion Levon Julfalakyan came back home with one gold and two bronze winners.
<|endofexample|>
Video Interviews
Interview with Dr. Stephanie
Q. Hancox, a clinical psychologist, who has been practicing Pangu Shengong
since October 2010. In this interview, she shares with us the
benefits she personally receives from her daily PGSG practice.
She also discusses how she applies her learning from Pangu
Shengong, on a daily basis, in her role as a clinical
psychologist.
Fern Israel
is a psychotherapist, long time yoga practitioner and qigong
practitioner. In this interview, Israel tells us how Pangu
Shengong (PGSG) improves her osteoporosis, helps her family
members and patients to improve their physical health and mental
health.
"The more Pangu
Shengong I do the more good things happen in my life..."
Dr. Kim Peterson, a chiropractor, has been practicing Pangu
Shengong since 2001. In this interview, she shares with us how
her diligent practice keeps her children and herself in the
state of excellent health and bliss.
<|endofexample|>
ASA rules apply.
Classes available: Open, Hunter, Traditional, and Youth.
10:00a Shotgun Start for all daytime shoots
Coon Shoot will start 10 minutes after complete darkness. Rules for Coon shoots will be posted prior to the scheduled shoot.
PAC
Panhandle Archers for Christ
For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten son, that whosoever believes in Him, should not perish, but have eternal life.
John 3:16
2012 Shoot schedule
March 10th
Benefit Shoot for Orphanage in India
Rays of Cross Ministry -- Orphanage
Each dollar PAC raises, translates into $53 for the Orphanage. The orphanage houses over 100 children. Money will be used to supply them with clothes, shoes, food, and school supplies as well as bibles.
April 21st
May 12th
June 30th
July 28th
August 17th
COON SHOOT
September 15th
October 6th
HUNTER SHOOT
There will be NO OPEN class for this
shoot. ALL other classes will be available.
<|endofexample|>
>>
Weightlifting Boy Lenticular$4.95
Chain Pattern$6.95
Solid Gold Album$6.95
Sound Chihuahua Asleep on Chaise$6.95
Mixed Drinks$5.95
Frog & Cupcake Lenticular$4.95
Whimsy Flowers with Quote$5.95
Orange Pink Pattern Tip-On$5.95
Girl on Merry Go Round Pink Splash$4.95
Young As You Let Yourself Be Pink Splash$4.95
Birthday Cake Green Splash$4.95
Row of Lipstick Red Splash$4.95
Wine Bottle & Bag$6.95
Mouse Holding Cake$6.95
Ballerina Music Box$5.95
The Boys Mafia Humor$3.95
Birthday Cakes Pop-Up$6.95
Every Candle on Your Cake$6.95
Life is Celebrating the Moment Watercolor$6.95
Best Thing About You Watercolor$6.95
<|endofexample|>
Your locally owned and operated Christian bookstore
We're sorry, but your search didn't generate any matches.
Please make sure your search term is spelled correctly.
It is best to narrow your search as much as possible, unless you want to see ALL the titles for an entire subject. Choose terms that will best indentify the product you are looking for.
For example, if you are looking for Chris Tomlin's worship CD Hello Love, a general search for worship music will produce a very large list. A search for Chris Tomlin will provide a smaller list, but will include all his songbooks and accompaniment tracks as well as his CDs. A search for Chris Tomlin Hello Love will produce a more accurate reflection of what you are looking for.
Or, a search for Veggie Tales will include a lot of DVDs, CDs, toys, and books. You can narrow that search down by selecting the appropriate binding or format from the left side of your screen.
The search results are automatically sorted by relevance. You can re-sort the results by popularity, price, alphabetically, or by publication date by selecting a different choice from the "sort by" drop down menu in the right hand side of the screen.
<|endofexample|>
HER. In addition to Itanium systems, Virtuozzo software also supports servers using x86 processors..
<|endofexample|>
(6)
- Doornenburg (1)
- Duiven (14)
- Elst (17)
- Haalderen (1)
- Huissen (8)
- Loo Gld (1)
- Oosterbeek (25)
- Rozendaal (2)
- Velp Gld (8)
- Westervoort (12)
-
-(467 results) Page 1 of 36
- Apartment Bastionstraat - Arnhem Centrum
€ 775,- per month (exclusive)
Interior: Furnished or UnfurnishedFloor space (m²): 90 m2
Apartment offered by: Dieperink Vastgoed
- Apartment Steenstraat - Arnhem Spijkerkwartier
€ 450,- per month (inclusive) 1 bedroom - 25 m2 - Furnished
Near the city centre and trainstation 'velperpoort' in the Steenstraat situated furnished studio. If you don't want to stay in a hotelroom because...
Apartment offered by: Executive Home Rentals
- Apartment Klarenbeekstraat - Arnhem Klarendal
€ 575,- per month (exclusive)
Interior: UnfurnishedFloor space (m²): 45 m2
Apartment offered by: NederWoon verhuurmakelaar...
- Family house Landgraafstraat - Arnhem De Laar
€ 836,- per month (exclusive) 4 bedrooms - 129 m2 - Shell
Description: the property to the landgrave street 20 is located in the district laar-east Arnhem-south. The quiet residential area adjacent to the...
Family house offered by: Actys Wonen Arnhem
- Kruidenhof / Engelwortelstraat Arnhem Advertisement
Starting from € 730,- per month More information on: Kruidenhof / Engelwortelstraat Arnhem5
- Apartment Cattepoelseweg - Arnhem Alteveer en Cranevelt
€ 2.200,- per month (exclusive) 3 bedrooms - 210 m2 - Unfurnished
The luxurious complex 'residence diepenbrock' offers this magnificent corner apartment. The main characteristics include tranquility, spaciousness...
Apartment offered by: Executive Home Rentals
- Studio Graaf Lodewijkstraat - Arnhem Sint Marten en Sonsbeek Zuid
€ 496,- per month (inclusive)
Interior: UnfurnishedFloor space (m²): 25 m2
Studio offered by: Citytrend Huurmakelaars
- Apartment Johan de Wittlaan - Arnhem Spijkerkwartier
€ 800,- per month (exclusive) 2 bedrooms - 95 m2 - Unfurnished
In the apartmentcomplex 'de symphony', located at the fifth floor, spacious 2-bedroom apartment with balcony. In the complex are a primary school...
Apartment offered by: Executive Home Rentals
- Family house Pythagorasstraat - Arnhem Rijkerswoerd
€ 1.200,- per month (exclusive) 5 bedrooms - 140 m2 - Unfurnished
In a child friendly neighborhood in rijkerswoerd located familyhouse. The house is within a short distance from public transport facilities,...
Family house offered by: Executive Home Rentals
- Apartment Bakkerstraat - Arnhem Centrum
€ 695,- per month (exclusive)
Interior: UnfurnishedFloor space (m²): 60 m2
Apartment offered by: Immo-Rent.nl
- Family house Ulrumpad - Arnhem Vredenburg en Kronenburg
€ 725,- per month (exclusive) 4 bedrooms - 120 m2 - Unfurnished
Big family house in vredenburg child friendly neighborhood with a park at the front. Located near a kindergarten and several shops and schools within...
Family house offered by: Huurstek
- Room Spijkerstraat - Arnhem Spijkerkwartier
€ 375,- per month (inclusive)
Interior: UnfurnishedFloor space (m²): 20 m2
Room offered by: Citytrend Huurmakelaars
- Studio Parkstraat - Arnhem Spijkerkwartier
€ 700,- per month (inclusive)
Interior: UnfurnishedFloor space (m²): 45 m2
Studio offered by: Citytrend Huurmakelaars
- Family house Winterjan - Arnhem Schuytgraaf
€ 1.250,- per month (exclusive) 4 bedrooms - 150 m2 - Furnished
On a beautiful location in the district bloesemgaerd (area schuytgraa) family house. There are a lot of green areas and ample space for parking. ...
Family house offered by: Executive Home Rentals:
<|endofexample|>
Pregnancy at 20, 30, 40
How being pregnant changes with age
most popular questions
- Getting through a winter pregnancy can be easy with our experts' advice
- How to deal with the emotional rollercoaster
- Deciding when to have the amniocentesis is crucial as it may affect baby's development. Find out when it is recommended
- Bacterial Vaginosis (BV) can cause preterm birth. Read on for testing and prevention methods against this common vaginal infection.
-
- Moms get vaccinated against whopping cough, whooping cough vaccine, immunization, mom health, newborn health
- My husband had a vasectomy 4 years ago. I am extremely regular in my cycle, however this month I am
- My sister in law is due in july, I'm due in september. We are both having boys. She's been raving ab
- I have missed my period and i tested on the day of my first missed period and it was negitive should
- My husband thinks I'm pregnant and He was right the last time. I'm having alot of symptoms but my la
<|endofexample|>
Ask Our Experts
Got Questions? We've got answers from experts and parents who've been there.
Expertssee all experts
How often should I burp my baby?
For most babies, burping midway through the feeding and afterward will release any air bubbles that can trigger gas. Try burping your baby during his natural pauses in feeding, such as when he slows down after finishing the first breast. While a few babies need to be burped more frequently, many parents make the mistake of disrupting feedings with unnecessary attempts at burping. This prolongs the feeding time, frustrating a hungry baby, which can increase air swallowing. Trapped air can cause immediate discomfort, make a baby feel full before he.
The answers from our experts are for educational purposes only. Please always refer to your child's pediatrician and mental health expert for more in-depth advice.
<|endofexample|>
Get a real time evaluation of your trade here. Tired of seeing the low trade-in values of your car, truck or SUV?
Park Automall has teamed up with AutoTrader Trade-in Market Place to determine the actual value of your vehicle. The number presented to you is guaranteed by AutoTrader.
Simply click below and begin the process. After you enter all of the reuired information, you will get an instant quote as to what your vehicle is worth. It's important to note that Park Auto Mall will also purchase your vehicle from you even if you don't purchase a vehicle from them.
Apply For Credit:
If you are intersted in purchasing a vehicle and you want to speed up the buying process feel free to submit a credit application right here from our website. It's fast and easy!
Know Your Payments:
Now that you know your car's trade in value try our payment calculator too see what kinfd of payments you are comfortable with.
<|endofexample|>
HPHS on Lockdown After Shells Found
This email came from the district minutes ago:
Highland Park High School is in lockdown after a box of .22-caliber shells were found in a boys bathroom. Police are investigating. Students are not being released at this time.
More details as we get them.
Update at 12:45: Our own Chris McGathey is on the scene, and he said students have been sent home.
By Dan Koller Feb. 27, 2013 | 11:08 am | 11 Comments | Comments RSS
11 comments to "HPHS on Lockdown After Shells Found"
I believe that police are doing all they can, but in lieu of having an office stationed in each bathroom, what else can you do? Camera’s are already located outside the bathrooms, and you are just infringing on others privacy with any further actions you take. How the action of one or several effects many.
While the school seems to be handling this the best they can, there wasn’t an active, uniform policy re: cell phones in yesterday’s lockdown. My child was able to text me, but I know a few parents whose children were prohibited from using their phones for the entire lockdown. In this day and age, kids need to be allowed to text parents during such events. Especially when the lockdown is roughly 2 hours long.
<|endofexample|>
In Part I of my Sundance article series I wrote about the ASCAP Music Cafe and all the wonderful performances I got to see. Now I want to talk about the films – the heart of the Sundance Film Festival. This is my first official winter living in Park City and my first official Sundance experience. Luckily, my co-worker and friend, Jaci, is an established local and she knew how to go about getting tickets. I have to give her a special shout out for waiting 2+ hours in line to get our tickets, as well as waiting even longer to get Best of Fest tickets. Also, as an official Sundance Provider, Park City Lodging, Inc. is given a handful of movie tickets, which are then passed out to employees on a first come, first serve basis. Needless to say, I think I was pretty spoiled this Sundance…
- ohh yeah…
Thursday, Jan. 19 – In fact, I was the first responder, and therefore, secured two tickets to the opening night movie premier of Hello I Must Be Going at the Eccles Theatre, as well as two tickets to the opening night party at the Legacy Lodge at the base of Park City Mountain Resort.
Legacy Lodge Party
Hello I Must Be Going, directed by Todd Louiso, stars Melanie Lynskey, Blythe Danner, Christopher Abbott, John Rubinstein, Dan Futterman and Julie White. This film was submitted in the Dramatic Competition and I thought it was going to be a little boring; but I have to admit, the film is quite funny, quirky and kept me interested. Without spilling the beans, the story revolves around a woman (Melanie Lynskey), in her mid-thirties, divorced and has to move back home with her parents. She starts a secret love affair with a younger (much younger) boy and the story unfolds from there. The best part of the films at Sundance?… the Q&A session with the actors and director after the film is over. Once this concluded, we hoped on the bus and headed to Legacy Lodge, which is at the base of Park City Mountain Resort, for the opening night party presented by Stella Artois. The line was crazy long, so we pulled a MacGyver and sneaked in the back door. Free Grey Goose Vodka and all you can drink Stella showering from the bar and into the hands of the attendees, as well as mini apps were served. Photographers were everywhere, but unfortunately I had no celeb sightings. I did get to meet some producers and fellow Sundancers. That’s the coolest thing about the Sundance Film Festival… no matter where you are, you’re bound to meet someone and spark a cool conversation with them. These are the things you don’t forget…
Ai Weiwei's famous hand gesture
Tuesday, Jan. 24 – Film: Ai WeiWei: Never Sorry. I have to (sadly) admit, I’m 26 years old and this was the first movie I’d ever seen by myself. The experience itself was quite awesome and one that I will repeat… and I couldn’t have asked for a more moving and inspiring film. If you don’t know who Ai Weiwei is, get your head out of the clouds and get your Google on. This documentary film – directed, produced and co-edited by Alison Klayman – follows the life of Ai Weiwei, “China’s most famous international artist, and its most outspoken domestic critic” (). It’s a film that makes you look at life from a different perspective and realize that while majority of people are living in their social “bubbles,” there are other people in the world who are taking action to make a difference – to stand up for the rights for mankind… for you. This film won the US Documentary Special Jury Prize for Spirit of Defiance. I highly encourage you to learn about this man, to read about his impact, view his artwork, to see this film and to keep yourself informed on what’s going on in the world. Unfortunately, Ai Weiwei was not able to attend the film himself due to a prior arrest by the Chinese police and government, but the film spoke for itself. I immediately joined his Facebook page and signed up to receive emails and notifications. I hope this film moves you… in a positive direction.
Thursday, Jan. 26 – Film: Big Boys Gone Bananas, a film by Fredrick Gertten, is another documentary that makes you think… think about the practices of big corporations, how they treat their employees – and the products they produce and sell – and then you consume. Big Boys Gone Bananas follows the Swedish Filmmakers Fredrick Gertten and Margarete Jangård as they are sued by the Dole Food Company for their first documentary Bananas, which was selected to premier at the 2009 Los Angeles Film Festival. After we saw this film we immediately went home, turned on Netflix and watched the prequel, Bananas. I recommend seeing both films and doing your research about the corporations you support. Needless to say, I don’t buy Dole products anymore… but you should see the film(s) and make your own judgment… just sayin’.
Movie Poster
Friday, Jan 27 – Film: We’re Not Broke, directed and produced by Karin Hayes and Victoria Bruce, Executive Producer, Charles Davidson. This is a documentary that tells the story of “U.S. corporations dodging billions of dollars in income tax, and how seven fed-up Americans take their frustration to the streets…and vow to make the corporations pay their fair share.” () This is another film that looks at the practices of big corporations in America, and I was highly disturbed and angry after seeing this film. I don’t want to sound like a cynic, but these films truly make you think about what’s going on the world and sometimes what you find out isn’t always so pleasant. We are living in a time and age where people are going back to the streets, signs in hand and protesting government for change. This is one of those films that makes you want to grab a sign and join the crowd…
Sundance Film Festival – Best of Fest
Monday, Jan. 30 – The Best of Fest Films are selected by the audience; hence, the audience awards. At each film you see, you are given a ballot and are asked to rate the film from one to four stars. After the Festival ends, the Sundance Institute presents complimentary screenings of award-winning films to locals in Salt Lake, Park City, Sundance Resort and Ogden. The screenings are free and we must pick up our tickets on a first-come, first-served basis. You don’t know which film you’re seeing until the winners are announced and the schedule is posted. Based off the tickets we received, we were selected to see The Invisible War, which won the Audience Award: Documentary, and Searching for Sugar Man, which won the World Cinema Audience Award: Documentary. To view a complete list of films that won awards, click here.
When we found out we were getting the opportunity to see Searching for Sugar Man, directed by Malik Bendjelloul, we couldn’t have been more thrilled. There was a lot of hype about this movie, and we actually got to see the main character, Rodriguez, perform live at the ASCAP Music Cafe before seeing the film, which was kind of like witnessing a little piece of history. The film was everything I thought it would be and more. Uplifting, great music and overall, a mind-blowing story. Rodriguez is a rock musician who had his chance for stardom back in the 70s, but for some odd reason his music did not sell in the U.S. He stops making records and works in labor and construction for the next 30 years while living in Detroit. In the meantime, he becomes insanely popular in South Africa – I’m talking bigger than Elvis. A few people start to get curious on who this Rodriguez guy is, yet there is no information on the man. And there’s even rumors that he killed himself or died. To make a long story short, the men go on a journey to find out more about the “Sugar Man,” and where it leads them is an amazing and crazy surprise! Imagine living this ordinary life, working hard to make ends meat in Detroit, a simple and humble life; meanwhile, you’re more famous than Elvis in another part of the world. GREAT. FILM. And GREAT MUSIC. Google, download, listen and enjoy. Click here to visit the official website.
The Invisible War was a different experience than that of Searching for Sugar Man. This film, directed by Kirby Dick, exposes the ugly truth that takes place in the U.S. Military – rape and sexual assault against not only women, but men as well. It was hard to watch this film at times because it’s hard to believe the rate of occurrence, the number of incidents that are ignored and many that aren’t reported because the women are threatened with loss of rank or even death. The film follows the lives of several women who formerly served in the Military as they share their stories and struggles. I had to hold back tears. It’s truly sad to see what these women (and men) are going through, as well as what our government is doing about it – or should I say, not doing about it. I encourage you to please learn more, visit the website (click here) and sign the petition to help stop this madness that has been going on for far too long in our very own Military… it’s sad, pathetic and heartbreaking. But it’s the truth. And it’s happening. Now. And you can take small actions to make a big difference.
This concluded my first official Sundance Film experience. As you read, I saw mostly documentaries. Some people don’t like to watch documentaries because they are “depressing” or “sad.” For me, documentaries are the truth, change, good and evil, pain and perseverance. Some films are sad, but what’s cool about documentaries is that you most likely have the opportunity to do something about it – to help push for change – for more good. We can always do better. Do more. And I can’t thank the Sundance Institute enough for giving filmmakers and artists the opportunity and platform to showcase their work to the world. It was truly an unforgettable week in Park City, Utah.
February 29th, 2012 at 5:31 am
It was a fabulous event like always.
The films were fantastic and the snow was starting to build up. Now I know that Park City has the luxurious resorts (see: ) yet it is a place for people from all walks of life.
<|endofexample|>
RSS FEED
RSS Feed for Neo Classical:
Author Bio: Holly Mulcahy
As Neo Classical’s second author, Ms. Mulcahy took over the column in June, 2007. After playing several years as a full-time violinist with the Richmond Symphony Orchestra, Ms. Mulcahy has enjoyed a productive career as a freelance violinist in Chicago, where she performs regularly with Music of the Baroque, the Chicago Opera Theater, and the Milwaukee Symphony. Prior to her job in Richmond, Ms. Mulcahy has served as a principal violin in several Regional Orchestras and as a substitute violinist with the Baltimore Symphony and the Washington Opera Orchestra. Additionally, Ms. Mulcahy has performed in the Grand Teton Music Festival since 2003.
When not performing, she divides her time between her love for cooking and her passion of keeping aquariums. Additionally, hiking, traveling, and playing with her three cats seem to fit into her busy schedule as well.
»
hollymulcahy@partialobserver.com
Most Popular by Holly Mulcahy
How Competition Could Revive Classical Music
When did classical music lose its competitive edge?
June 4, 2007
How To Alienate Your Audience in 10 Easy Steps: Musicians
A satirical look at how regular musicians negatively impact the future of classical music.
December 1, 2008
How To Alienate Your Audience In 10 Easy Steps: Audiences
A satirical look at how orchestra adience members can negatively impact their fellow ticket buyers.
February 2, 2009.
<|endofexample|>
We're sorry, but there appears to be an error with the page you are currently trying to access.
Please click here to visit Party City's home page.
If this problem persists, please contact our Customer Service department at info@partycity.com for assistance.
Sign up for emails to receive discounts onparty supplies and Halloween costumesfrom Party City.
<|endofexample|>
It is difficult to find a vendor in smaller cities. We have tried to identify as many cities as possible to help you with this research. If you look into our directory you will find listings into cities in Maryland such as: Annapolis, Baltimore, Cambridge - Easton, Cumberland, Frederick - Brunswick, Hagerstown, Montgomery County, Salisbury - Ocean.
<|endofexample|>
Extra Hands For Your Events
- Phone
- 508-643-4636(Gigi Halsing)
- Website
-
- ghalsing@hotmail.com
- Serving:
- Serving Boston MA
We help with the last minute preparations in the kitchen and setting up the tables. We serve the food, drinks, desserts and do all the clean up so you can sit back, relax and enjoy your guests.
<|endofexample|>
Request E20-021 exam here, you will be notified when it gets released.
Please provide your email address so we can contact you when requested E20-021 exam becomes available. Thanks!
Exam Number/Code: E20-021
Exam Name: Information Storage Security Design and Management Specialist Exam for Data Center Architects
"Information Storage Security Design and Management Specialist Exam for Data Center Architects", also known as E20-021 exam, is a EMC certification. With the complete collection of E20-021 Questions and Answers, Pass4sure has assembled to take you through Questions and Answers to your E20-021 Exam preparation. In the E20-021 exam resources, you will cover every field and category in E20-021 helping to ready you for your successful EMC Certification..
<|endofexample|>
Jack Turner
Alpine 2012
We owe our existence to the wild.
The wild permeates and sustains us; it is our home, though our increasingly unnatural lives, lives distracted by artifice, obscure that brute truth. The boundaries between our wild bodies and the wild cosmos are in fact imagined, and we feel the actual oneness – wander it, play with it, play in it, play through it – in the sports we love.
To drop into a crushing wave or paddle a frothing rapid, to sail into icy seas, to set forth on a sliver of ice with little or no protection – in all endeavors where there is no turning back, we expose ourselves to the spontaneity of creation and to forces more powerful than we are. The clutter, distraction, bureaucratic rules, control, management and conformity of our daily life shrink to irrelevancy. We discover what is beyond artifice – a direct confrontation with the natural world, the final exam, the blunt presentation of the self.
Evolution is an autonomous process and we are a product of it just as the butterfly and the shark are. Ecologists speak of autonomous ecosystems, though they admit they don’t have the slightest idea how to create one. Compound self-words are commonplace in science – self-replicating (DNA), self-regulation (Gaia), self-organization (the synchronized flight of birds) and self-similarity (snowflakes, river systems, mountain ranges). Ultimately, the cosmos is making itself; we’re but a minuscule part of the drama.
Autonomous systems pervade our bodies. Our autoimmune system decides what belongs here and what does not. The autonomic nervous system is not subject to our control, yet our heart beats, our lungs breathe, our synapses fire. There are ten times more microbial organisms in and on my body than human cells, and they are integrated, nested, active, self-organized ecosystems within the larger ecosystem community that is me. The late, great microbiologist Lynn Margulis recently described humans as “walking, talking microbial vats.”
We are also autonomous beings who cherish freedom, the opportunity to organize our lives as we see fit – to choose. And choice is key. Everything may be connected to everything else, but each being is unique, each event, each experience – you’ve never had it before and you’ll never have it again. But the self still must choose a path.
The wave you’re surfing? Each liter of seawater contains 10 billion viral particles, mostly bacteriophages. They kill 100 million metric tons of microbes every minute; their DNA is the most abundant on planet Earth. And your longboard is ripping right through it all. When you wipeout, you fall into them and they embrace you.
Still sucking air after the last pitch? That air contains viruses, bacteria, seeds, spores, pollen, algae, bits of spiders, aphids, beetles and mites – in addition to the innumerable particles courtesy of our civilization. The bacteria in your lungs – 2,000 of them per square centimeter – are sorting and absorbing the mess, and signaling to autophages in your cells to eat the bad guys raw.
The hand gripping your ice tool? Each carbon atom in your flesh, each calcium atom in your bones, each iron atom in your blood, each sodium and potassium atom in your neurons, the aluminum in the tool’s shaft, the steel in the tip – more carbon and iron – all were forged in the nuclear furnace of dying stars, some now billions of light-years away – and speeding farther away each moment. And yet you are still connected to them.
But still – wild, wandering play must be chosen. So act accordingly. Make the drop, leave the eddy, lunge into an irreversible move. Subvert, once again, for pure fun, the mind’s survival habits and society’s machinations.
<|endofexample|>
Back in the barrel or 20 feet down with speargun in hand, the R1® Back-Zip Short-Sleeved Spring Suit offers a blend of comfort and flexibility for unmatched warm water performance. Handmade with high-quality neoprene and a fast-drying recycled polyester lining, wetsuit features include an extended flap closure at the neck with PU-molded hook-and-loop closure for increased comfort, and a center-back zipper with crescent-shaped neoprene panel for a stronger seal and easier entry. All critical seams and stress areas are secured with glue dots, 1cm bartacks and Melco® reinforcements.
Details
- Handmade with high-quality neoprene that meets our rigorous standards for strength, durability and warmth
- Warm recycled polyester grid lining dries quickly and improves flexibility
-
- Glue dots, 1cm bartacks and Melco® reinforcements secure all high stress areas and critical seam locations
- Seams are single-needle blind-stitched to the outside with nylon-bonded thread, and triple-glued for extra durability and strength
- 2mm neoprene with a smooth recycled polyester jersey exterior and a recycled polyester grid lining
- 737 g (26 oz)
- Made in Thailand.
<|endofexample|>
Resources
Browse by:
INVENTOR
PATENT HOLDER
PATENT NUMBER
DATE
Display surface for tactile information
Image Number
Winding and time-setting control device for a timepiece movement
Emergency device
Handset
Gasket design for molding large gaskets in a deformed shape
Radio communication method and radio base station
Optical disk playback device with prescan functionality for early detection of surface imperfections
Method to assemble disk drive
Randomly Featured Patents
Dryer apparatus for boots and gloves
Reversible thermotropic plastics molding compound, method for its manufacture and its utilization
Positional offset measurement pattern unit featuring via-plug and interconnections, and method using such positional offset measurement pattern unit
Arrangement for controlling individual antennas of an antenna arrangement
Process for producing burgundy-colored flavored olives and product made thereby
Stereo graphics system based on depth-based image rendering and processing method thereof
Methods of forming images on an outer surface of a golf bag
Image processing apparatus, image processing method, and recording medium
Ionization smoke detector with increased operational reliability
Device for adjusting a sight
<|endofexample|>
M. Teresa had the determination of a terrier, and chps 4-6 illustrate this over and over in the book Come Be My Light.
Here’s the big picture. M. Teresa, to fulfill the mystical vision she got from Jesus about forming the Missionaries of Charity for the poorest of poor in Calcutta, had to get permissions at various levels:
Her vow as a Loreto sister had to be annulled since it was conventual.
Her spiritual director had to give her permission.
The Archbishop of India had to give her permission.
The Pope, or Rome, had to give her permission.
When she first told her director, Fr. Van Exem, he told her to keep the idea to herself for months. Then she was given permission to work with the Archbishop, a certain Perier. The latter simply wanted time to gain clarity of her motive and the will of God. He deliberated for a long, long time — about a year. Then Rome was slow and then she was saddled with some criticisms and some envy and some politics and it took a long, long time for her to have a vision and to establish a ministry.
The determination of M. Teresa is a powerful testimony of her will, her confidence in the vision, and her commitment not to let go until God had gained the upper hand. Her determination reflects her faith.
“Day after day,” she writes to the Archbishop, “hour after hour, He asks the same question: “Wilt thou refuse to do this for Me?” I tell Him that the answer is with you” (66).
The Archbishop both knew the power was in his hands and he knew as well that he had to discern God’s will for the missionary work in Calcutta. The time of testing drew out of M. Teresa clarity as to what the Missionaries of Charity would do: essentially they would sell out for God, their fires would burn for the missionary work to the poor, they would totally depend on God and identify with the poor.
Involved in this time of testing were some potent experiences of union with Christ. I think these times of union also influenced her perception of darkness: “There [where she was then residing] as if Our Lord just gave Himself to me — to the full. The sweetness & consolation & union of those 6 months passed but too soon” (83).
She speaks of a three-fold vision of being summoned by Jesus and the crowd of the poor to “Come,” of Mary’s words for her to “Bring them to Jesus — carry Jesus to them,” and a vision of darkness enveloping the crowd and words from Jesus and Mary to go to the crowd. “Will you refuse to do this for me?”
Once she gained approval, however, there were still challenges and tests. She got final permission from Rome on August 8, 1948. 9 days later, August 17, 1948, “clad in a white sari with a blue border, Mother Teresa … set out to begin a life as a Missionary of “Charity” (121). She chose to leave with just five rupees
Mother Teresa 3: Determination
M. Teresa had the determination of a terrier, and chps 4-6 illustrate this over and over in the book Come Be My Light.
- Jarrod Saul McKenna
- Ted Gossard
- Ted Gossard
- Diane
- Mark
- Mike Mercer
- John McBryde
- John W Frye
- John W Frye
- JACK
- Julia
- Julia
- Mike Mercer
- Patrick Hare
- Diane
- Fred
- Mike Mercer
- Fred
- JACK
- JACK
Follow Patheos
Evangelical:
<|endofexample|>
Halifax is a pretty and colorful city that I got to explore briefly over two days. Thanks to a half-day Your Cab minibus tour guided by Jonathan Duru, a first generation African-Canadian from Ghana, I got an in-depth insight into the communities from the past to the present.
In the shadow of the MacKay suspension bridge, we trod through Seaview Memorial Park off Barrington Road, where a memorial cairn stands in remembrance of the displaced settlers of Africville. What was in 1840 a community teeming with farmers, skilled laborers, and families on the coveted harbor lands, was turned into a rail yard and city garbage dump until residents were forcibly relocated in the 1960s. If your ancestors started out here, your relatives would have ended up in the tenements of northern Halifax.
The faces of former Africville residents can be glimpsed in a dedicated section of the Black Cultural Centre for Nova Scotia (BCC) in its sister city of Dartmouth. The BCC is purposely located at the corner of Cherry Brook Road, gateway to the 80-percent Afro-Canadian Cherry Brook community (Black communities are almost unheard of elsewhere in Canada). Names you’ll find in this community are Clayton, Gough, Sparks, Johnson and Bundy.
North Coast
If your family search reveals that you have distant relatives on the peninsula’s northern tip in Pictou County, 2010 is the year to come meet them. The New Glasgow Homecoming Committee holds a weeklong family and town reunion every five years in the community-built Africentric Heritage Park where a pyramid structure composed of stones gathered from Africa, Europe, the U.S. and Canada, represents the different paths the people took to get here.
Cape Breton
People with Barbadian origins will come closer to their roots by heading towards the eastern-most end of the province, Cape Breton. The Cape Breton Miners Museum commemorates the West Indians who came to Glace Bay to work in the coal mines and steel mills.
Learn to Sail
Get out of the Social Media rut and DO SOMETHING!
Travel with the Pathfinders Travel Group to historic Annapolis, Maryland for an overnight trip. Departing from Philadelphia
Calling all thrill seekers, active participants and those who just want to have fun. Get out of the Social Media rut and DO SOMETHING!
Learn to Sail in a half-day class
Overnight Hotel
Explore the beautiful Annapolis waterfront; See the Kunta Kinte/Alex Haley Memorial
Dine in the fabulous restaurants (on your own) or simply
Stroll the cobblestone streets while shopping
Departing Friday, July 12 @ 6:00 p.m.
Returning Saturday, July 13, Evening
Just $289 per person based on double occupancy, includes transportation, breakfast, overnight hotel and a half day sailing lesson.
Just $50 Reserves Your Space! Final payment due by June 12th
For information and payment arrangements contact:
Pathfinders Travel Magazine
6325 Germantown Avenue
Phone: (215) 438-2140
wthomas@pathfinderstravel.com for additional information or
Easy payment options
Final Payment due: June 13, 2013
Sponsored by Pathfinders Travel Magazine
The Magazine for Heritage and Culture Enthusiasts
And Sign up to be the FIRST to receive information on Pathfinders Tours to CUBA and South Africa!
New England and Canadian Cruising Aboard
Carnival Glory
By P.J. Thomas
The New England ports of Boston, Maine, and Halifax, Nova Scotia are popular with cruisers who love the convenience of driving to New York City. Here is a Canadian reenactor.
Over the past decade, cruise ship companies like Carnival Cruise Lines have expanded the number of U.S. ports in which they dock and convenient places to board now include New York City, Baltimore, Norfolk, Va., New Orleans, Galveston, Texas and Mobile, Alabama.
These locations allow travelers the opportunity to simply drive to the nearest port, park their cars in designated lots and step aboard the cruise ship, eliminating the additional expense of airfare.
In 2011, the Carnival Glory featured New England/Canadian cruises that are popular with travelers on both sides of the border.
Hector and Karyn Leyva of Fresno, California celebrated their 30th cruise in October aboard the Carnival Glory out of New York. Though the couple has been cruising for years, this particular itinerary from New York, to Boston, Portland, Maine, St. John and Halifax, Nova Scotia provided a perfect chance to see the eastern part of the country and the glorious fall colors.
On this trip aboard The Glory that I took with my husband Weller, the ship was filled with mature cruisers, both in age and number of times cruising, and few children because it was the fall.
Passengers like the Leyvas had chosen the cruise because of the itinerary, while others, like the members of a Canadian genealogy society, chose the Glory because they wanted to visit the Canadian Museum of Immigration in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
“I’ve sailed this itinerary many times,” said Vance Guillian a spokesperson for Carnival Cruise Lines. “It is extremely popular as it offers a terrific mix of interesting ports with a variety of historical landmarks, excellent shopping, dining and sightseeing opportunities.”
Passengers love the experience of sailing out of New York City past the Statue of Liberty.
The Carnival Glory, which received a multi-million dollar renovation in 2010, can accommodate 2,974-passengers spread over 13 decks. More balconies were installed during the refurbish, and a two-level, Serenity adults-only retreat was added with rattan-inspired lounges and even hammocks.
New, too, is the 270-square-foot Seaside Theatre which airs sporting events, musical performances of stars such as Tina Turner or Cher in Vegas, and movies. (There is nothing more romantic than cuddling up in a blanket under the stars to watch a movie on the deck of the Seaside Theater).
Guests sign up for port tours either on line prior to the cruise or at the Excursion Desk once on board. My husband, Weller, and I had visited Boston before, so we simply took a seven-dollar taxi ride to the nearest metro station and headed about five minutes to downtown where we explored on our own. We noticed other passengers hopping aboard the city bus, which was less than a five-minute walk from the ship.
We repeated the on-our-own approach in Portland (all we wanted was a Maine lobster dinner) and Halifax where we walked about 15 minutes along the gorgeous waterfront to tour the extensive exhibit on the sinking of the Titanic at the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic.
There are several restaurants located along the dock as well and the vendor marketplace in front of the ship offers excellent shopping, with plenty of handcrafted items including clothing, woodworks and jewelry.
Back on board, the casinos are busy from morning to late evening, and there is some sort of activity-taking place nearly every hour of the day. We took a Salsa dance class, but passed on Karaoke night, preferring to spend a lazy evening watching a movie in our cabin.
We’ve traveled on several cruise lines and have found the service aboard Carnival to be comparable to most, though the service aboard the Carnival Glory was sorely lacking during mornings in the dining room.
Breakfast choices range from casual, self-service dining on the upper Lido deck, meals in the large dining rooms, or for those who prefer to ease into mornings, there is room service..
Cruise lines are raising the bar on food and beverage options with the addition of celebrity chef-inspired themed eateries, premium coffee and desserts cafes, and wine tastings and food pairings.
Specialty, reservation-required restaurants such as the Glory’s Steak House required an additional fee of about $30 per person. This one is intimate, elegantly decorated and features prime cuts of beef cooked over a flame in an open kitchen. Soft music and attentive service provide a special treat for anyone celebrating a special occasion or who simply want a more leisurely evening.
So, the next time you need a getaway that includes accommodations, unlimited dining, entertainment and the mesmerizing tranquility provided by the ocean waves, drive to the nearest port and take a cruise that fits your budget, schedule, and especially your lifestyle,
<|endofexample|>
JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Shopping Cart
0 items.
Regular Price:
$1,005.00
Special Price:
$699.99
Availability: In stock
* Required Fields
Double click on above image to view full picture
You have no items in your shopping cart.
You have no items to compare.
<|endofexample|>
Patio Umbrellas
Umbrellas starting at $31.99
shop patio umbrellas
Chaise Lounges
For Garden, Patio or Commercial
Shop Chaise Lounges
Outdoor Wicker
Sling, Aluminum, Cushion and more
shop wicker furniture
Patio Chairs
Relax in comfort
shop patio chairs
Patio Sets
buy as a set and SAVE
shop patio sets
Green Furniture
Eco friendly, long lasting outdoor furniture
shop green furniture
Patio Tables
Aluminum, Wicker, Mosaic, large selection
shop patio tables
Outdoor Benches
Home or Commercial quality, large selection
shop outdoor benches
Picnic Tables
Heavy Duty - large order discounts
shop picnic tables
Patio Furniture
Patio Furniture Specialists: We have been in business for over 25 years and our consultants specialize in putting together a patio set that is customized for your needs. Order exactly what you want and, since we carry only high quality furniture, you will enjoy your selection for many years to come. Plus we offer low factory direct pricing so you will have a little more to spend on throwing that first get-together to show off your great new set. If you are just looking for a single piece for an existing patio set, replacement cushions, patio accessories, or even a swimming pool, pastiostore.com is dedicated to providing you with great service at discount prices. Call us today!
COMMERCIAL SALES
Hotels - Restaurants - Resorts - Govt.
SPECIAL PRICING AVAILABLE
Speak with a Commercial Specialist
SPECIAL PRICING AVAILABLE
Speak with a Commercial Specialist
CUSHIONS
Cushions for most major brands
or CUSTOM MADE for you
view our Replacement Cushions
or CUSTOM MADE for you
view our Replacement Cushions
special deals - coupons - cool stuff
special deals - coupons - cool stuff
Why Buy From Us?
Featured Stores
Featured Outdoor patio Items
Pagoda
Patio Umbrella
5 pc Lexington Wicker Set
Outdoor Lifestyle Stone Tables
Telescope Adirondack Set
Featured Outdoor patio Items
Outdoor Lifestyle Ashbury Sets
Uhwarrie Wave Adirondack Chair
Outdoor
Patio Chairs
Gerber Picnic Table Frames
Featured Patio Sets
NCI Cabo Outdoor Wicker SetThis all weather wicker sectional set can be configured to your setting. Made of top quality materials and featuring the right and left sides as loveseats verses a single arm design. The vinyl wicker is woven over an aluminum frame with cushions made from Sunbrella fabric. You deserve the best - call our patio furniture consultants for a custom quote and to put together a custom configuration for you.
Telescope Cushion Patio SetsImpress your guests with the clean and sophisticated style of the new Brio Cushion Collection by Telescope Casual. You can create an arrangement to fit any setting with the corner/end pieces and armless chairs. The Marine grade polymer frame is made of recycled materials and the collection is made super comfortable with extra plush cushions.
<|endofexample|>
----- Original Message ---------- Original Message ----- From: Kay LeeSent: Saturday, October 13, 2001 12:23 PM
Subject: VALDES TRIAL - DAY ONE FRIDAY OCTOBER 12TH
THE BEGINNING
Three in the morning came way too early. After staying up half the night making signs like our big sparkly "Making the Walls Transparent", we were all gulping down coffee between yawns and loading the car. But - when you are on a mission, all things are possible and with renewed energy, we hit the road as planned at 4am.
We drove the three hours from Titusville to Starke under cover of darkness. The three of us, Joann, Kelsie and I, spent the hours making up chants for the Bradford County Courthouse: "DOC, we're looking at you...How many others have you done this to?" and the chants for Florida State Prison, where we planned to vigil afterwards: "Warden, warden, hear our plea...No more guard brutality!"
Lindy had driven from St. Pete and for awhile we thought we had lost her when communication was cut off by our dying cell phone. None of us had exact directions but, just as the sky was beginning to turn from black to blue, we pulled up at the Denny's' Restaurant two blocks from the courthouse and, like serendipity at its finest, there sat Lindy waiting for us. Our team was complete.
We thought we had penetrated enemy lines for sure. Heck, Starke is not just another little prison town. It's THE prison town that put up a big sign at the local church right after the guards killed inmate Frank Valdes: "Correctional Officers, Look up! God Loves You!". (I always figured they forgot that God Loves the prisoners too.)
So, we figured we were in for hard stares, kids giving us the bird, and adults throwing eggs (Hey, I have already been through all that before in this town.) All four of us were wearing our MTWT t-shirts (Thank you, Bea) that say on the front, "THE LAW SHOULD APPLY TO PRISON GUARDS TOO!" and on the back, "Florida Department of Corrections" with a line drawn through "corrections" and "CORRUPTIONS" written in bold red.
We were pretty surprised when the people who stopped us to ask about the shirts were really polite and interested: The desk clerk next door said, "Oh, does the trial begin now? God, I'm glad I'm not on that jury!" A family visiting their prisoner in Union CI donated three dollars and we gave them a shirt. One man said he was sent from the Washington DC department of corrections to help out at Union (What's that about?) and his response to our t-shirts was, "There's corruption in the prisons in DC too!"
At 8:00am, we drove over to the courthouse, unloaded our signs and went to work.
We walked past the piles of construction out front and stood by the street where lots of people could see us. We held up signs with messages like, "HONK! D.O.C. Corrupt!" and "Call the Feds!" We were really surprised how many car horns we did hear, although I mentioned to the others not to get too excited; that some of the honkers could be uneducated people who thought "D.O.C." meant doctors (and that's a-whole-nother issue).
Well, we weren't there very long before a young cop stopped to question us. I always appreciate the presence of the cop cars, because people who don't pay attention when you're out there alone, always rubberneck when that flashing light is spinning.
The cop wants to know what we think we're doing. I say in essence, "Valdes trial, free speech, public property." He says in essence, "Speech is free. Don't want you to get hurt. Have a good day."
The only other notable incident involving a cop, was when an officer pulled his cruiser into the driveway and asked Kelsie what we were doing. She replied, "Protesting corruption in the prison system." He took the flyer, smiled and remarked as he drove off, "I can buy that."
Lindy shakes hands with Judge Turner.
Meanwhile, Lindy goes back to her car to get another sign. A man in a suit sees her pulling "Pray for Prisoners" out of her car and he says, "Pray for me too. I'm the judge in this case."
We did have one very aggressive negative reaction from a couple in a pickup that matches the description of many guard vehicles; you know, big truck, darkly tinted windows. The couple stop on the road, the man driving asks for a flyer, only to throw it rudely back at us. He drove off squealing tires and screaming, "I'm a guard and my name is (unintelligible). Come and get me!"
Another pickup truck drove by us a little later. The driver read the signs, grinned and held his D.O.C. badge up to the window. I swear, the DOC presence was everywhere!
Anyway, about 11:00, as we were packing up our signs, a very nice fellow stopped his sedan beside us in the parking lot and called us over to the open window. He said when he saw us, he just had to talk to us. He then told us a long, detailed, very sad story about his cousin, the D.O.C. employee Frank Valdes was sent to prison for killing. He felt the inmate kind of 'got what he deserved'.
I explained that we cannot allow ourselves to react on the same level as the people we put behind bars or we are no better than criminals ourselves. We did finally agree that there are some bad apples wearing uniforms, and we did agree that there are prisoners who should not be in prison. We shook hands and parted with a little more understanding of each other's views.
Our little crew then drove over to the complex of prisons in Starke/Raiford, Union CI, FSP, and New River CI (where Gary Waid first reported the ongoing beatings in a series of letters to Florida media). Florida State Prison, where the Valdes murder actually happened, continues the severe abuse of prisoners to this day and I like to remind them that we are watching.
We park in the grass beside the entrance road to New River CI and I'm giving the others quick instructions, because I've vigiled there at FSP a lot of times over the past couple of years and I know that the tower calls the warden when they see us drive up and I'm sure prison employees will descend on us within minutes. And, as usual, they showed up very quickly.
We were told we couldn't picket there. I told them that I had established that right years ago. They finally agreed to our right to free speech on public property (the right-of-way by the side of the road.)
We were told to move our cars, but they didn't know where we should move them to. So, they finally said we could leave our cars where they were.
Major Jarvis from New River CI came down to introduce himself. "WHY do you want to do this NOW and HERE?" I explained that we were doing it NOW because the Valdes trial started today and HERE because this is where the murder took place. He responded, "The only people who will see you today are prison employees." I told him that was fine. I explained that, although there is a core of unprofessionals we want to get rid of, all in all we believe most DOC employees are fine people doing their best with a difficult situation." He agreed. We talked a little about both of us wanting professionalism from employees of the DOC. He wished me the best, and then he moved over with the other employees, who sat in their vehicles on the grass and talked while we did our job.
The others ladies with me moved across the entrance road to show the signs to waving prisoners on the Union yard. I stood by the road in front of New River, watching the faces of the people passing by. Major Jarvis was right. The observers were mostly prison employees. Although many looked unpleasant, no one bothered us with the small crowd of DOC employees sitting right beside us like our own personal vigil security.
All in all they were not an unpleasant bunch, and since we could see we were holding them from their regular work, we politely kept is short and after maybe 30 minutes, we packed it up and headed home.
It was good knowing that so many supporters on the internet were aware of each stage of our protest, thanks to Joyce's email updates. Thank you also to everyone who made the trip possible. Your concern made us fearless.
It was a productive day.
I sure do Love my FREEDOM OF SPEECH and urge everyone to use all their constitutionally guaranteed freedoms often. If we don't, it is certain we will lose them.
Kay Lee
1290 Overlook Terrace
Titusville, Florida 32796
321-383-3000
Making The Walls Transparent (MTWT)
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*A Times Editorial
A case for cleaning up our prisons© St. Petersburg Times,
published October 11, 2001
The beating death of Frank Valdes, a death-row inmate at Florida State Prison, allegedly at the hands of the men who were there to guard him, raises deeply troubling questions about the state's continued tolerance of brutality at its prisons.
Why is it that we can't seem to keep sadists and brutes out of state uniforms? And why is the grievance procedure at state correctional facilities, the one internal mechanism an inmate has to alert prison management to problems of excessive force, so unresponsive to legitimate complaints?
As Times staff writer Adam Smith vividly described in a recent story detailing the state's case against eight corrections officers indicted in Valdes' death, Valdes died a much more painful death than he would have faced from lethal injection -- his sentence for the murder of a corrections officer.
On Friday, the trial begins for five of those guards who allegedly broke Valdes' body and punched and kicked his face so brutally that he was barely recognizable. According to fellow prisoners on X-wing, Valdes was left in his cell for hours after the final assault, groaning in pain and gasping for breath. Medical personnel were not summoned until Valdes was dead.
It's hard to explain away a corpse, but the corrections officers tried, claiming, as a group, that Valdes' injuries were self-inflicted -- that he launched himself from his bunk, head-first. The story unraveled, however, when the medical examiner found Valdes had suffered 22 broken ribs and a smashed face and had a boot print on his torso, not the kinds of injuries that are self-inflicted.
Whether these men are ultimately convicted is less important than how the prison system deals with its serious staffing and systems problems.
The grievance procedure at Florida State Prison is apparently a bad joke. Prison officials had been warned just days before Valdes' murder that rampant abuse was occuring in X-wing -- the prison's building for incorrigible inmates. An inmate wrote in an emergency grievance that prisoner beatings were occuring regularly and pleaded for an investigation "before we are killed." In a response that shows how the officiousness of bureaucrats contributes to an environment that tolerates prison brutality, the inmate's emergency grievance was rejected because his request was found not to be of an emergency nature and was therefore improperly filed.
The prison's personnel problems are sadly obvious and should have been so to prison administrators for a long time. Instead, prison officials gave supervisory and training authority to men like Sgt. Montrez Lucas, who apparently thought beating inmates and getting away with it was some kind of sick game. He taught new recruits ways to avoid excessive force charges: When kicking an inmate, be careful not to leave a boot mark, he warned his class. Lie on your reports; just make sure everyone has the same story, he told another. By the way, the medical staff will sometimes help with the coverup, he confided.
Lucas proudly showed one class a stack of excessive-force allegations he had beaten over the years. Yet this man was moved along in his career and promoted by James Crosby, warden of Florida State Prison at the time of Valdes' death.
Crosby, too, has been promoted since Valdes' death; he's now a regional prison director.
What is Florida's Secretary of Corrections Michael Moore thinking? Crosby is at the helm of a prison so full of brutal guards and inept or indifferent grievance administrators that a man died under his watch. And what is the system's response? Promotion.
Frank Valdes and the men who occupied X-wing are unsympathetic characters. Their crimes put them behind bars and their attitude got them a pass to X-wing. But that doesn't make them fair game for sadists in uniform. This is Moore's problem, but he seems to be too busy looking for another job to pay attention to the system he is charged with administering.
<|endofexample|>
© Copyright 2000-2012. PatsFans.com Is a Partner of USA TODAY Sports Digital Properties.The opinions posted in this forum do not necessarily reflect the opinions of our staff at PatsFans.com or USA Today.We are not affiliated with the New England Patriots™ or the NFL™. The Photo Used In the header was taken by Ian Logue.
This site is owned and operated by I&K Internet Design Enterprises, LLC
<|endofexample|>
Property Description
Starting from 8.8 Million THB upto 21 Million THB
Palm Oasis is a brand new gated village, located at a quiet spot of the Jomtien area, a 15 min. walk from the beach. There is a large communal area to stroll or have a chat with your neighbours. 24hrs security. The houses are built with insulating thermo block bricks, offer fully fitted generous european kitchens and are fully equipped with Daikin airconditioners, UPVC floor-to-ceiling windows, large sliding doors, phone line, internet, cable-TV.
The village offers two to four bedroom pool-villas, single or double storey houses. It starts at only 8,8 Mio. Baht.
Get a beautiful infinity pool, landscaped private gardens and a double remote-controlled garage.
The 3 bedrooms all have en suite bathrooms. There is an open air rain shower plus a large balcony and a great roof terrace with panoramic views and a Jacuzzi underneath a nice sala. Come and see all this tasteful features.
KINDLY NOTE: the pictures give a good impression but are token from the more expensive 4 bedroom-villa.
Facilities
- DVD
- Bath
- Double bed (king-size)
- Jacuzzi
- Sofa
- Shower
- Microwave
- Ceiling Fan
- Safe
- Washer
- Terrace
- Refrigerator
- Kettle
- private pool
- TV LCD
- Dining table
- Writing table
- Storage
- Oven
- Terrace – 2
Contact us now for more information +44 (0) 203 2865 912
<|endofexample|>
Although the contents are primarily aimed at one to three year-foreign assignments, they also serve as a guide to persons on temporary assignments. Where differences may apply, these will be made clear to you by your Premier Homes Relocation Representative, who will be glad to help with any further questions you may have.
In order to further prepare you for your move, we suggest that you also read the book, Living in Pattaya and Rayong available from our Premier Homes Real Estate head office on Jomtien Beach, just outside of Pattaya.
The first few months that you and your family are in Thailand, you may wish to be enrolled in Thai Language Education and/or Thai Cultural Training classes. These are designed to give you an advantage in making the adjustment to life in Thailand and in developing positive relationships with the Thai people on and off the job.
<|endofexample|>
A Dutchman died after collapsing in his Jomtien Beach condominium.
Paramedics found Marcel Brockhoff, 46, with weak pulse and struggling to breathe in his apartment Oct. 8. He stopped breathing on the way to Pattaya Memorial Hospital. CPR and emergency efforts by rescuers failed to revive him.
The body was transferred to Banglamung Hospital for fingerprinting before being sent to the Forensics Institute to determine the cause of death.
<|endofexample|>
A wardrobe essential, there is no disputing the versatility of a solid dress shirt. Dressed up or relaxed, it's easy style that works. Enjoy the great fit and wide color selection of Paul Fredrick men's solid dress shirts in a variety of fabrics, fits, and even collar and cuff styles. At Paul Fredrick, a great fit is always guaranteed, or exchange it for free!
<|endofexample|>
Today: Sunny. High 83.
Tonight: Clear. Low 58.
Tuesday: Mostly sunny. High 88.
Tuesday Night: Mostly clear. Low 66.
Wednesday: Mostly sunny. High 86.
Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. Low 66.
Thursday: Partly sunny with a slight chance of showers and storms. High 82.
Thursday Night: Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and storms. Low 65.
Friday: Partly sunny with a slight chance of showers and storms. High 78.
Friday Night: Partly cloudy. Low 60.
Saturday: Partly sunny. High 76.
Saturday Night: Mostly clear. Low 59.
Sunday: Mostly sunny. High:
<|endofexample|>
My Sweet Boy Rudy
Dec 1999 - Jan 2013
I just added this picture of him in the sewing room, this is where he love to be and when he was a young pup he would sit in the chair behind me as I sewed. (I think if you click on the photo it will enlarge)
This morning he woke up at 2 AM not doing well at all and at 5:30 this morning he passed away.
Life certainly won't be the same around here, he loved to be with me in the sewing room.
Rest In Peace my Sweet Boy Rudy
13 comments:
I am so very sorry. I really don't know what to say - sometimes there just aren't words to express our sadness - this is one of those times.
I hope you believe in The Rainbow Bridge. We do...
Hugs
I'm so sorry. My heart is breaking for you. I'm sending you a hug!
I am so sorry.
So sorry to hear your news. Such a sad time when furry friends are lost. Thinking of you
Cath @ Bits 'n Bobs
My heart is breaking for you. I know you will miss your sweet boy and all the love he gave you. xxoo
Aww, I'm so sorry! Just remember all the good times.
Hi Dorothy so sorry to hear about Rudy's passing. The only thing I don't like about having our wonderful pets! Thinking of our. Susie x
So sorry for your loss.
We lost a furbaby last year, so I know how hard it is.
:(
So sorry for your loss. He was such a sweet heart, protective of his mama, but sweet and much loved. I still
love the story about when he came home with Brian...makes me smile everytime I think of it.
Kendra
I'm so, so sorry.....
Dorothy, I am so sorry your beloved Rudy left you. I'll give my Rudy an extra love! Hugs from a fellow Stashbuster.
I'm so sorry too. So hard to lose a faithful companion. He was so strikingly beautiful!
I am so sorry for your tremendous loss.
<|endofexample|>
A native of Princeton, DeMars attended St. Cloud State University and Luther Seminary, St. Paul. DeMars and his family moved to Paynesville from Milaca where they had lived 10 years.
He feels his diverse background will make him a better rounded minister. While in college, he was undecided about his future and took classes in many areas. "I feel the Lord was preparing me for the ministry even then. I decided to enter the ministry during my senior year in college," he added. "After receiving the call, I focused on practical courses that would help me with my chosen profession, the ministry."
"I'm fortunate to have a supervisor (Pastor Keith Ainsley) who wants me to be involved in every aspect of the church," DeMars said.
DeMars will be working with the church education program, doing home visits, pastoral care, community ministry, confirmation classes, and working closely with the youth league.
DeMars said his goals for the internship and his future ministry is to become a better preacher, and to be known as a pastor who is approachable, who can supply support and guidance to the parish, and to individuals.
"Personally, I want to be able to find a balance between everything that goes on in the ministry and still maintain a family life," DeMars added.
DeMars and his wife, Lisa, have two sons, Christian, 4, and Spencer, 2. Lisa was an Early Childhood Education teacher and is doing subbing in area schools. He lists as his interests snowmobiling, camping, drawing, painting, bow hunting, and surfing the Internet.
Return to Archives
<|endofexample|>
Advertisement
Earlene Beth Wisdom, 63, of Young, died Oct. 21, 2005. She was born Dec. 24, 1941 in Globe.
Mrs. Wisdom is survived by her children, Tracie and Lee Barnes, Eddie and Candy Wisdom, and Carolyn and Bill Saldeen; grandchildren, Donna and Aaron Kryszak and Kersha Saldeen; and great-grandchildren, Tiena Wisdom and Shilee Wisdom.
She was preceded in death by her parents, Earl and Nina Cline; and grandson, Daniel Lane.
Graveside services will be at 1 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 26 at Young Cemetery in Young.
Arrangements handled by Messinger Payson Funeral Home.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.
<|endofexample|>
Advertisement.
O’Brien said he supports the reform plan’s goals, the involvement of businesses and corporations in setting school standards and the use of test scores to track student progress.
However, he said the overwhelming emphasis on test scores in a few core academic subjects won’t make up for recent declines in teacher pay coupled with increases in class sizes and educational bureaucracy.
“I think we’re moving in the wrong direction,” said O’Brien, whose district last year closed an elementary school and raised average class sizes. Some grade levels went from an average of 22 students per classroom to more like 32 students per classroom, he said.
“I have some big concerns. A lot of research shows that we’re going counter to what has worked.”
Public opinion polls reflect the public’s qualms about K-12 education in Arizona. For instance, recently the Morrison Institute at Arizona State University released a survey showing that education ranks as the third highest priority among voters, behind immigration and job creation.
Only 6 percent of the public rates schools as “excellent” and another 39 percent as “good.” However, 30 percent rank schools as “poor” and 11 percent as “very poor.”
Two thirds of those surveyed said academic standards in schools aren’t high enough and a similar percentage said the schools should include more vocational education.
Some 70 percent of those surveyed rated pre-school and kindergarten programs as “very important,” although the Legislature cut funding for both this year.
O’Brien said, “I’m concerned that we’re cutting back on things that we know work — like all-day kindergarten and instead doing things we aren’t sure will work.”
The reform plan embraced by Gov. Brewer and state Superintendent of Education John Huppenthal attempts to address some of those concerns, with tough new standards and potentially serious consequences for schools whose students fail to hit the benchmarks in core subjects, mostly reading and mathematics.
The new state standards evaluate schools mostly based on student scores on the AIMS test, especially the progress made by the bottom 20 percent of students.
State education officials are still refining the rating system to include more weight for things like graduation rates, but schools essentially rise and fall based on student test scores in core academic areas.
Numerous national studies suggest that family poverty and education levels have a much greater impact on student test scores than does the curriculum, teacher training or even core variables like class sizes. The state’s child poverty rate has risen sharply as a result of the recession, especially in Payson where a daunting 70 percent of the children in the district now qualify for free and reduced lunches based on family income.
The new state standards have caused a decline in the rating of many schools.
That includes Rim Country Middle School, which went from “performing plus” to a grade of D, when the state changed the rating system. Once the new system fully takes effect, schools that get a “D” three years running would be considered “failing” and therefore subject to state takeover.
Gov. Brewer appointed former Intel Corp. Chairman Craig Barrett to head the new Arizona Ready Council, in addition to an array of business and educational leaders from across the state.
Barrett has said Arizona schools rank in the “bottom 10 percent” nationally, but rejected the idea that the state’s ranking had anything to do with being 47th nationally when it comes to per-student spending, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
He said schools should pay more for teachers with hard-to-find qualifications like math and science and emulate charter schools, which don’t have to abide by the rules concerning teacher training and credentials that affect public schools.
Some researchers say that on the whole, charter school students don’t do any better on standardized test scores than public school students, especially when school size is considered.
O’Brien said he supports the effort to get business leaders more involved in education reform, since they can help keep schools focused on the skills graduating students need to thrive in the job market.
He also supports the emphasis on ensuring students master basic skills in elementary school, based on research showing that most students who haven’t mastered core skills by third grade will struggle for the rest of their time in school and suffer a much higher dropout rate.
“It’s too soon to tell” whether some of the latest reforms will help, he said.
“But we’re also eliminating things we know work, like all-day kindergarten. And perhaps going from 20 to 25 kids in a class won’t make a huge difference, but going from 22 to 32 certainly will. It’s not just about money, it’s about how you use the money.”
He said the tendency to blame teachers often misses the point. “We need to raise the bar in terms of teacher preparation and standards and with that we need to raise the status of the profession and the compensation.”
He said international studies of countries with the highest rated schools like Finland and Singapore have generally concluded that those systems have high teacher standards and prestige, but relatively few other requirements and tests.
“Those systems rely very little on standardized testing, but have an extremely rigorous program for teachers. If they don’t measure up, they let them go — but they let the teachers perform. The idea that we’re just going to focus on punishing the weakest teachers isn’t going to make things better.”
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Requires free registration
Posting comments requires a free account and verification.
Or login with:
OpenID
<|endofexample|>
Bub. Photo by Andy Towle. |
Advertisement
Chris Avakian leaves little doubt the current Payson High School boys soccer team is the finest in his five-year tenure as head coach of the Longhorns.
“It’s the strongest, no doubt about it,” he said.
The praise is especially meaningful since last year’s team advanced to the Division IV state tournament semifinals before being eliminated by a nationally top-ranked Blue Ridge team that, after edging PHS 3-1, went on to win its third consecutive state title and finish the season with a 50-plus-game winning streak.
Today’s Horns probably solidified their lofty standing with the coach on Saturday, Oct. 13, in Chino Valley with a 1-0 nail-biting win over the previously undefeated Cougars.
Noe Vega paved the way to the stunning upset, scoring the game’s only goal and thwarting a Chino Valley shot attempt when the Horns were playing without a goalie.
“He was very definitely the player of the game,” said Avakian.
The win was a pay back of sorts for the Horns’ 3-0 loss to Chino Valley in a season-opening game played Sept. 8 at Rumsey Park.
The difference in Payson’s two performances, Avakian said, was, “In the first game, we were without some players who were ineligible, which hurt us.
“In the second game, we ratcheted up the defense, which helped us win.”
With Saturday’s loss, CV falls to 8-1 in power point rankings. Payson’s victory improved the Horns’ record to 5-2-3.
As of press time, however, the Longhorns win in Chino Valley had not been posted in the power point rankings.
When it is, the Horns should move up from their current No. 5 ranking among the 23 teams in Division IV.
The win over the Cougars assures PHS a berth into the state tournament when it kicks off Oct. 26 at a site to be determined.
But before the Horns can begin looking forward to the postseason, the players must take care of business today, Oct. 16, in a regular season-ending clash in Snowflake.
A win over the homestanding Lobos would most likely earn Payson a higher and more advantageous seed into the state tournament. A loss, however, could mean a lower state seed.
Snowflake enters the game with a 6-2 mark and ranked sixth, just one notch below the Longhorns.
The match will be the first of the season for the two teams that have long been rivals in every prep sport.
Blue Ridge, a three-time defending state champion, remains atop the power point rankings with its 6-0-2 record.
The Yellow Jackets’ two ties have been against the Longhorns by scores of 3-3 and 0-0.
In addition to last week’s win over Chino Valley, the Horns tacked on an additional “W” by whipping Round Valley 3-0 Oct. 9 in Eagar.
In the win, Bubba Nielson scored one goal and Kaylan Hinton tallied two.
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Requires free registration
Posting comments requires a free account and verification.
Or login with:
OpenID
<|endofexample|>
Login with your username or email
You must login to your PBase account to use the mail system.
enter your email address or username
enter your password, case sensitive
Cookies must be enabled in your web browser for this to work.
If you seem to login, but are forced back to this page, check your cookie preferences in your browser.
Forget your username and email address? Look here:
alphabetical list of users
enter your email address or username
If the email you entered for your account is incorrect or has changed, you will be out of luck.
Check your account settings and make sure your email address is current.
Note to hotmail users: hotmail treats email from pbase.com as spam and automatically puts it in your junk folder, so check there.
<|endofexample|>
By PBN Staff
Twitter: @ProvBusNews
SOUTH KINGSTOWN – South County Hospital was the only hospital in Rhode Island to earn a Gold recognition for the American Heart Association as a Fit-Friendly Worksite, the hospital announced Thursday.
Fit-Friendly Worksites are recognized by the Heart Association as employers who “go above and beyond” when it comes to employee health, according to a hospital release.
Criteria for Heart Association distinction include walking routes, walking programs and tracking tools, a smoke-free environment, and exercise and yoga classes.
“We work hard at South County Hospital to provide a work environment that promotes good heart health,” Sherri Zino, South County Hospital cardiopulmonary services manager, said in a statement. “It is especially important to not only encourage healthy living, but to set an example to the community.”
This is the second consecutive year that South County Hospital was recognized by the Heart Association.
Since its 2007 inception, more than 5.6 million employees at more than 2,500 worksites have participated in the American Heart Association’s Fit-Friendly program.
<|endofexample|>
July 30, 1888 in Bangor, Maine
August 16, 1947
American
surgeon
Elliott Carr Cutler (July 30, 1888 - August 16, 1947), surgeon and medical educator, was born in Bangor, Maine, the son of George Chalmers Cutler, a lumber merchant, and Mary Franklin Wilson. Cutler attended both Harvard College and Harvard Medical School, receiving his medical degree in 1913. He traveled to Heidelberg where he studied pathology for one summer. Cutler then served as surgical intern at the newly opened Peter Bent Brigham Hospital, where he assisted surgeon Harvey Cushing. In 1915 Cutler joined the Harvard Unit of the American Ambulance Hospital in Paris, and upon his return he was named resident surgeon at the Massachusetts General Hospital. In 1916 Cutler declined William S. Halsted's invitation to run the Hunterian Laboratory at Johns Hopkins, opting to study immunity at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research in order to benefit "from the stern discipline of a meticulous laboratory worker," Simon Flexner ("The Education of the Surgeon," p. 467). America's entry into the First World War Prompted Cutler's return to France as a captain in the Army Medical Corps assigned to the Harvard Unit, Base Hospital Number 5.
After the war, Cutler returned to Boston, joining Cushing's staff at the Brigham Hospital as resident surgeon. In the spring of 1919 he married Caroline Pollard Parker, who had also worked at Base Hospital Number 5 in France. The couple had five children.
From 1921 to 1923 Cutler directed the laboratory of surgical research and was an associate in the Department of Surgery at Harvard Medical School. He left Harvard in 1924 to become professor of surgery at Western Reserve Medical School and director of surgery at the Lakeside Hospital in Cleveland, where he continued his laboratory work. He returned to Boston in 1932 when he succeeded Cushing as Moseley Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School and surgeon in chief at Peter Bent Brigham Hospital. The last fifteen years of his life were primarily devoted to surgical practice, teaching, and research at Harvard. At the outbreak of the Second World War, the governor of Massachusetts appointed Cutler medical director of the state committee on public safety. In 1942 he was again called into active service in the Army Medical Corps. During the war he served as chief surgical consultant and later as chief of the professional services division in the office of the surgeon general, European theater of operations. As chief surgical consultant, he played an active role in obtaining blood from the United States for use in treating wounded soldiers. In 1945 he was appointed brigadier general and received a second Distinguished Service Medal, as well as the Legion of Merit and the Order of the British Empire.
Cutler introduced several new techniques into cardiac surgery, a field then in its infancy. In 1923 he performed the first successful surgical operation for mitral valve stenosis. The possibility of surgical treatment for patients with constricted or diseased heart valves had been actively pursued for two decades by surgeons, who had attempted to approximate the condition in laboratory animals. Two years of research on animals at the Harvard surgical research laboratory emboldened Cutler and cardiologist Samuel A. Levine to attempt a surgical intervention in a young female patient with mitral valve stenosis. The surgery, hailed as a milestone by the British Medical Journal, proved to have a mortality rate of 90 percent; abandoned by Cutler in 1928, surgical repair for mitral valve stenosis was not reattempted until 1945. Cutler's other surgical innovations included the development of surgical instruments and techniques for treatment of pulmonary embolism and pericarditis and the development of surgical methods to treat patients with congestive heart failure, including the surgical removal of normal thyroid glands for relief of angina pectoris. In addition to more than two hundred scientific papers, he published in 1939, with Robert Zollinger, the ATLAS OF SURGICAL OPERATIONS. (In 1993 Zollinger and Robert Zollinger, Jr., published the seventh edition of the ATLAS.)
As an animal experimenter and director of a surgical research laboratory, Cutler, like other researchers of his era, encountered criticism from American antivivisectionists concerned about the welfare of animals, especially dogs, used in research. In his laboratories, Cutler gave humane treatment of research animals high priority. In 1926 he became actively involved in organized medicine's defense of animal experimentation when he succeeded Harvard colleague Walter Bradford Cannon as chair of the American Medical Association's Committee for the Protection of Medical Research. For twelve years, until he reentered military service in 1942, Cutler monitored professional and popular reports of animal experimentation in an effort to forestall legislative restrictions on animal experimentation. In order to demonstrate humane conditions in research laboratories, Cutler arranged in 1938 for a photographer from LIFE magazine to photograph experimental surgical procedures on anesthetized dogs at Harvard, surgery that allowed students to "perform their first operation on man as surgeons and not as butchers."
In addition to his activities in defense of animal experimentation, Cutler held leadership positions in a number of medical societies, including the presidencies of the American Surgical Association (1947) and the Society for Clinical Surgery (1941-1946). He was one of the founders of the American Board of Surgery and served on the editorial boards of several major medical and surgical journals. The recipient of a number of honorary degrees, he was named an honorary fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1943 and awarded the Henry Jacob Bigelow Medal by the Boston Surgical Society in 1947. Cutler died from prostate cancer in Brookline, Massachusetts. In 1965 Harvard Medical School established a professorship of surgery in his name.
Bibliography
The Francis A. Countway Library of Medicine at Harvard holds a large collection of Cutler's office files from the years 1921 to 1942, which encompasses his teaching, hospital work, research, publications, and activities in defense of animal experimentation. In addition to the ATLAS, Cutler's major works include "Cardiotomy and Valvulotomy for Mitral Stenosis," BOSTON MEDICAL AND SURGICAL JOURNAL 188 (1923): 1023-27, with S. A. Levine; and "The Surgical Treatment of Mitral Stenosis: Experimental and Clinical Studies," ARCHIVES OF SURGERY 9 (1924): 691-821, with Levine and Claude S. Beck. For Cutler's role in efforts to upgrade surgical training, see his remarks delivered at his acceptance of the Bigelow Medal, "The Education of the Surgeon," NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL OF MEDICINE 237 (1947): 466-70, and Peter D. Olch, "Evarts A. Graham, the American College of Surgeons, and the American Board of Surgery," JOURNAL OF THE HISTORY OF MEDICINE 27 (1972): 247-61.
For biographical information, see Frederick P. Ross, "Master Surgeon, Teacher, Soldier and Friend: Elliott Carr Cutler, MD (1888-1947)," AMERICAN JOURNAL OF SURGERY 137 (1979): 428-32. Cutler's role as a surgical innovator is discussed in Judith P. Swazey and Renee C. Fox, "The Clinical Moratorium: A Case Study of Mitral Valve Surgery," in EXPERIMENTATION WITH HUMAN SUBJECTS, ed. Paul A. Freund (1970). Useful obituaries can be found in SURGERY 23 (1948): 863-66; NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL OF MEDICINE 237 (1947): 681; JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION 135 (1947): 47; and the NEW YORK TIMES, 17 Aug. and 24 Aug. 1947.
-- Susan E. Lederer THE AMERICAN NATIONAL BIOGRAPHY, copyright 2000 American Council of Learned Societies. Published by Oxford University Press, Inc. Used by permission of Oxford University Press.
Link:
<|endofexample|>
Gear-Up Black Kaleidoscope ID Pouch
$9.50 sale $3.99
ID PouchFree Shipping
$9.50 sale $3.99.
Care
- Wipe with a soft, damp cloth.
Please allow approximately 5-7 business days for delivery. Delivery estimate includes monogrammed and gift-wrapped items.
Monogrammed and personalized items cannot be canceled or returned except when due to defect.
<|endofexample|>
Scroll Border Dhurrie Rug, Black
No longer available
Rug
No longer available
An elegant swirled border frames this durable neutral rug. Made of pure wool that feels soft underfoot, it’s perfect for high-traffic areas.
- 3' wide x 5' long (36" wide x 60" long)
- 5' wide x 8' long (60" wide x 96" long)
- 8' wide x 10' long (96" wide x 120" long)
- Tufted of 100% wool.
- Features a pom-pom on each corner.
-.
<|endofexample|>
Parks Canada
Home > National Parks of Canada > Fire and Vegetation Management in the Mountain National Parks > Wildfires > Vermilion Pass Burn
On July 9, 1968, lightning struck the slope of Mount Whymper at the north end of Kootenay National Park. Driven by strong winds, the fire spread rapidly. Over the next three days, fire-fighting crews struggled to control the flames. On the fourth day, it rained and the flames began to subside. When the smoke cleared, over 2,950 hectares of subalpine forest had burned. Since then, the Vermilion Pass Burn has changed dramatically. So have our attitudes about fire.
For most of the last century, our society regarded fire as a destroyer and suppressed it even in national parks. During this time, animals were often used as fire-prevention symbols. Images of Bambi fleeing the flames and Smokey the Bear's burnt paws reinforced the idea of fire as evil.
Over the last two decades, we have discovered that fire plays an essential role in nature. The Vermilion Pass site is one of the most extensively studied burns in all of Canada. From this and other studies we now know that many plants and animals are adapted to fire and the conditions it creates.
Shortly after the Vermilion Pass fire, many people remarked how barren and desolate the landscape looked. But the forest was not destroyed. It simply moved to the next stage of a natural cycle of growth and renewal.
Even as the rocks cooled, the forest was reborn. The wood consumed by the flames was converted to a mineral-rich ash, releasing a flush of nutrients that was taken up by new plants. The thick forest canopy was burned away and sunlight shafted to the forest floor, warming the soil and creating an ideal seed bed.
The searing heat of the fire opened the cones of the lodgepole pine, scattering the seeds onto the forest floor. Some shrubs, like false azalea, were burned to the ground but sprouted anew from underground roots. A pink carpet of fireweed spread through the burn.
Immediately after the fire, woodpeckers moved in to feast on insects that colonized the dead trees. Elk and moose fed on the lush new growth. Predators followed. Gradually, the blackened landscape was transformed into a forest brimming with life.
Fire not only acts as a recycler and renewer but also rearranges vegetation in a continual cycle of change. Over time, fires burning across the landscape create a mosaic of different vegetation types and ages. The result is a mix of forests, shrublands and meadows. This diversity of habitats and the edges between them, are favoured by wildlife and support many species.
Today, fire managers recognize that fire suppression has denied fire its natural role in the forest. They are working to sustain fire-dependent ecosystems, while still providing fire protection.
In most parks we cannot take a "hands off" approach. Fires burning uncontrolled pose too much risk to life and property. To safely restore fire's ecological role, a program of prescribed (or planned) fires is used. These fires may be started by lightning or by park staff. Trained specialists decide where, when and under what conditions such fires will be permitted to burn.
Of course, some fires will always have to be put out. This includes fires that threaten people, facilities and adjacent lands.
Fire is just part of the ecosystem puzzle. Parks Canada is cooperating with other groups to address a variety of ecosystem concerns over the broader landscape. Only by working together can we sustain our native plants and animals and the ecological processes that link them to the land.
To experience the Vermilion Pass Burn today, take a walk along the Fireweed Trail. Interpretive signs tell the story of the burn and explain fire's role in the forest. Bring your binoculars -- you can expect to see birds and wildlife. Take a picture and come back in ten years to see the changes that time will bring.
<|endofexample|>
Parks Canada
Home > National Parks of Canada > Jasper National Park > Activities > Summer in Jasper > Summer Trails Guide > Columbia Icefield
For these hikes, travel 90; Goats and Glaciers Viewpoint, 38 km; Sunwapta Falls, 55 km; Bubbling Springs Picnic Area, 60 km;.
Beauty Creek and Stanley Falls 6.4 km return (2-3 hours)
Trailhead: 90 km south of Jasper, one-half kilometre past Beauty Creek Hostel, look for a small pulloff and hiker sign on the left (east) side of the highway.
The trail follows a low dike across a wet area to the old, torn-up BanffJasper Highway, completed in 1940 and since realigned. Turn right and follow the old route until you reach a bridge abutment, where a rough trail branches to the left and continues along the narrow, deep limestone gorge of Beauty Creek. Caution: no guardrails! The trail passes by seven small waterfalls before reaching Stanley Falls, which is higher. If you see a little grey bird jumping in and out of the cold glacial water, it's an American dipper.
Athabasca Glacier Forefield 2 km to the toe of the glacier and back (30-60 minutes)
Trailhead: 105 km south of Jasper, directly across from the Icefield Centre building, turn right onto the Athabasca Glacier access road. Park soon after, where the road turns right again, in a small lot by a gate..
Toe of the Athabasca Glacier 1.5 km return (60–75 minutes)
Trailhead: directly across from the Icefield Centre building, turn off Highway 93 onto the access road for the Athabasca Glacier. Turn right soon after, and follow the road down to the parking lot. The trail begins by the interpretive signs in the southwest corner of the lot.. The upper loop gives great views of the toe of the glacier and surrounding features.
Wilcox Pass 8 km to the pass and back, 11.2 km one way to Tangle Falls (4-6 hours)
Trail. A side trip of 200 m across the tundra to the left (west) will take you to a grand view of (left to right), Mt. Athabasca, Mt. Andromeda, the Athabasca Glacier, Snow Dome, the Dome Glacier and Mt. Kitchener. Note: the pass area can be snowy until late July.
Most hikers go no farther than the summit marker, but good route-finders can follow the indistinct, boggy trail northward. Keep to the left, along the base of Wilcox Peak, until you descend steeply past two small ponds, after which the trail improves. It follows the valley of Tangle Creek down to Highway 93 at the Tangle Falls parking area, 96 km south of Jasper.
Parker Ridge 5.2 km return (2-3 hours)
Trailhead: 8.8 km south of the Icefield Centre on Highway 93, past Hilda Creek Hostel. Look for the hiker sign at the large parking lot on the right..
Nigel Pass 14.4 km return (full-day hike)
Trailhead: 12.
Warning!
Unless you are with a professionally guided group, stay within the safe, fenced-in area of the Athabasca Glacier. Over the years several people have died from falling into crevasses. These deep, ice-cold cracks in the glacier lie hidden below a thin covering of snow that may collapse under a person's weight. Millwellsplaces where meltwater plunges down deep vertical shafts in the iceare slippery around their entrances and extremely dangerous. Glacier travel outside the safe area should be attempted only by experienced and properly equipped mountaineers.
<|endofexample|>
More Tech Industry Articles
- 12 September 2011
News: Apple's iPad dominates UK tablet sales - report
Apple has got nearly three-quarters of the UK's tablet PC market tied up, according to a report.
News: Broadcom to pay $3.7B for comms processor maker NetLogic
The story, "Broadcom to pay $3.7B for comms processor maker NetLogic," misstated NetLogic Microsystem's company name in the headline, first and fourth paragraphs, all of which have been corrected on the wire and now read, in that order:
News: Google Wants Seat at Dinner Table With Zagat Buy
Google’s acquisition of Zagat -- a trusted source of restaurant, hotel and destination reviews -- shows the Internet search leader means business about creating and maintaining original content in a way it hasn't before.
News: EU votes to extend music copyright lifetime
Despite last-ditch attempts last week by 41 European parliamentarians to block it, the European General Affairs Council on Monday approved plans to extend the copyright protection time for music recordings from 50 to 70 years.
News: Broadcom to pay $3.7B for comms processor maker NetLogics
Broadcom has agreed to acquire communications processor company NetLogics Microsystems for US$3.7 billion, the companies announced Monday.
News: 2010's IT Companies to Watch: Where are they now?
A year later, we take a look at the progress made by 2010's 25 New IT Companies to Watch.
- 10 September 2011.
- 09 September 2011
News: Ellison, Page ordered to mediation
Oracle CEO Larry Ellison and Google CEO Larry Page must sit down and try to work out a settlement on Sept. 19, according to a court order filed on Friday.
News: SAP to plead guilty to DOJ criminal charges
Former SAP subsidiary TomorrowNow will plead guilty to criminal charges of copyright infringement for downloading software from Oracle's servers.: Online seller of counterfeit credit cards gets prison time
An Indiana man who manufactured counterfeit credit cards and sold them online was sentenced Friday to 14 years in prison for wire fraud and aggravated identity theft, the U.S. Department of Justice said.
News: Dish, LightSquared place long 4G bets
LightSquared's and Dish Network's proposals to use satellite spectrum for 4G networks aren't necessarily competing for FCC approval, but either one could make the U.S. mobile broadband business more competitive if it clears significant hurdles.: Smartphones now number 1 mobile
The era of the smartphone has truly begun, with news that smartphone shipments outstripped lower-end feature phones in the second quarter of 2011.
News: Grand jury indicts alleged video download site operators
A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, has indicted five people allegedly involved with video download site NinjaVideo.net on conspiracy and copyright infringement charges, the U.S. Department of Justice said Friday.
News: SAP to plead guilty to DOJ criminal charges
Former SAP subsidiary TomorrowNow will plead guilty to criminal charges of copyright infringement for downloading software from Oracle's servers.
News: Nvidia CEO: Intel ousted company from chipset market
Nvidia concluded that it would exit the chipset business as Intel made it impossible for the company to operate in the market, the company's CEO Jen-Hsun Huang said this week.
News: Apple's US employees can get $10,000 charitable donations matched
New Apple CEO Tim Cook has sent an email to all US employees offering to match any personal charitable contributions of up to the value of $10,000 per year.
News: Web paths are personal data says consumer group
A leading international consumer group has called on the United States Federal Trade Commission and the European Union’s main body for data protection, the Article 29 Working Group, to reject self-regulation of online behavioral.
<|endofexample|>
Phase one of a patent trial between Microsoft and Motorola Mobility has concluded in Washington state, and the presiding judge will now try to calculate what he thinks is a fair royalty rate for Motorola's patents.
The trial started last Tuesday and has seen the two sides arguing over what would be a fair price for the use of Motorola patents that are essential to the 802.11 wireless LAN and H.264 video standards.
Because the two sides couldn't agree on a price, the judge heard evidence and expert testimony at trial to help him calculate it for them. The outcome could have implications for other disputes involving so-called standards-essential patents.
When companies agree to have their patented technology incorporated into a standard, they're required to license the technology to others on reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms.
Microsoft filed its lawsuit against Motorola Mobility, since acquired by Google, because it said the company was asking too much for the use of its patents. Microsoft says the rate should be set by looking at patent pools like the one formed around MPEG LA. Motorola favors a method based on two companies negotiating and says its rate is fair.
The outcome is seen as important because it could establish a methodology for calculating royalty rates for standards-essential patents, which could then be applied to other cases where essential patents are in dispute.
The trial, at the U.S. District Court in Seattle, is being held in two parts. The first was to determine a fair royalty rate, and the second will be to determine if Motorola breached a contract by charging Microsoft too much.
The judge hearing the case, James Robart, asked the two sides to file further legal briefs by Dec. 14, according to a reporter in the courtroom. He's not expected to arrive at his decision until next spring, according to other reports from the court, around the time that the second phase of the trial will begin.
James Niccolai covers data centers and general technology news for IDG News Service. Follow James on Twitter at @jniccolai. James's e-mail address is james_niccolai@idg.com
<|endofexample|>
.
"Several factors are driving the strong growth in Bluetooth and even more in Wi-Fi chipset markets," notes practice director Philip Solis.
"Average selling prices for both technologies continue to fall. Wi-Fi will get a big boost from Wi-Fi Direct, which allows direct peer-to-peer communication between devices at short range.
.
<|endofexample|>
Investors have taken legal action against HP over its botched acquisition of Autonomy, which shareholders claim has resulted in the company's falling stock price.
The suit follows HP's announcement of a £5.5 billion writedown of Autonomy, after an internal investigation allegedly found that the British company was substantially overvalued at the time of acquisition. It said that Autonomy had misrepresented its financial performance, including its revenue, core growth rate and gross margins, and misrepresentation of its business mix.
Autonomy founder and CEO Mike Lynch completely denied the claims and instantly reverted the blame back to HP and the auditors that were involved with the acquisition.
Both the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the UK's Serious Fraud Office have been alerted to the claims.
According to the Financial Times, the class action suit that has now been filed against HP claims that it issued false and misleading statements on its financial performance and prospects between August 2011, when the Autonomy deal was announced, and 20th November this year, when it announced the multi-billion pound writedown.
Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd, a firm specialising in class action lawsuits, filed against HP on Monday in San Francisco, and named only one investor that has been affected, Allan Nicolow.
He bought 200 shares in May at $21.87 (£13.64) each. HP shares closed at $11.71 (£7.30) on 20th November.
The suit names Leo Apotheker, former CEO of HP, Meg Whitman, current CEO, Cathie Lesjak, chief financial officer, and Jim Murrin, former chief accounting officer.
It claims that when HP had agreed to acquire Autonomy 'in principle', the defendants (Apotheker etc.) were looking to unwind the deal "in light of the accounting irregularities that plagued Auonomy's financial statements."
The suit also claims that the defendents had concealed from investors the extent of the decline of HP's Enterprise Services Business, which is made up largely of its $14 billion (£8.7 billion) acquisition of EDS.
Research group IDC has said that HP customers should seek 'formal assurances' about the future of Autonomy's products.
<|endofexample|>
Despite the huge interest in Microsoft’s Surface tablets the company’s share of the booming tablet market is expected to be miniscule this year, dwarfed by iPad and Android .
Microsoft Surface tablet
ABI Research expects Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows RT-based tablets to account for only 1.3 percent of 2012 global shipments; having little impact on the market this year.
See also: Microsoft Surface review
This is due to lack of adoption for Windows 7, but primarily due to the late-in-year launches of Windows RT and Windows 8 operating systems (estimated to become available in select devices starting in October).
Related: Windows tablets reviewed
Microsoft is starting with a two-prong device strategy: a Windows RT-based ARM tablet powered by an NVIDIA applications processor, and a Windows 8 Pro tablet based on Intel’s x86 architecture.
Visit: Microsoft Surface RT vs Apple iPad comparison review.
Each will appeal to a different audience type, offer different features and functionality, and be available for different price points.
In 2011, 98 percent of all media tablets were based on ARM processor architecture.
This fragmented OS strategy with Windows RT and Windows 8 mirrors Google’s mobile plan, which has been chastised for by developers of the Android OS., predicts ABI,, says ABI.
Tablet Advisor: Tablet PC reviews and reviews
Waynebaal said: Wowa device not expected to be released until October 2012 will only have aminusculepercentage of 2012 sales Amazing bit of insight from the analysts
<|endofexample|>
Windows 2000 Professional, the desktop part of Windows 2000, is more stable, more secure, and easier to use than Windows NT 4 Workstation. It's not an obvious upgrade for every system, but medium-size and large enterprises should strongly consider Windows 2000 Professional for new systems. And unlike Windows NT 4, Windows 2000 Professional is a great notebook OS. For the average home or home-office user or the less savvy small-business user Windows 2000 Professional is still a little too large and too complex compared with Windows 98.
Windows 2000's user interface closely resembles that of Windows 98, with a few new bells and whistles thrown in. For example, the new Personalized Menus feature tracks your use of the interface and hides options in the Programs list that you have not used recently. You can see the hidden options by clicking on a double arrow at the bottom of the menu.
Windows 2000 also includes all the goodies that come with Internet Explorer 5, such as the ability to drag items directly to, from, and within the Start and Favorites menus. You can shut off parts of the default interface, such as the Quick Launch bar next to the Start.
<|endofexample|>
The.
The concept of the Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania Contest has its roots in the 1960s, when the eyes and ears of our country’s citizens were focused on the high-spirited, commitment-minded younger generation. Across the nation, credit unions were taking a serious look at how they could better serve young members and gain their loyalty. As the average credit union membership approached middle age, youth came to be regarded as a vital resource.
The Youth Ambassador Contest of Pennsylvania began as the Miss Credit Union of Pennsylvania Contest in 1971. Five years later, credit union leaders took a hard look at the nature of the contest and decided that some changes were in order. In 1976, the first Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania Contest was held. Young credit union members, aged 17 to 25, were eligible to participate, regardless of sex or marital status.
Over the years, hundreds of young people have been involved with the Youth Ambassador Contest, in the process learning more about the unique financial institutions of which they are members. Many have gone on to achieve leadership positions in credit unions and chapters.
The Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania Contest is actually a three-step process. Each participating credit union selects one candidate to compete in a chapter-level contest. Chapter winners, or Chapter Youth Ambassadors, compete during the State Finals, held as part of the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association’s Annual Convention, where the Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania is named.
The chapters play a central role in the process. Each chapter must first decide to host a contest. The chapter then invites individual credit unions to select and send candidates to the chapter-level contest. Without chapter participation, young people from credit unions within that chapter cannot advance to the State Finals.
The Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania is selected each year during the State Finals, held in conjunction with the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association’s Annual Convention & Exposition. Each Chapter Youth Ambassador becomes eligible for the State Finals. From among the chapter winners, the judges select the new titleholder.
Contestants are judged by the results of a written examination, an informal meeting with the judges and a short oral presentation during the contest itself.
Judging the Candidates — The state-level judging will be based on the same criteria and valuations used at the chapter level: Credit Union Knowledge – 35%; Ability to Communicate – 35%; Personality – 20%; and Professional Appearance – 10%.
Written Examination — The credit union knowledge portion of the judging will be determined through a written examination. This portion of the State Finals should not be difficult for the candidate who is familiar with the credit union operation, history, and philosophy. The PCUA makes an informational mailing to all contestants in January, well in advance of the State Finals, so they can prepare for the written examination. All contestants are provided with the same materials from which the exam questions are taken.
Oral Presentation — Each contestant will be asked to present a short two-minute speech on a pre-selected credit union subject as part of the State Finals. This presentation will be given before an audience of persons attending the PCUA Annual Convention. The contestants will be provided with a list from which they may choose their own speech topic.
Contest Awards — The first-place winner receives a $1,000 cash prize. The first and second alternates receive $750 and $500 respectively.
The role of the Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania will be an active one. The Youth Ambassador will take part in a number of PCUA-sponsored promotional activities, such as speaking at the Association’s conferences and speaking at chapter meetings. He or she may be called upon to attend various meetings or functions throughout the year.
To protect the interests of the credit union movement, all appearances of the Youth Ambassador as a representative of the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association must be coordinated by and cleared through the PCUA.
The Youth Ambassador will be expected to speak for and to work for youth involvement in credit unions throughout the Commonwealth. He or she will have the opportunity to travel to several areas of the state, meet interesting people, and will receive significant personal recognition for the credit union, chapter, and PCUA. It will be a year of new friendships and personal enrichment — one not readily forgotten.
The Youth Ambassador will be expected to represent the credit unions of the Commonwealth to the very best of his or her ability in all official functions and appearances involved with the title.
Expenses — The PCUA will remain in contact with the Youth Ambassador and will make arrangements for attendance at events to which he or she is invited. Out-of-pocket expenses of the state Credit Union Youth Ambassador in connection with approved functions will be paid by the PCUA.
The Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania Contest is sponsored annually by the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association and its member credit unions through participating chapters.
1. Contestants must be at least 17 years of age and no more than 25 years of age by December 31 prior to the State Finals, held in conjunction with the PCUA Annual Convention in spring.
2. Contestants must belong to a PCUA-affiliated credit union and must be sponsored by a chapter that has provided equal opportunity for all its member credit unions to participate in the competition. Equal opportunity includes advance written notice of the chapter contest simultaneously given to all credit unions in a chapter area.
3. Each participating credit union in the chapter-level contest may be represented by only one contestant. Each eligible chapter may be represented only by one contestant in the State Finals. If more than one contestant exists, a winner must be decided. For credit unions that have branches in other chapter areas or are associate chapter members, the credit union must participate in the contest of the home-based chapter.
4. Chapter contests may be held between June 1 and December 31. Chapters must submit a completed Chapter Participation Form to the PCUA indicating that they plan to sponsor a contest. Chapters must inform every credit union in the chapter in writing that a contest will be held; the PCUA will notify credit unions at the chapter’s request. A copy of this announcement must be received by the PCUA in advance of the chapter contest.
5. Judging at the State Finals will be based on the following criteria:
A portion of the judging at the State Finals will be based on a comprehensive written examination, and a portion on an oral presentation before a credit union audience.
6. Individual credit unions and chapters may devise their own judging criteria or may use the State Finals criteria as a model. The criteria should include the candidates’ knowledge of credit unions. The credit union contest and chapter contest should give a candidate experience in speaking to an audience on a credit union-related subject, in preparation for the State Finals.
7. If they so choose, individual credit unions and chapters may award prizes, cash or otherwise, to their youth ambassadors and alternates at the end of a contest.
8. Each credit union will be responsible for its candidate’s expenses in connection with the chapter contest.
9. Winners of credit union contests automatically become eligible for a chapter contest, provided all rules have been properly observed and the chapter has agreed to host a contest. Winners of chapter contests become eligible for the State Finals, provided all rules have been properly observed.
10. Each sponsoring chapter must provide to the PCUA, no later than December 31 of the year in which the chapter contest is held:
In the case of a candidate under 18 years of age, a photo release form must be signed by the parent or guardian. Materials should be forwarded to: Credit Union Youth Ambassador Contest Coordinator, Pennsylvania Credit Union Association, 4309 North Front Street, P.O. Box 60007, Harrisburg, PA 17106-0007.
11. The chapter is responsible for expenses incurred in connection with the State Finals. Chapter expenses at the State Finals include:
The PCUA will make individual room reservations for all contestants for the state finals. Arrangements can be made for a spouse / guest / signficant other to attend, subject to approval of the chapter or sponsoring credit union (which is paying the bill). The PCUA will not make reservations for family members.
12. The winner of the state contest will hold the title of Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania (unless revoked for cause) for one year, until a successor is selected at the following year’s convention. Cash awards will be presented to the Youth Ambassador, First Alternate, and Second Alternate.
13. Individuals receiving the title of Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania become ineligible to re-enter future contests.
All participants in the State Finals, including the first and second alternates, may not compete during the immediate following year. After skipping one year, participants in the State Finals may compete again for the title, after repeating the process of being sponsored by a credit union and a chapter.
14. In the event that the Credit Union National Association, Inc. or any of its affiliated organizations should sponsor a regional or national contest, the Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania will be expected to compete as a representative of the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association.
15. If for any reason the Youth Ambassador should be unable to complete his or her one-year term, the title will be passed to the First Alternate. In the event that the First Alternate is unable to serve, the title will pass to the Second Alternate.
16. Ineligible to participate at any level of the competition are employees and directors of the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association and its affiliated organizations, and members of their immediate families. Staff members of the Association and its affiliates are prohibited from serving as judges of any Youth Ambassador Contest (including Chapter contests) in the state.
Everyone benefits by participating in the contest, because it generates interest and excitement for members of all ages and demonstrates that credit unions are interested in the future of young people. It teaches young members about credit union history, philosophy, and operations. And, most importantly, it helps prepare young people for leadership roles in the credit union movement.
If you have questions, contact:
Janet Johnson, Association Communications Specialist
1-800-932-0661 ext. 5233;
Mailing address:
<|endofexample|>
The Nokia N8 User Guide recently found at Nokia’s Server
The file is located on Nokia’s own site, so this should be the final version.
Download the Nokia N8-00 User Guide here.
Copyright © 2010 PDF n Manual. All trademarks are the property of the respective trademark owners. All rights reserved. PDF Search is designed by BFT. Powered by WordPress & Yahoo! Search.
<|endofexample|>
Chimney Rock DGC
Please login in order to update or add a course.
Course Description:
400' down fairway for #2. Into the woods for holes 3-5, then back out for 6-9.
Course Established: 2003
Additional Course Information:
Additional Course Information for Chimney Rock DGC:
Directions:
From Route 22 take Chimney Rock Rd. north 3 miles to the park on right. 1st tee by basketball courts.
<|endofexample|>
Blocking Software Reports
BESS
Cyber Patrol
WebSENSE
Net Nanny
SmartFilter
X-Stop / 8e6
I-Gear
CYBERsitter
About Peacefire
Join Peacefire
Blocking Software FAQ
Press information
All contents©1996-2010 Peacefire
webmaster@
peacefire.org
Blocking Software Reports
BESS
Cyber Patrol
WebSENSE
Net Nanny
SmartFilter
X-Stop / 8e6
I-Gear
CYBERsitter
About Peacefire
Join Peacefire
Blocking Software FAQ
Press information
All contents©1996-2010 Peacefire
webmaster@
peacefire.org
1. First, try a circumvention site like.
Be sure to type https at the beginning of the URL, not 'http'. Even though this site has
been widely known for months, many networks have their blocking software set up incorrectly so
that sites beginning with https:// are not blocked, and
will still be accessible..
4. If you're trying to get around blocking software that's installed on the local computer, and
not on the network, use
these instructions to boot from the Ubuntu Live CD.
(These instructions include tips on how to tell the difference between blocking software that's
installed "on the local computer" and software that's installed "on the network".)
Past news items that generated the most interest:
Report on double standards for anti-gay "hate speech"
Peacefire created four pages, on free servers such as GeoCities, which consisted of anti-gay
quotes copied from four different conservative
Web sites: Dr. Laura,
Concerned Women for America,
Family Research Council and
Focus on the Family. Using anonymous HotMail accounts,
we then sent the URLs of the newly created pages to six blocking software companies, recommending
that they block the newly created pages as "hate speech".
After the companies had agreed to block the sites we created, we told
them that all the quotes on those pages had been taken from the four conservative Web sites, and
asked why they didn't block those pages as well. The blocking companies did not block those
Web sites and did not respond to our inquiries.
WebSENSE publishing daily porn links
For five months, the makers of WebSENSE blocking software published a daily list
of pornographic Web sites that were not blocked by their competitors, allegedly to
show that their own product was superior. Students using the Internet in schools
that were using those competitors' products, could access the WebSENSE site and
get a list of unblocked porn sites, by clicking a link agreeing that they were over
18 years of age.
Human rights pages blocked
In December 2000, Peacefire released
Amnesty Intercepted, a report on
human rights pages including Amnesty International that were blocked by blocking software.
Candidates' sites blocked during 2000
elections
In November 2000, Peacefire released a list of political candidates whose sites had been blocked
as "pornography" by major blocking programs. One candidate had carried the statement on his
Web site, "We should demand that all public schools and libraries install and configure Internet Filters."
He changed his position after finding out that his own site was blocked, and later became a plaintiff
in the ACLU's lawsuit to overturn a law requiring blocking
software in schools and libraries.
Pro-blocking site blocked
In July 1997, librarian David Burt launched the now-defunct FilteringFacts.org site, advocating the
use of blocking software in libraries. The site was later
blocked as a "Drugs/Alcohol" site
by SurfWatch (which has since been bought out by Cyber Patrol).
<|endofexample|>
Shit to Ponder on
Get flash to fully experience Pearltrees
SaudadeSaud word that has no direct translation in English . It describes a deep emotional state of nostalgic longing for an absent something or someone that one loves. Moreover, it often carries a repressed knowledge that the object of longing will.
What Mimicking One's Language Style May Mean About the Relationship | The University of Texas at AustinOct.."
Study traces neural wiring of a running mouse
Philosophy
<|endofexample|>
Music
<
Entertainment
<
ninjaman
Get flash to fully experience Pearltrees
► Teardrop by Massive Attack | End of the World - Tunes That Will Give You Goosebumps | loud_wire | 8tracks
Music Roamer - Discover New:
Concert Vault - Live Concert Recordings Streamed Online
A New Concert Vault: Bigger and Better Than Ever... and Now on iPad! Join, Upgrade, or Renew now for even more Concert Vault. We've released an incredible iPad app that gives members full access to all of our concerts, daily features, and videos. It even recommends music based on your listening history and includes seamless AirPlay support. Also, members now get TWO FREE featured downloads per week, hand-picked by our Editors. And for a limited time, you can also get a FREE exclusive vinyl edition of a never-before-released 1978 Van Morrison concert when you join, upgrade, or gift an annual membership.
100 Riffs (A Brief History of Rock N' Roll) | Soundslice
Gnoosic - Discover new Music
Discover Music
Music
Recommendation engines
Music Discovery
Books
[+]
Film gnoosic discover
Music Sites hunted
Music simply
Music songs great movies
Music descargar
Music Online. unnamed pickin
music discovery ambient discover classical
Música discover internet
Music Discovery electro
Internet Radio hayley
to Curate video libre
music slightly world tunes
Music, Film, Arts night website middle
Discovery greatest movies women
Music junly monks
Discover Music online listen gnoosic
Ecoutes en lignes musique
Find New Music everyones gnoosic
Discover & Mixes & Radios lessonsix videos jukesy
Travel ultimate fairytale
Cool Interactive Things visualize
Miscellaneous maria movies
music ultimate songs
Music Discovery Sites pandora
Music stereomood mumford enjoy
music unlimited pandora internet
MUSIC radio
Discovery enjoy
New Musica songs ultimate music
Find New Music
Musics listen whitehead online
généralistes hunted
stuff breaking planet galaxy
music songs
Music vampire singles grooveshark
music voice international
VARIOS music animal
Music stereomood million movies
Music swings internet lyrics
Travel planing plnnr
General Travel Planning select château ultimate
Music,Video ninja display
•
•
•
fb
•
twitter
to experience pearltrees activate javascript.
Get flash to fully experience Pearltrees
<|endofexample|>
- information
- Events
- involvement
- news
Register Now
Saturday, May 11, 2013
7:00 PM – 10:00 PM
Registration 7-8pm. Located near the entrance of the Compton Gardens Conference Center
Optional guided tours of the Trails at 7pm & 7:30pm
312 N. Main Street, Bentonville
Stroll our unique and lovely grounds while sampling the best of wine and paired food accompaniments. Later, enjoy the evening with friends at tables arranged both on the grounds and inside the Center. Complimentary champagne and perhaps your favorite wine of the evening will be available with a sumptuous array of hors d’uevres for your pleasure.
Cost is $75 per person.* All funds raised will support programs under the direction of The Peel Compton Foundation
Attendance is limited, so reserve your space by calling 479.254.3870 or by registering using the form below
Note: Reservations are not confirmed until payment is received
No tickets will be issued for the event. Your name will be at the check-in site..
<|endofexample|>
Similar
Stories
Wednesday, October 10, 2007
Pegasus Theatre announces new “Living Black & White” show
World premiere of a brand new Harry Hunsacker adventure coming to the Eisemann Center at the end of the year.
Full Moon Murders Previews
- Sat
- Dec
- 29th
- 8PM
- Charles W. Eisemann Center
- 2351 Performance Drive
Richardson, TX
- Age limit: All ages $10 - $20
Pegasus Theatre returns again, with the world premiere of a brand new Harry Hunsacker adventure presented in "Living Black & White" called Full Moon Murders! Kurt Kleinmann returns as Harry Hunsacker in this production at the Eisemann Center in Richardson, directed by Susan Sargeant. The cast features Raymond Banda, Josh Glover, Todd Haberkorn, Tim Honnoll, Greg Pugh, Mike Schraeder, Ben Schroth, Carrie Slaughter, and Laura Yancey. Rodney Dobbs will design the set; Sam Nance will design the lighting; Aaron Patrick Turner will design the costumes.
There will be a special New Year's Eve performance with Black & White party favors, live entertainment, champagne and dessert after the show, and a toast to the New Year with the cast and crew on December 31, 2007 starting at 9 p.m.
John Creighton lives with a curse on his head—a curse that will transform him into a werewolf during the first full moon after his 30th birthday! When bodies start turning up near his home he fears the worst. Is he doomed by his family name or is there something even more sinister afoot? It’s up to would-be actor turned would-be detective Harry Hunsacker and his paid-by-the-hour assistant Nigel Grouse (along with Lt. Foster of the real police) to get to the truth. An affectionate parody of the Golden Age of detective films of the 1930s and '40s, this new comedy murder-mystery will delight the whole family.
Full Moon Murders! opens officially on January 3, 2008 and runs through January 27, 2008, for a limited engagement, with performances Thursday, Friday, and Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets for are on sale now online or by calling 972-744-4650.
Performances are January 3 - January 27, 2008 with a special New Year's Eve performance and preview performances on Saturday, December 29, 2007 and Sunday, December 30, 2007.
Source: Pegasus Theatre?
<|endofexample|>
Similar
Stories
Sunday, September 26, 2010
Photos: NFL wives’ fashion show models clothing by Dallas designer Abi Ferrin
The clothing is termed, "fashion with freedom and purpose."
DALLAS The NFL Wives Retreat fashion show on Saturday showcased Dallas designer Abi Ferrin's new fall collection. Hosted at Ferrin's studio at the South Side Lamar building by Willis & Woy Sports Group, NFL wives from all over the U.S. came together to enjoy fashion, shop, and even model the fabulous clothing.
Four mannequins dressed in Ferrin’s hottest designs were placed right at the entrance, with handbags by Lisa Barfield and bulky jewelry by Nest Jewelry placed on the mannequins and on tables.
When the NFL wives arrived, there was never a dull moment. Endless vodka and champagne was poured while the women chatted, skimmed the clothing, and tried on favorites. Renee Reese, wife of former NFL player Ike Reese, organized the event.
Sherice Brown, wife of Tim Brown, former wide receiver for the Oakland Raiders and 1987 Heisman trophy winner, modeled a fuchsia colored dress by Ferrin. The extremely sweet Julie Dorenbos, wife of Philadelphia Eagles long snapper Jon Dorenbos, modeled a cute outfit and donned her own pair of chic camouflage stilettos with a brown Ferrin romper. Two other wives enjoyed the event: Brooke Jones, wife of Tampa Bay Buccaneers safety Sean Jones; and Megan Brown, wife of wide receiver free agent Reggie Brown. We were surprised we didn’t run into any Dallas Cowboys wives.
Ferrin took us behind the scenes of her studio, where we saw an open space with sewing machines, a dry erase board, and clippings of fabric – the studio of a mastermind. Ferrin’s collection is sold at her studio in the South Side Lamar building, Rich Hippie at Inwood Village, and The Shak by Stanley Korshak.
We had the chance to talk with Ferrin about her fall collection, the event, the future, and her Freedom Project, a humanitarian effort to empower Nepali and Cambodian women by teaching them to make fashion items.
PegNews: How did you get involved with the NFL Wives Retreat event?
Ferrin: Lea from Willis and Woy has been supporting our brand for a couple of years, and she made an introduction to Renee Reese, wife of former NFL Ike Reese. She has started introducing us to other player’s wives … and we connected with other players' wives in the area. They do an annual retreat and they like to have a shopping event, and asked me if I would host it.
What inspired your fall collection?
I guess I did a kind of [an] architectural collection for fall. I didn’t have a specific location in mind. It's very architectural, modern, clean edges and lines. I was inspired by a lot of different women in the different areas I worked with in Nepal and Cambodia … We did a lot of industrial zippers and we did the kimono sleeves.
Are there any specific colors for the fall?
We have taken charcoal as our black for the fall, and emerald and plum for our holiday collection. My holiday collection coming in is very romantic and we have some lace and sequin.
What can we expect for spring?
I am really excited about spring because I was able to go to Saint Tropez in July and get inspiration. We are doing 1950 themed French Riviera Saint Tropez. We are going a different direction; I usually do bold strong colors … We will bring softer colors, bringing in sands and beige. We will have a little pop of choral, and turquoise and aqua. Brigitte Bardot is our muse.
What inspired you to make the Freedom Project handbags?
These handbags are actually not made by me. They’re my designs but they’re made by women rescued out of human trafficking situations. They are then trained, loved on, and put into a shelter situation, and once they get strong enough, they get to choose what kind of project they might want to be involved in to build a career. They are taught how to sew, carve, and create jewelry.
How did you come up with the overall idea for the Freedom Project?
My sister is a fulltime humanitarian, and I initially thought I would finance her with the success of my business once it grew, but before I even got successful, she identified these people … They were selling crafts and I saw the skill-set, and I said ‘Well, I can design the pieces and use them in my collection.’ Each garment has a button in the hangtag, so each garment sold supports them even if it’s not in the detail. And that’s why our tagline is Fashion with freedom and purpose.chrisg88, anonymous:
Great read. Very rich in content, got the recap of the event, interview with the designer and information about a great cause.
Link to this comment | Suggest removal
rjkkhoury, anonymous:
Thanks Kevin!
Link to this comment | Suggest removal
What do you think?
<|endofexample|>
Similar
Stories
Monday, March 11, 2013
Photos: Knitting fools yarn-bombed Dallas Heritage Village
Now through April 27, barnyard animals made of yarn are making an extended visit.
Photo by Alexandra Olivia
The vegetable garden behind the Gano-Log House gets bombed with yarn carrots, potatoes, and bunches of radishes.
D.
Photo by Alexandra Olivia
Lurline Russle has been familiar with knitting since high school, but didn't pick the hobby back up until a little over a year ago when she discovered the Dallas Yarn Bombers group. She knits the water fountain on Main Street at The Heritage Village in Dallas on Sunday, March 10, 2013.
.
Photo by Alexandra Olivia
The Bombers don't just create beautiful works of art on trees; they also knitted horses at The Heritage Village in Dallas.
," she said.
tammy1389, anonymous:
Fabulous!!!!!
Link to this comment | Suggest removal
What do you think?
<|endofexample|>
Fennix has done it again, with the recent release of an explosive collection of mens exotic leather sneakers, sport boots, and loafers. The Fennix Alligator Dress Lace Up is an exquisitely made genuine alligator loafer with classic lines, and is perfect for a night on the town. Comes in black, wine, blue, or gray. The Fennix Caiman Hornback and Calf Sport Boot is an ultra hip rubber sole boot that will turn heads and offer extreme comfort and style during the winter months. The boot is available in three colors: black, brown, or peanut. The Fennix Caiman Hornback & Ostrich Sneaker will have people glaring at your feet, marveling at the artistry of the ultimate sneaker. The sneaker features incredible exotic skins and the signature Fennix Italy trademark alligator head. The rubber sole provides hours of comfortable foot travel. These are just a few of the extremely impressive new collection from the Fennix mens shoes line. Come shop with us at Pelle Line and get a great Fennix shoe at a great price.
Recent Posts
Categories
Archives
Blogroll
Tagsalden alden shell cordovan alden shoes aldo brue sale caporicci sale cole haan men's new arrivals cole haan spring 2011 shoes exclusive magnanni shoe styles fennix fennix italy boots fennix italy shoes fennix italy sneakers lloyd mens shoes lloyd mens shoes discount lloyd mens shoes germany lloyd mens shoes online lloyd shoes lloyd shoes online magnanni exotic shoes magnanni mens dress shoes magnanni sale magnanni suede woven loafer 13059 men's exotic shoes sale mens exotic shoe sale mezlan discounted shoes mezlan sale romano martegani sale shell cordovan shoes
<|endofexample|>
The main results of the PELLETS@LAS project are directly visible on this website: the database on European pellet market actors and pellet production, prices and consumption throughout Europe
Other immediate results such as handbooks, reports, tools, papers, posters and presentations are published on this website as well. Please refer to the menu option Publications for downloadable material.
The final report of project deliverables can be downloaded HERE (705 kb)
<|endofexample|>
Stop the presses: our ForestChoice reporter's notebooks are eco-friendly, high quality, and perfect for the on-the-go reporter or writer in all of us. How's that for a scoop?.
Check items to add to the cart or select all
ForestChoice Medium Flex Notebook Triple Set
ForestChoice #2 Graphite Pencils (12 Pack)
ForestChoice Small Hardcover Notebook
ForestChoice Medium Ruled Hardcover Reporter Pad
ForestChoice Color Pencils (12 Count)
<|endofexample|>
Residential concern: David Chalke, of Tyabb, is worried the permit conditions at Tyabb Airfield are not being adhered to. Picture: Gary Sissons
A TYABB resident has called on Mornington Peninsula Shire Council to monitor the Tyabb Airfield more closely to protect the safety of nearby residents.
David Chalke said he was disgusted by a response he received from the shire which stated it would not be monitoring the airfield during the Tyabb Air Show on March 4. "That is the day of all days the council should be monitoring it."
Mr Chalke said he was primarily concerned for residents' safety, following numerous accidents over the years. Last August, a pilot was lucky to walk away from a plane which crashed at the airfield.
WHAT DO YOU THINK? SCROLL TO BELOW THIS STORY TO POST A COMMENT.
Mr Chalke said problems arose mainly from the airport being largely unmonitored. "It is basically a paddock where people take off and land planes without any supervision.
"These are amateur pilots who only fly on the odd occasion, they aren't commercial pilots landing at Tullamarine. If it isn't monitored, the potential for something going wrong is greater."
Mr Chalke said there needed to be a measure of supervision from federal authorities to ensure the airfield was properly controlled.
He has claimed a number of bomber and jet planes at the air show exceeded the airfield's size limits and larger planes exceeded noise restrictions.
"The noise can be quite horrific. You can be out in the garden with a brush-cutter and ear plugs and still be able to hear the noise. The smaller aircraft aren't a problem, it is just the bigger planes."
Peninsula Aero Club president Peter Bernardi said the air show was run strictly in accordance with permit conditions. "No planes that landed at the Tyabb Air Show were above the weight limit. We stuck to the permit conditions."
Mr Bernardi said there were no safety concerns with larger planes landing at the airfield, which was a rare event.
He said there were some planes displayed at the air show that did not fly and other, larger planes flew over the site but did not land. Mr Bernardi said he was not aware of any other complaints about the air show.
Mr Chalke said he had no problem with the airfield as a whole, and just wanted to see permit conditions enforced.
Shire statutory planning manager Angela Hughes said the Tyabb Airfield was subject to three planning permits, issued in 1965, 1972 and 1991,
These permits aimed to limit the impact of the airfield on the surrounding township.
The shire told the Weekly that sustainable environment director Stephen Chapple wrote to the Tyabb and District Ratepayers Association on February 21 in response to queries about how the council would monitor planning permit compliance at the air show.
Mr Chapple stated the council would exercise its discretion not to take any enforcement action for the Tyabb Air Show.
<|endofexample|>
Reining in Wall Street
STANDING AGAINST THE BIG BANKS AND WALL STREET—For more than 20 years, Consumer Program Director Ed Mierzwinski has helped us stand up against big banks and credit card companies.
OUR FISCAL FUTURE
For years federal bank regulators ignored numerous warnings of increasingly predatory mortgage practices, credit card tricks and unfair overdraft policies used by the big Wall Street banks. They also ignored warnings of risky securities being packaged and sold to investors.
Since winning federal Wall Street reform, we’ve been working to defend those reforms from the industry’s attempts to defang, defund or delay them, in particular the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is the centerpiece of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
We’re working to:
• Put consumers and taxpayers before big banks. Check irresponsible financial practices with new rules and stronger, independent enforcement by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
• Cover all players and transactions. Rein in hedge funds and reckless investments that escaped regulations, and traded without oversight on “shadow markets.”
• Control corporations that are “too big to fail.” Banks shouldn’t be able to freely gamble with taxpayer money covering the bets. We must rein in institutions whose risky investments threaten the larger economy.
In short, we’re fighting for a financial regulatory system that guarantees consumers and taxpayers are protected from the predatory practices at the heart of this problem. And we need to provide consumers a seat at the table when it comes to oversight of the nation’s financial system.
- About
- Issues
- Act Now
- Jobs
- Donate
- Newsroom
Latest Reports
Tools & Resources
TOY SAFETYProtect your family and see what hidden hazards to watch out for.
Beat High Bank FeesA Consumer Guide to Shopping Around
-.
<|endofexample|>
Sort by:
View:
ROLLERSKATES Barely used! Men's size 13. Boots attached to (8) wheels, $95 OBO. 650-223-7187
SEMI ELLIPTICAL Manual, good condition, asking $50. 650-968-9496
MEN'S MOUNTAIN BIKE 26" wheels, 7 speed, good condition, $40. 408-658-5207
GIRL'S SOFTBALL BAG Ball, batting gloves, mitt, helmet, (2) bats, knee guards, shoes size 7.5, $45 takes all. 650-591-3313
WOMEN'S HUFFY BIKE 18-speed, mountain bike, 26" tires, good condition, $55. 650-591-3313
CALLAWAY GOLF BAG Has NIB lock system included, leather, black, used on a cart or by caddy, $100 OBO. 408-245-5015
LOUISVILLE GOLF PUTTER Handmade by Earth Wood Manufacturing, never used, $300 value, asking $75. 408-245-5015
GOLF BALLS (82) $0.80 each or $41 all. 650-368-6244
BASEBALL BATS (10) metal, ash, fungo and kids. $10 each. 650-368-6244
Did you find what you were looking for?
<|endofexample|>
Who doesn't love free stuff? We sure do, which is why PennySaverUSA makes it easy to find free stuff in your neighborhood. Looking to get rid of something without selling it? Post free ads in our online classifieds and we're sure you'll find a reader in your community that's willing to take it off your hands. Be sure to check our coupons section for even more great deals!
<|endofexample|>
When the Penguins and the Flyers meet up, it's not a matter of if a fight will break out, it's a matter of when. It wasn't one of the usual suspects, though...at least not on the Penguins side. Rather than Eric Godard, it was Craig Adams going at it with Philadelphia's resident goon (or at least one of them) Ian Laperriere.
This one broke just over a minute into the game right out of a faceoff. Lappy connected several times with Adams' helmet, but Adams came back with a punch that didn't exactly connect, but helped get Lapperriere's helmet off. That's as far as it got, though, because as Lapperriere shifted his weight, Adams pushed him down to the ice. Very quick, and not much to look at.
This won't be the last time you see a Penguin fight a Flyer this season, and chances are Lapperriere will be involved again. Adams isn't known for his fighting (he only had two fights last season, both before he came to the Penguins), but you'll definitely see one of the Penguins pound on a Flyer again.
As for this one? Since neither player really got any kind of an advantage and it ended so quickly, I'm calling it a draw. Hopefully we'll see something better when the Penguins meet the Maple Leafs tomorrow. After all, we get to see our old buddy Colton Orr again, and we all know what happens when he's involved.
Thanks to hockeyfights.com for the video!
Poll
Who won the fight?
Craig Adams (72 votes)
Ian Laperriere (13 votes)
Draw (56 votes)
141 total votes
There are 6 Comments. Load Now.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!
<|endofexample|>
See more photos, news and a full bio
William Condemns Diana Book
Britain's Prince William, speaking for himself and his younger brother, condemned a new book about his mother, the late Princess Diana, on Friday at his first major news conference. "Of course, Harry and I are both quite upset by this -- that our mother's trust has been betrayed and that even now she's still being exploited," William, wearing a wheat-colored pullover sweater, told a group of reporters. The book, "Shadows of a Princess" by Diana's former private secretary (from 1987-1996, a year before her death), Patrick Jephson, reportedly portrays Diana as a scheming rebel who fabricated the truth, schemed, indulged herself in quack health therapies, binged on sweets and loved dirty jokes. In an excerpt that appeared in Sunday's Times of London yesterday, Jephson, who maintains that his book is a balanced portrait, writes: "She would laugh at anything. Sometimes I thought you could read her the phone book in a funny voice, then look at her expectantly, and she would laugh. She was that desperate to be happy."
<|endofexample|>
Photo SpecialStars' Vacation Hot Spots
From sunny Maui to snowy Aspen, see where Jessica Alba, Will Smith and others spend their winter break. By Serena Kappes
Credit: LFI
Updated: Thursday Jan 05, 2006 | 06:00 AM EST
More from PEOPLE
Latest News!
ST. BART'S
Ricky Martin and a pal keep their bodies in Speedo-friendly shape by doing a round of push-ups on Dec. 24. But it's back to work Jan. 15, when the singer picks up his tour in El Paso, Texas.
<|endofexample|>
11:07 PM EDT 04/13/2013
Cirque Du Soleil
Neil Patrick Harris Enjoying 40th Birthday Scavenger Hunt
Originally posted 04/02/2013 10:45AM
Neil Patrick Harris has embarked on the ultimate adventure – except he's got no idea where he's going.
The How I Met Your Mother actor is currently on a cross country scavenger hunt put together by his partner David Burtka for his birthday … three months early.
The celebration began on Saturday with a surprise party for Harris – who will turn 40 on June 15.
Cirque Du Soleil Announces New Michael Jackson-Themed Show in Las Vegas
Originally posted 02/21/2013 09:15PM
The.
Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield Find Spider-Man Inspiration in Hollywood
Originally posted 10/18/2012 06:00AM
The Amazing Spider-Man meets Cirque du Soleil!
Em.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson Takes His Boyfriend on a 'LOVE'-Filled Vegas Trip
Originally posted 09/11/2012 06:00AM
All you need is love!
Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson and boyfriend Justin Mikita took in a performance of The Beatles LOVE by Cirque du Soleil at The Mirage in Las Vegas on Saturday night.
Accompanied by a small group of friends, the couple attended LOVE as part of a birthday celebration for Mikita.
"They kept it low-key by ordering a few Fiji waters to sip on during the show," a source tells PEOPLE.
Afterwards, Ferguson, Mikita and their friends went backstage to meet the cast and crew.
It's all part of Mikita's "birthday week" celebration, as Ferguson Tweeted, sharing a photo of his beau with a festive birthday treat.
– Mark Gray
Kendall & Kylie Jenner Have a 'Sweet' Night in Sin City
Originally posted 05/17/2012 05:55AM
The
Christina Aguilera Takes Her Son to Cirque du Soleil
Originally posted 03/30/2012 05:55AM
Taking
Halle & Olivier Make a Date with Cirque du Soleil
<|endofexample|>
Age 54
Brunswick, OH
Locate the Georges Sportscards you are in search of with our people search tools. PeopleFinders.com has an information database to help you in your search to find a person based on age, past residences, relatives, aliases, and more. Georges Sportscards was born in 1958 and is 54 years old. Known relatives include Mary A Sherman, Christina Lynn Miller, Kenneth C Sherman, Gina Marie Sherman, Treresa M Sherman, Paul S Sherman, George R Sherman, Dale D Sherman, Vicki L Sherman.
There are numerous people named Georges Sportscorges Sportscards.
Use the search filter on the left to help find the right Georges Sportscards. Georges Sportscards and others with our easy to use tools.
<|endofexample|>
Eugene, OR
If you are searching out information about Robert Anstine then you have stumbled upon the right place. PeopleFinders.com is able to provide you with details about Robert Anst Anstine, all available details are presented along with the name. This data allows the users to seek out the Robert they are actually looking for. Data available includes information about relatives, residences and even aliases. If you find that the presented Robert is not the one you need, you can find a list of people with the last name Anst Robert Anstine. Once you have found the appropriate Robert Anstine, you are free to take your time to leisurely look through all the available public records data for Robert on our site.
<|endofexample|>
Palo Alto, CA
If you are gathering information about Sandy Gordon, then you are in the right place. PeopleFinders.com can present you with data on Sandy Gordon like known aliases, phone numbers, and email and physical addresses. Moreover, our impressive database of public records information and exclusive DataTsunami™ logic can help us track people down anyone you want with ease.
To help you place the correct Sandy Gordon, we include additional information we have available in our database. This data helps our users identify the precise Sandy they are looking for and contains details like relatives, previous residences, and known aliases. If the Sandy on this page is not the Sandy you are looking for, we have also provided a list of people with the last name Gordon below.
You can also refine your search query by keying in other details into the search fields on the left. By providing additional info—first name, middle name, last name, city, state and/or age—we can return more relevant results for your search of Sandy Gordon. And once you have noticed the Sandy Gordon you are looking for, you can take your time and look at all of the public records data for Sandy that we have available.
<|endofexample|>
If you are looking for someone with the last name Kaib, you are in the right place. If you browse through the results below you will discover there are numerous people with the last name Kaib. To help expedite your people search, you can restrict the number of results displayed by clicking on the link that displays the first name of the person you are looking to find.
After modifying your search results you will be shown a list of people with the last name Kaib that match the first name you chose. In addition, there are other types of people data such as date of birth, known locations, and possible relatives that can help you locate the specific person you are searching for.
If you have additional information about the person you are in search of, such as their last known address or phone number, you can type that in the search box above and further amend your results. This is an effective way to find the Kaib you are trying to spot, if you know more about them.
<|endofexample|>
2 results found in the United States
Were you hunting for Alice Macentee? If you look below you will find 2 people by that name in our database with an average age of 78. We also have records of Alice Macentee in CO and NY. With so many results we will surely have public records of the person you are looking to find.
To assist you in looking for the correct Alice you are trying to find we have compiled a list of Alice’s for you to glance at. To make the process more organized we have split it into four categories – Name, Age, Location and Relatives. By scrutinizing all our data on people with the name Alice.
<|endofexample|>
2 results found in Denver, CO
If you're in search of details about Bernice Turner in Denver, CO, then you're in the right place. PeopleFinders.com can expertly assist you in finding the information you need, such as criminal records, marriage records, and other public records for people like [Full Name]. Browse information about people with the last name Turner in Denver in our records and you are sure to find the person you are searching for.
In order to hasten the process of exploring data about Bernice in CO, we have segregated search results into four categories - age, aliases/name, possible relatives, and location. This makes it easier for our users to quickly go through all the people with the last name Turner below and consider the best possible match. Once you find the [Full Name] you are searching for, click through the View Details link on the right hand side for further information.
If your search for Bernice in Denver Denver, CO, click through to the Details page to see all the information we have to offer.
<|endofexample|>
3 results found in Bloomfield, CT
Have you been in search of information about Clifford Knight in Bloomfield, CT? PeopleFinders.com is a service that can expertly help you find information such as phone number, address, and other public data for individuals like Clifford Knight. Our database will dig up a list of people with the last name Knight in Bloomfield, so you can view and select the exact person you're looking for in no time at all.
To help expedite the process of locating data about the Clifford in CT you're looking for, we assemble search results into four categories - age, aliases/name, possible relatives, and location. By doing this, our users can now browse all the people with the last name Knight below in a jiffy, and select the best match from the listing. Once you have located the Clifford Knight you are looking for, go to the View Details link on the right hand side for extra details.
If you are finding it difficult to track down the correct Clifford in Bloomfield, then try your search again by using the search feature to the left. Try a different spelling variation for better results or try typing in any other information you may know like the person's complete name, city, state, and age. Once you find the right Clifford Knight in Bloomfield, CT, visit the Details page to view all the information we have available.
<|endofexample|>
3 results found in the United States
Continuing to seek Cory Zoeller? If you inspect our list located below you will notice 3 individuals by that same name in our files with a median age of 33. We additionally have collected records of Cory Zoeller in NY. As a result of producing a large quality of results we are likely to posses public records of the individual you are in search of.
To assist you in locating the right Cory you may be looking for we have produced a collection of Cory's for you to view. To produce a process that is simpler for you we have split the results into four sections - Name, Age Location and related family. By looking quickly over our information for individuals with the name Cory.
<|endofexample|>
8 results found in the United States
Were you trying to find Raymon Emma? A quick look below will show you that we have traced 8 people by that name in our database with an average age of 77. We also feature records of Raymon Emma in many states such as UT, TN and MS. Having access to so many results, we are certain to have the public records of the person you are looking to find.
To help you find the right Raymon you are searching for we have composed a list of Raymon’s for you to examine. To make the process easier for you we have formed four categories – Name, Age, Location and Relatives. By scanning all our data for people with the name Raymon,.
<|endofexample|>
48 results found in the United States
Are you searching for Shawn Vasquez? If you look through this page, you will notice 48 people by that name featured in our database with an average age of 40. We also have records of Shawn Vasquez in numerous states such as WA, LA and OR. With so many results we will definitely have public records of the person you are searching for.
To help you find the correct Shawn you are looking for we have compiled a list of Shawn’s for you to surf through. To ensure the best user experience we have broken the information into four categories – Name, Age, Location and Relatives. By browsing through our organized data for people with the name Shawn.
<|endofexample|>
Kwame Ture (Stokely Carmichael) on People’s Justice
Kwame Ture (aka Stokely Carmichael) giving a Fanonian take on why the oppressed resort to violence.
[youtube kGisMOY6M4c]
Similar Posts:
- POCO Podcast: Remembering Kwame Ture In His Own Words
- Malcolm X and The Black Panthers
- What Happened to the “Promised Land”? A Fanonian Perspective on Post-Apartheid South Africa By Nigel C. Gibson
- Pan-Africanism and American Blacks: An Argument for Unity
- African Liberation Month: History as a Weapon of Struggle
<|endofexample|>
This hippopotamus, born last week at the Cango Wildlife Ranch, weighed just 11 lbs. at birth. He was named after Prince Harry "as he shows true grit and is passionate about Africa," says reserve manager Rob Hall.
"Our little guy is already proving he's made of similar stuff and is determined to make the most of life."
Unlike his namesake, this Harry was rejected by his mother, Hilda, so the calf is being hand-reared by the sanctuary's staff. He gets bottle-fed every three hours, and will continue to receive round-the-clock care for the next three months.
Pygmy hippos are critically endangered in the wild, with fewer than 3,000 remaining.
Matthew Tabaccos / Barcroft Media / Landov
<|endofexample|>
Office of Church Relations
Pacific Church News
A News Journal for Churches of Christ on the West Coast
The Pacific Church News is published periodically by the Department of Church Relations at Pepperdine University to enrich awareness of God's work among the Churches of Christ on the West Coast. Issues include church news, updates on ministries, upcoming events, camps or conferences, and information on Pepperdine University. Please send all correspondence to the Department of Church Relations, PCN Magazine, Pepperdine University, 24255 Pacific Coast Highway, Malibu 90263-4270.
<|endofexample|>
OG.)
One Comment on OG 2012 Track & Field: U.S. Olympic track team “bats” .364 in London, up 105 points over 2011 World Championships!
- Red on Thu, 16th Aug 2012 7:49 pm
“…prepared—physically and chemically—for championships performances, was the East German squad…”
Very well stated, Mr. Perelman.
Tell me what you're thinking...
and oh, if you want a pic to show with your comment, go get a gravatar!
<|endofexample|>
Website and Toolbar Icons
Clean and accurate toolbar icons in professionally crafted collections. Download toolbar and website icons, search individual icons by the name or get entire sets of ready-made web icons for toolbars, taskbars, menus, ribbon bars, buttons, banners, ads design, etc.
Perfect Flat
Perfect Table Icons
Perfect Black Icons
Perfect Phone Icons
You can purchase
All Perfect Icons Bundle
for $399.
Perfect Icons for Web 2.0 Applications
Design perfect Web 2.0 applications! All Perfect Icons bring a professional set of Web 2.0 icons you can rely upon. The collection of 3,200 unique designs helps you building Web 2.0 apps easier.
Designing a Web 2.0 application? If you're doing a lot of those, you'll need a professional set of graphics to rely upon. Aha-Soft offers you a perfect solution: a collection of All Perfect Icons designed to make building Web 2.0 apps easier.
All Perfect Icons
offer you more than 5,000 unique Web 2.0 icons in 3,200 designs. With numerous variations including the different sizes, color depths, file formats and active states, the total number of images comes to a whopping 79,800. The price? The entire set will set you back $399. That's only 8 cents per unique image, a deal you won't find with anyone else.
All images from the All Perfect Icons collection are completely royalty-free. If you're a busy professional, outsourcer, or work for a software giant, you'll never have to pay again once you purchase this collection. All Perfect Icons are usable and re-usable in as many products, Web sites and mobile apps as you need. The Web 2.0 images are also freely redistributable if used in your applications, online projects or mobile apps.
All Perfect Icons is a collection of collections. The set is comprised of 29 Web 2.0 icon sets, enabling you to develop Web apps of any kind. Perfect CMS Icons, Toolbar Web 2.0 Icons, Business and Database Web 2.0 Icons, Bank, Network, Security and Telecom Web 2.0 Icons are provided among the rest. Office, Document, Time, Hardware, Computer, Internet, Mobile, Transport, User, People, Blog, File, Download, Scientific, Medical, Web and Design Web 2.0 icons are also provided. Each sub-set is packed with unique images grouped together and covering a certain topic. Some sets have as little as 60 images, while some others come with 200, 300, or even 400 Web 2.0 icons depending on how narrow or how broad the topic is.
Technically, you will receive a huge bunch of images that are grouped by the set. You'll get Web 2.0 icons in sizes of 16x16, 20x20, 24x24, 32x32 and 48x48 pixels. All images come in 32-bit True Color with full alpha-channel, or in 256 colors drawn on a transparent background. Windows ICO, GIF, PNG, and BMP formats are provided for every image. Normal, disabled and highlighted versions are available for each icon.
As each Web 2.0 image is supplied in all possible sizes, color resolutions, file formats and active states, the total number of Web 2.0 icons grows exponentially. That's how 5,000 unique images turn into 79,800 files.
The images are available for immediate purchase. A free instant preview is available online. Visit
to check out the preview or to place your order!
Icon Articles
IconLover allows you to design and edit all kinds of graphics required in the software development cycle, including icons, static and animated cursors and interface elements - all these kinds of graphics can now be designed in a single application.
Perfect Hardware Icons
is a collection of hardware related icons, distributed in BMP, PNG, GIF and ICO formats and 16x16, 24x24 and 32x32 sizes. The collection features contains both 32-bit and 256-color icons.
More info
Perfect Database Icons
brings you lots of stylish and colorful icons for database software development. The images are provided in all the common icon sizes and file formats include GIF, BMP, PNG and ICO.
More info
Tweet
<|endofexample|>
Rule they have practical advantages that encourage men to apply them regularly..
If the trouser were longer, it would create a puddle of folds that could ruin the silhouette of a suit, dragging the eye down and making a man look shorter. If the trouser were shorter, it would flap around the ankle and remove any elegance – probably reminding the viewer of a schoolboy in short pants.
That’s why the rule, or guideline, exists. But once you know this, there is nothing wrong with breaking it. Knowing why the rule is there helps you break it well.
For example, men on the European continent tend to wear their trousers shorter than is recommended here. They do that because they wish to expose their footwear, and perhaps their socks, to more inspection. Both are more a part of their outfit than for a English or American man. To quote one famous Italian “I don’t necessarily want people to see my socks, but I want to make sure they can see my shoes.”
Now, if men on the continent simply wore their trousers shorter, they would encounter the aforementioned problem with flapping. But they aware of the rules and why they exist. So they wear their trousers narrower as well, fitting them closer to the ankle and minimising any flapping. Hey presto: the shoe is on display, the silhouette is intact, but it is still possible to walk with elegance.
Once you know why the rules are there, you can work out how to break them effectively.
Traditionally trousers were always worn to just reach the shoe without breaking. Trouser legs were often quite wide, so flapping could probably not be avoided (maybe by using thicker fabrics). Do you know when and why this changed? Would it be acceptable for a businessman today to wear trousers the traditional way?
Loekee, you are right that that was the traditional length in the 20s/30s. The flapping aspect was helped a lot by the fact that they wore much thicker materials, largely flannel and tweeds, which do not have the potential airy problems of worsted.
This combination could work well today but, like high-waisted trousers with braces, you would have to realise that it would characterise of you as of a certain time or generation
I only like the look of the man on the far right... but his tie seems disproportionally wide, and he also seems to be wearing pleated trousers without a cuff. I don't care much about 'rules' per se, but I do like clean lines and a balance of proportions.. though it does seem that 'classic' men's style, strictly speaking, has truly evolved from sack suits to trim suits. I hope we don't regress.
Simon,
When I go to my local tailor to have trousers hemmed he always finishes them at an angle, i.e. longer at the back than at the front. I've not been bold enough to question him about this (he's been a tailor for half a century almost) but I do wonder whether this is customary?
Have you ever come across this? Should I ask him to hem the trousers at a normal 90 degree angle to the legs?
No Peterjan, as far as I know it's normal to have them a touch longer at the back to create coverage at the back whilst meeting the higher part of the front of the shoe without creating too much of a break.
I don't think it's universally true, or even generally true, that men in Europe normally wear trousers shorter. I've had numerous pairs made and not once have they been short. In fact I'd compare them as closer to English tailoring, which to me shares less of a tradition with American tailoring in terms of trouser style and length.
I have some questions regarding trousers issue.Firstly, what is the perfect trousers length and secondly, should I get a flat-front or pleated trousers taking consideration of my height between 5'3 and 5'4 with waist of 26' and small body frame.To find a suitable style/fit that complement my body type has been difficult for me.Hence any help/guide is highly appreciated.
it's not true that men on the continent wear trousers shorter. they do it mostly in italy, some in france and spain, but rarely in other continental countries. in german speaking countries as well as scandinavia they wear them rather too long and wider than in latin countries.
Hi Simon
Is there any chance you could give your thoughts on ideal trouser hem width/ I know it depends on the style of the suit and/or general outfit but it would be interesting to get your thoughts on this subject as it seems to be something that is quite difficult to get right!
Thanks
Nick
Hi Nick,
It is definitely an issue of personal choice, as it so driven by the style of the suit. I usually go for 16 or 17 inches, but some tailors go for 18 inches. If going to an established tailor, I would let them choose. If you want to choose, perhaps measure a pair of trousers you like.
It will also slightly depend on your shoe size.
Best
Simon
Simon,
Can you help? I wear long socks and have started wearing shorter, slimer trousers. This combination has the unfortunate consequence of causing the trousers to catch on the stop of the sock, thus bunch at the knee and exaggerating the shortness of the trousers. Gianni from Sartoria Vergallo suggested a band of lining at the back of the trousers at top-of-the-sock height, which has helped, but not eliminated the problem. Do you have any further suggestions?
Thanks, Llywelyn
Hi Llywelyn,
Not really, other than Gianni's idea and perhaps wearing cotton or cotton/silk socks which will have less friction than wool.
Unfortunately long socks were and are largely worn by those whose trousers are rather wider than that.
Simon
Surely wearing shorter trousers necessitates the wearing of long socks in order to avoid the dreaded bare-calf?!
Llywelyn
Absolutely. But perhaps not so narrow as to stick on the sock. Turn ups might help weigh the trouser down too
Thanks for your reply Simon. I had some Kilgour RTW slimmed slightly to 16 inches in the end and am pleased with the result. They were previously 18 inches and I felt they had a slightly 'bootcut' look to them which was horrible!
Many 'chino' type trousers seem to go to 15 or even 14 inches now which I think looks a bit extreme on a suit if you are trying to achieve a classic look.
Thanks anyway.
Regards
Nick
<|endofexample|>
- News
- Sports
- Opinion
- Obituaries
- Features
- Special Sections
- Classifieds
- Public Notices.
<|endofexample|>
Personalised Angel Devil Pillowcase
- Description
- Reviews
- Delivery
For the devil in all of us, this Personalised Angel Devil Pillowcase is sure to raise a smile.
Depicting the eternal struggle between being good and being just that little bit naughty, one side of the Angel Devil pillowcase is printed in red with a devil's horn and tail, and the words "...says YES". The other side is printed in black with a halo and "Zzz", with the wording "...says NO".
Simply add the person's name to make this a truly personalised pillowcase. It's ideal for those with a great sense of humour - and for those who can be easily tempted!
Measures: Height: 48 CM Width: 75 CM Depth: 2.
<|endofexample|>
Thank you! Thank you! You have literally saved the event from boring gift bags! :-) Seriously, I know you went above and beyond and I truly appreciate the effort. Stories of excellent customer...
- more testimonials -.
<|endofexample|>
Feb 1 2010 Edward Stephens
Kia's Sorento gets sleek new look
TRENDY, oozing style and typifying the good things in life - that's the Italian town of Sorrento which looks out over the Bay of Naples.
Now after a radical re-design the same description applies to its four-wheel-drive namesake - although it's spelt slightly differently.
The all-new Kia Sorento, which goes on sale on February 1, has been transformed. Out goes the macho Arnold Schwarzenegger image and in comes the sporty, sexy supermodel look.
The car has been totally re-invented with the emphasis on a trendy lifestyle vehicle rather than an out and out off-roader.
Designed in California it's now available with either two or four-wheel-drive so it can still handle tough conditions and is still ideal for towing but now you get an even better on-road experience.
The new model is now very definitely a premium product but without a premium price tag. Take the Kia badge off the front and replace it with an up-market German name and you would have to pay an extra £10,000 for it.
Kia says it makes no apology for the car not being as 'rough and tough' as before as it now has 'urban sophistication'.
Certainly if you opt for the top-of-the-range KX-3 model at £29,795 you get an awful lot of sophistication. A six-speed automatic gearbox, full leather seats, an electric panoramic sunroof, electrically adjustable driver's seat and self levelling headlights are just a few of the features on board. Even the mid-range KX-2 at £25,495 comes with full leather.
Despite the new slimmer look the car still has seven seats, although the two rear seats cleverly disappear beneath the floor to create more luggage space when not in use. And by pushing the dashboard further forward and the rear tailgate further backwards there is an increase in the overall space for both passengers and luggage.
In fact if you fold the middle row and rear row of seats down you get a hefty 1525 litres of luggage space, making this SUV a very viable alternative to a much larger MPV. If you leave the middle row of seats in place you still get 531 litres - which is a massive 96 litres more than the previous model.
For buyers who genuinely don't need four-wheel-drive the Sorento is now offered with front-wheel-drive with prices starting from £20,495 for the 2.4-litre petrol model and £22,495 for the 2.2-litre diesel, although the spec on these options is not as luxurious as on the four-wheel-drive models.
The new 2.2-litre diesel engine replaces the larger 2.5-litre used in the previous generation Sorento, and despite being smaller it's quicker, quieter, more fuel efficient and cleaner.
On the road the Sorento is as easy and light to drive as a family hatchback despite its size, which will endear it to a wider range of buyers.
It's quiet, refined, has an distinct up-market quality it and feels anything but bulky to handle.
The new 194bhp diesel engine delivers all the power you need without hesitation and is just as responsive when mated to the six speed manual gearbox or the auto.
It has a top speed of 118 miles per hour and will it 62mph in 9.6 second with the manual gearbox and 10 seconds with the auto box. The two-wheel-drive model is fractionally quicker.
In keeping with its new svelte image the towing capacity is reduced but it can still tow trailers of up to 2,500kg. It's predecessor could tow the maximum allowed by law of 3,500kg.
All Sorentos have six airbags as standard and a brand-leading seven-year warranty.
With such a comprehensive package it looks like the Sorento will have a future ahead of it almost as bright as the Italian sunshine.
<|endofexample|>
.
'Vegans Make Better Lovers,' Says Sexy Couple
For Immediate Release:February 9, 2010
Contact:Robbyn Brooks 757-622-7382
Nashville -- Wearing nothing but underwear during a display of passion that's bound to raise a few eyebrows and turn lots of heads, vegan couple Shena Anderson and Ryan Hendrix will passionately make out in a bed that will be set up on a street in downtown Nashville. While the not-so-discreet couple is getting it on beneath a banner that reads, "Vegans Make Better Lovers," PETA members will hand out copies of the group's "'Go Vegetarian, Go Vegan' Starter Kit" to gaping passersby. Anderson and Hendrix want people to know that they can do themselves--and animals--a big favor by going vegan.
When: Wednesday, February 10, 12 noon
Where: Broadway and Fifth Avenue S., Nashville
What's so sexy about going vegan? Besides the fact that heart disease, strokes, diabetes, obesity, and various types of cancer--all of which have been conclusively linked to the consumption of meat and other animal Anderson. "It's veggie burgers in the kitchen for a whopper in the bedroom!".
<|endofexample|>
Sixty seconds. That’s all it takes for you to save animals. Are you ready to take the challenge?
Sign our pledge to be skins free!
Tell Redbox to stop supporting cruelty to elephants.
Ask La Quinta to require its franchisees to stop using down!
Tell Steak ‘n Shake to pull its commercial featuring a chimpanzee and to pledge never to use great apes in future ads!
Dozens of animals suffered and died during production. Don’t let this happen again!
Tell us about yourself! You can even upload a photo.
<|endofexample|>
Other Helpful Products
Premium Stainless Steel Bowls
Our heaviest weight, perfect for kennel and outdoor use! Twice the weight of our regular stainless steel bowls. These bowls are prefect for heavy-duty kennel use. Bowls even "chewers" can't destroy.
*** Please see additional Stainless Steel Bowls in our Clearance Section ***
Pro Tech Orthopedic Mats
Great for table sides, bathing areas, crates/cages and table tops. Made from thick, high-grade closed cell nitrate foam rubber, extremely durable, non-skid surface with beveled edges will not absorb liquids, won't harbor bacteria, impervious to pet waste.
Puppy Bumpers
Reusable Pumps
Makes dispensing shampoos and conditioners from a gallon jug a breeze. Each pump delivers 1oz of liquid. Available for (1) gallon jug or (5) gallon pail.
Rubber Finger & Thumb Pads
Won\'t fall out! Reduces finger and thumb fatigue! Also decreases ring size so smaller hands get a better grip.
<|endofexample|>
World Image Collection
This website currently features selected samples of the photographs in the Peter Langer- Associated Media Group Image Library. Soon we will be able to add search capabilities that will allow you to realize specific searches. Our Image Library contains well over 280,000 images covering all continents of the world, featuring a wide range of subject matter and motifs. Currently our search list will assist you.
& Legal
<|endofexample|>
What is this quiet, unassuming ingredient, and should it be there?
Tomato pomace has the potential to provide additional nutrition and health benefits
5 small steps would streamline information on petfood ingredients to help communicate with pet owners
The lowly pea appears to be an effective ingredient for the next generation of dog and cat diets
With the availability of quality ingredients declining, perhaps we need to explore this category.
<|endofexample|>
Our ADA information card features great information from the U.S. Federal Law regarding your rights when accompanied by your Service Dog. This Federal Card has proven to be a great tool to show those who have not been properly educated about the rights of those accompanied by service animals. It is also helpful to show individuals that your dog is a working dog whether you own a service dog vest or not (vests are not a requirement).
This is not a Customized Service Dog ID Badge. This card gives a basic short overview of the ADA access. This is NOT a laminated information card. This card is made from high quality 30 mil thick PVC, so you probably don't want to give this card away to store owners and their employees. It is the size of your credit card and is easy to carry in your wallet or pocket book.
Note: Individuals with Disabilities who are accompanied by Service Dogs have public access rights under the ADA law to enter public property with their Service Dog. Therapy Dogs do not fall under ADA public access rights. A Therapy Dog is one that meets the needs of others, such as visiting nursing homes, hospitals, reading groups, etc. A dog that is trained to perform tasks that mitigate its handler's disability is a Service Dog.
There are 27 review(s) for this product
Showing reviews 1-20 of 27 | Next »
by George
I think it is a great info card to have to inform those who have no knowledge of the laws
by Raul in San Jose, California
Gave it four stars because I thought that it was many cards in case you had to give them to someone, but that was my mistake - it was only one.
by Springfield, Virginia
Just as advertised.
by Marie Hines
Awesome!
by Robert
Quality. Wish was double sided though.
by chuck adams
Awesome cards
by michael halprin
Done very professional. Will help out in the airports.
by Kelly D.
Just what I wanted. Thank you!
by Courtney in Boca Raton, FL
As expected, excellent
by Corey Hansen
Each line of text does not line up correctly and it literally appears as if a child cut and pasted each word to design the card. Overall, the card looks very unprofessional and uncredible.
by Mary Sue Vander Zeyden
Helped me to understand my rights under the ada
by Big Bear Lake, CA
Nothing more to say than excellent selection, quality products, and fast service.
by Carol Czarny
super fast shipping..very happy
by Linda Pope
Was fast, and the cards are very readable.
by Indianapolis, IN
Excellent very easy to read
by Pamela Coleman/Pilger
Excellent
by Pauline
Both product and promt delivery are satisfactory. Thank you!
by Johnsonville, New York
Excellent-exactly what I wanted!
by Noel Parker
Fast shipping, well made, would order from Petjoy again.
by Dale Winton Bigelow
Thank you very much.
Showing reviews 1-20 of 27 | Next »
<|endofexample|>
Dogs.
As seen in humans, serotonin syndrome may cause::
Signs of serotonin syndrome usually come on rapidly in dogs; anywhere from 10 minutes up to four hours after ingestion..
Care must be taken when giving an animal medications known to affect serotonin levels in the body. Do not give these medications along with foods that contain L-tryptophan (e.g., dairy products, turkey, red meats, bananas, peanut butter).
Medications that will lead to increased levels of serotonin in the body should not be given to animals that are already taking an antidepressant medication. Your veterinarian should be aware of all medications being given to your dog and choose the drug combinations carefully.
Keep your pets healthy and safe with the latest from petMD
<|endofexample|>
For those of us with pets, we look forward to winter as a time of respite from the bugs that torment us and our pets. We look forward to a break from the sprays and gels and powders and medicines … all the things we try on our pets and in our home to keep the blood suckers at bay. However -- and we hope you are sitting down as you read this -- winter does not necessarily spell the end of bug season. Consider the following …
The flea is a very persistent and resilient pest with a very complicated life cycle. It is even capable of surviving in outdoor temperatures as low as the upper 30s. As long as an adult flea can find a suitable host to feed from (such as wild animals or your pet), it can stay warm and healthy through the cold season. Their pupae remain settled in their cocoons until it is warm enough to come out -- as long as they have been placed in a location where they are protected from freezing cold.
Generally speaking, 65-80 degrees Fahrenheit with 75-85 percent humidity is the ideal temperature range for growth and reproduction of fleas. However,.
For residents of the southern states of the U.S, where the winter season may only go as low as the 30s, fleas will often stay active throughout most or all of the winter season. Only sustained cold (less than 30 degrees) and low humidity levels will kill off the eggs, larvae, and adult fleas.
Ticks are also capable of surviving winter temperatures when they are able to find a host to feed from or a warm location to hide in during the coldest weather months. Generally, adult ticks will still be a threat when temperatures hover around 45 degrees Fahrenheit.
For this reason, if your pet spends time outdoors in the winter, tick prevention is still a good idea. And since most medications are designed to thwart both fleas and ticks, it's a good idea to use preventive medications through the year.
While most geographical areas do enjoy a seasonal respite from mosquitoes, the southern climes are still captive to their buzzing, blood-sucking schemes -- even in the winter. Mosquitoes, of course, are carriers of the heartworm parasite, a life threatening nematode that can cause severe disease and even death. (Note: the heartworm actually takes up residence in the lungs. Read more about the symptoms of heartworm infection in dogs and cats.) Even in areas where residents do not have to worry about mosquitoes during the winter, their return in the spring and summer months can catch you off guard. It is best to be pre-prepared.
To safeguard your dogs and cats against heartworm infection, veterinarians suggest using heartworm prevention medication year-round. This is a much easier method of prevention, since you won’t have to remember when to star, or find yourself rushing to get the medication, and you won’t have to worry about having your pet tested for heartworms before beginning a new round of medication in the spring.
--
The final word on avoiding parasitic infestations of any kind is to use preventive techniques. Remember that while fleas, ticks and mosquitoes may seem to be merely nuisance pests, they are actually capable of causing severe health problems, from the above mentioned heartworm infection, to skin disorders and infections, to anemia. As the old axiom goes: It is better to be safe than sorry.
Image: lucianvenutian / via Flickr
A condition of the blood in which normal red blood cell counts or hemoglobin are lacking.
Connect with Facebook or login to leave comments.
Keep your pets healthy and safe with the latest from petMD
X
Follow petMD on
<|endofexample|>
Your veterinarian will generally prescribe antibiotics to control the infection, and provide supportive therapy such as intravenous (IV) fluids and mineral and vitamin supplements to stabilize the chinchilla and increase its immunity.
Place your pet chinchilla in a warm, dry, and stress-free living environment, and follow the supportive care and dietary regimen, as prescribed by your veterinarian..
Anything having to do with the eye
The singular form of the word bacteria; a tiny, microscopic organism only made up of one cell.
Connect with Facebook or login to leave comments.
All Health Articles >
Keep your pets healthy and safe with the latest from petMD
<|endofexample|>
The term glomerulonephritis refers to the inflammation and subsequent dysfunction of the glomeruli -- the small mass of capillaries in the kidney that filters waste products from the blood and into the urine so they can be secreted from the body. The most common cause of glomerulonephritis is the deposition and entrapment of antigen-antibody complexes (such as a toxin or enzyme) within the glomeruli. Moreoever, the disease affects both genders, but occurs in more often in males.
Symptoms and Types
Symptoms may vary depending on the underlying cause, like inflammation, infection, or neoplasia. In some cats, the only presenting symptom may be weight loss and weakness. In fact, many times, the condition is discovered incidental to a routine annual health screening, when increased concentrations of proteins are found in the urine. If the protein loss into the urine is severe, the cat may develop an abnormal collection of fluid in the abdominal cavity (ascites).
In cats suffering from advanced disease with kidney failure, there may be symptoms of increased thirst and frequency of urination, lack of appetite, nausea, and vomiting. Those with a severe deficiency of the blood protein albumin (hypoalbuminemia), may suffer from a blockage of the lung's blood vessels, which causes respiratory difficulties or severe panting. High blood pressure, meanwhile, may cause sudden blindness.
Causes
- Inflammation
- Infections
- Idiopathic (unknown)
- Neoplasia (growth of tissue, tumor)
- Diabetes mellitus
- Long-term use of certain drugs
Diagnosis
You will need to give a thorough history of your cat's health, onset of symptoms, and possible incidents that might have led to this condition. A complete blood profile will be conducted, including a chemical blood profile, a complete blood count, and a urinalysis. The results of the complete blood count test are usually not significant. In severe cases, the biochemistry profile may reveal abnormally low levels of blood protein albumin (hypoalbuminemia) and high levels of cholesterol in the blood (hypercholesterolemia). The presence of blood protein albumin and other proteins in the blood may help your veterinarian in making the initial diagnosis. In cats with kidney failure, the urinalysis will reveal corresponding changes in urine.
Creatinine is a waste product normally excreted by the kidneys, and its presence in the urine is measured as a diagnostic indicator of kidney function. Urine protein testing is also performed, as the amount of protein found in the urine can also be used to evaluate and monitor kidney function.
A more specific test calculates the urine protein and creatinine ratio in order to give your veterinarian an idea of the degree of kidney damage. The extent of protein loss in the urine roughly correlates with the severity of the kidney disease. Therefore, measuring protein and creatinine ratio also helps in assessing treatment response and progression or regression of disease.
Diagnostic imaging can also be used for determining how diseased your cat's condition is, and what treatment needs to be applied. These procedures are helpful in the diagnosis of concurrent diseases and in evaluating the kidney size. Abdominal X-rays and ultrasound can be used to evaluate the kidneys and other abdominal organs, and can be helpful in performing a less invasive type of tissue collection for biopsy purposes. Your veterinarian may take a kidney tissue sample (kidney biopsy) to rule other causes of kidney failure, such as neoplasia or cancer.
Treatment
As most cases of glomerulonephritis involve an immune reaction (interaction of antigen and antibodies), the most specific and effective therapy is the control and elimination of such an immune reaction. However, finding and treating the exact disease process or antigen that is causing such an immune reactions is not always possible. Moreover, once renal failure has developed, the prognosis is often poor. The overall treatment of this disease depends on the cause and severity of the disease at the time of diagnosis.
Living and Management
Your veterinarian will recommend an individualized diet plan for your cat that is tailored toward kidney health. These patients often require low sodium and high quality, low quantity, protein diets. Because most drugs are eliminated through the kidneys, do not give your cat.
<|endofexample|>
Dachshund Pewter Cork Pets come packaged in a metal tin with story card unique to the wiener dog in your life - Dachshund story card: "Is it 4:30 Yet - the day will soon end..."
Cork Pets require no food, little attention and hate to walk. Each Doxie begins as a carved wax sculpture and is then cast in pewter and polished to a high shine.
You can replace the cork with one of your own from a special bottle of wine or even add a longer wooden peg to get the full effect of a long Dachshund body in this cute pewter pet.
** Handmade in the U.S.A. BY Dachshund Lovers FOR Dachshund Lovers **
Measures: 2" tall x 3 1/2" long
<|endofexample|>
Senior pets can be just as joyful and loveable as their younger counterparts, but they do have special needs. As your pet reaches its golden years it is important to understand the changes in their health and behavior so that you can help them live their lives to the fullest. Petside delivers expert information and insight about senior dogs and senior cats including articles and videos exploring common senior pet health conditions, adopting an older pet, and end-of-life care.
<|endofexample|>
$: $4.99
Stainless Steel Pet ID Tag
Starting from: $4.99
Royal Canin German Shepherd Puppy 30 Dry Dog Food
Now: $58.29
Reflective Retractable Dog Leash
Starting from: $12.99
Wellness 95 Percent Can Dog Food Topper
Starting from: $32.29
Loofa Light-Weight Stuffing Free Dog Toy
Starting at: $1.69
Loofa Dog Assorted Colors
Multipet Look Who's Talking Dog Toy
Starting at: $4.79
Kong Stuff'N Easy Dog Treat
Starting from: $8.29
Mini Skinneeez Stuffing Free Dog Toy
Starting at: $4.39
Kong Tugger Knot Dog Toy
Starting at: $5.09
Blue Buffalo Homestyle Can Dog Food Case
Starting from: $29.69
Nylabone Nutri Dent Extra Fresh Dog Chew
Starting from: $15.99
MidWest Pet Exercise Pen
Starting at: $31.49
Wellbites Biscuit Dog Treat
Starting from: $10.99
Nylabone Healthy Edible Bacon Dog Chew
Skinneeez Stuffing Free Dog Toy
Starting from: $6.29
Greenies Dog Dental Chew Treats Teenie
Starting at: $32.99
Kong Safari Braidz Dog Toy
Product Reviews by Customers
<|endofexample|>
Global Indicators Database
- Questions by Topic
- U.S. Image
-
-..
<|endofexample|>
Muslim American Democrats
That’s the percentage of Muslim Americans who are Democrats (37%) or say they lean toward the Democratic Party (26%).
Overall, 63% of Muslims are Democrats (37%) or say that they lean toward the Democratic Party (26%). Only about one-in-ten (11%), by contrast, are Republicans or Republican leaners, with the remainder (26%) unaffiliated with either political party. Democratic affiliation is much higher among Muslims than it is among the public as a whole: about half of Americans (51%) identify themselves as Democrats or lean Democratic. Republican affiliation is much lower among Muslims than among the general public (11% vs. 36%).
<|endofexample|>
The Pew Charitable Trusts is driven by the power of knowledge to solve today's most challenging problems. Pew applies a rigorous, analytical approach to improve public policy, inform the public and stimulate civic life.
Jan 07, 2011
The United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (UNCSD) being convened under United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) resolution 64/236.
The objective of the Conference will be to secure renewed political commitment for sustainable development, assessing the progress to date and the remaining gaps in the implementation of the outcomes of the major summits on sustainable development and addressing new and emerging challenges.
The two foci of the Conference will be (a) a green economy in the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication (GESDPE) and (b) the institutional framework for sustainable development (IFSD). The Conference is to result in a focused political document, and both the Conference and the preparatory process are to carry out an overall appraisal of the implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation. They are to ensure the balanced integration of economic development, social development and environmental protection, as interdependent and mutually reinforcing components of sustainable development. Participation of all major groups is encouraged.
UNCED and WSSD are both remembered as Earth Summit 1 and Earth Summit 2 respectively; it is likely that UNCSD will be remembered as Earth Summit 3. With 70% of the Earth covered by the ocean, and given the importance of the ocean as the life support system of Planet Earth, now is the time for UNCSD to pay due attention to the needs of the ocean, and to the hundreds of millions of people who depend on healthy ocean ecosystems for their very survival.
<|endofexample|>
Some Good Financial News
Every to the media as the bad. So this week I set out to find some examples of financial good news.
I had to dig pretty deep, and I was disappointed to find that much of what gets reported as “good news” are really press releases sent out by companies and individuals looking to promote their latest charitable acts. While there’s nothing wrong with that, it’s disheartening to find that so much “good news” is really spin.
I did succeed in finding some positive news. It doesn’t make the ugly headlines go away or change the suffering of people having trouble making ends meet, but it made me feel better to turn off the ugliness for a while and find something positive.
1. Charity Raises Enough Money: It’s pretty rare for a charity to announce that it has received enough funding to reach its goals, but that’s what happened at Kiva, a non-profit dedicated to securing micro-loans for people in developing countries who want to start a business or buy an asset.
2. Boy Scout Finds Wallet and Turns It In: A Boy Scout in Michigan found a wallet containing $800 in cash and returned it to the person who lost it. Nice to see that some people still do the right thing. In a follow up story, I learned that someone found the boy’s missing wallet and returned it to him. What goes around comes around.
3. Maryland Enacts Law Enabling Young Adults to Stay on Parents’ Insurance Until Age 25: One less thing kids entering the real world need to worry about. Maybe some other states will follow suit. It would help kids get off on the right foot since so many starter jobs don’t pay benefits.
4. It’s Possible to Improve Gas Mileage by Changing the Way You Drive: You don’t have to suffer so much at the pump. Hpyermiling has allowed these people to outwit the gas companies, often to a large degree, proving that small changes make a difference.
5. Green Collar Jobs Might Spur the Economy: While large sectors of our economy may be having problems, green jobs are becoming more widely available and higher paying. This may be where true economic growth for the future lies, and it’s work you can feel good about.
6. Spending On Others Makes Us Happier Than Spending On Ourselves: We all kind of know this, but sometimes choose to ignore it in the face of rampant consumerism.
7. Congress Attempts to Rein in Credit Card Companies: New proposals were unveiled to try to curb some of the credit card companies slickest tricks. Whether it ultimately happens, we’ll have to wait and see. These things have a way of not materializing. However, in the interest of remaining positive, it’s good that at least they are trying.
8. Simon Cowell Discovers Philanthropic Side: Love him or hate him, at least he’s learning to be charitable, paying off one stricken family’s mortgage. He also claims that the experience taught him the value of giving. Maybe we’ll see more good works from him in the future.
9. Economic Crises May Be Good For You: Economic crises lead to weight loss and better health. In hard times you eat less and move more, making you healthier. You suffer now, but live longer.
10. Mother Rises Out of Poverty: Proving yet again that it is possible to better your circumstances through hard work and ingenuity, no matter how bad the economy.
11. It’s a Good Time To Be An Entrepreneur: The economic slowdown isn’t slowing down the growth of start up businesses. Since small businesses create 60 to 80 percent of new jobs in the U.S., that’s good news.
12. Former Microsoft Exec. Gives Big, And It All Started With a Vacation: Proof that breaking away and taking that vacation you’ve been putting off can change your life and the lives of others.
I hope this little trip into the positive made you feel a bit better about our world. It is possible to find genuine acts of kindness and success, even in these times. It would be nice if the media would spend some more time promoting good things rather than focusing only on the bad. We might all be a little happier.
Another tip: spend more time reading the local news sections of your hometown newspaper.
<|endofexample|>
Your Contribution Makes a Difference!
Get the latest progressive news and updates on how you can get involved!
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Copyright & Disclaimer | RSS
Other PFAW.org sites: Young People For | Young Elected Officials | Right Wing Watch
Visit us on: Facebook | Change.org | Twitter | YouTube | Flickr
<|endofexample|>
By: Fred Albers, PGA TOUR.COM Correspondent
SAN MARTIN, Calif. -- Jonas Blixt won the tournament with his putting. He had putting rounds of 25-28-27-25, for a tournament-best total of 105. Blixt finished first in strokes gained-putting and was ranked third in SGP coming into the week. He did not have a three-putt all week. Blixt says his Yes! putter is like a “nuclear weapon.”
Fan club: Blixt had a half-dozen fans walk the round with him wearing Swedish yellow ribbons, with “Jonas” written on white T-shirts. They repeatedly shouted out “Yoonas” throughout the round and showered Blixt with champagne following his win. His brother had planned to miss the final round because he had tickets to the 49ers game but opted to support Jonas instead.
Inconsistent: John Mallinger made a wonderful charge on the final nine holes but was too inconsistent to win. He had just two pars on the front nine and one of those was a chip-in. Mallinger battled back to within one shot of the lead but laid up at the drivable par-4 17th and missed a nine-foot putt.
Setup: The par 3s were a handful in the final round. There were three that measured more than 200 yards and the 11th as a meaty 249. The course was much faster on Sunday with greens rejecting approaches that were not struck squarely.
Colorful: You had no problem picking out Blixt in the fairway. He wore bright orange shoes, belt and shirt. It was “hunters orange" and resembled a fly-fishing strike indicator while walking the fairways.
Learning curve: CordeValle is a difficult course to learn. It sits down in a valley and there are several “sideboards” on the green complexes that will funnel a ball to the cup, but it takes time to learn. All putts break toward the valley floor, however that goes against some of the reads players and caddies studied.
Spiked: Tim Petrovic thought he had made it. He thought his 28-foot birdie putt was going into the cup on the 18th hole. Just three feet from the center, the ball caught a spike mark and spun off line, catching the edge of the cup instead of the center. A birdie would have gotten Petrovic into a playoff.
Gutsy: Blixt’s most impressive shot of the day came at 17. His drive went over the green and was sitting on a downhill lie in deep rough. He committed to making a full swing with his sand wedge and the ball floated out of the rough, then ran seven feet below the cup. Blixt made the putt to take the lead. It’s a gutsy play to take a full swing with a sand wedge coming out of the rough to a green that runs downhill and with water looming over the green. Very gutsy.
Attack: Blixt said he had one thought on the golf course: Attack. He came out and did exactly that, hitting it inside of three feet on the first two holes. That aggression also led to bogeys at the third and fourth, but the philosophy served him well all the way through the 18th.
Fred Albers is a course reporter for SiriusXM PGA TOUR Radio. For more information on SiriusXM PGA TOUR Radio, click here .
Jimmy Walker sinks a birdie at the seventh hole en route to a course record-tying 62 on Sunday.
Tim Petrovic buries a birdie on the 15th to take the lead at the Frys.com Open on Sunday.
John Mallinger saves par with a long putt on the seventh hole on Sunday at CordeValle.
<|endofexample|>
381519019593
Herbal Essences Body Envy Volumizing Hairspray - 8 oz
Item# 381519019593
8 ozsize
size
Price
$3.29
Body Envy Volumizing Hairspray won t let humidity get your hair down. It ll help your hair stay full and shiny with a lush finish, thanks to a weightless formula fused with white passion flower sunrise and pearl
- Keeps hair full and shiny with a lush finish
- Weightless formula fused with white passion flower sunrise and pearl
- Adds volume and won't let humidity get your hair down
- Become a shapeshifter. The power to create looks in minutes.
Directions: Spray evenly. Okay, you're all set.
Ingredient List: Water, Dimethyl Ether, Sd Alcohol 40, Va/Crotonates/Vinyl Neodecanorate,
Other Shoppers Purchased
Video Reviews
This area allows consumers like you to express their own opinions and comments.
We do not represent or warrant the accuracy of any statements or product claims made here, nor endorse any opinions expressed within this section.
<|endofexample|>
The rights the State Committee, meeting in Valley Forge in a hotel infamously built by non union labor, voted to enter the 21st century.
The sad and pathetic part and the part to which we must focus our attention came from the Southwestern PA Caucus. John Morgan of the Pennsylvania Progressive tried to observe the caucus discussion on the marriage item, but was removed from the meeting by Jack Hanna. This violates the DNC’s own rules about public participation in the Caucus. Nice. Democracy in action a la Citizens United?
A committeeman from Cambria County got very vocal at that caucus meeting invoking Biblical passages. Of course this is a legal matter not a religious one. The Bible also allows slavery, condemns people who eat pork and shellfish and says you shouldn’t cut your hair. So much for ancient abominations. The caucus voted 11-7 in support of the bill.
So we have 7 folks with whom we need to build relationships and do some education. Can we identify those persons? Well, we can ask. I can ask.
It is an exciting moment, but we must remember that Pennsylvania has NO statewide LGBT rights and that a marriage amendment has been introduced in the last 4 sessions I believe? While at Netroots Nation this past week, I learned a somewhat discouraging fact – many progressives do not know what ENDA is. By focusing so much messaging on marriage equality, we’ve dropped the ball elsewhere.
Will this be a wedge issue in Pennsylvania come November? Somehow I doubt it – I think the economy and the draconian state budget is going to keep people occupied. It is perfect timing to push the workforce development/economic development issues related to employment non-discrimination protections found in HB 300.
But the rhetoric from the right wing continue to pound us … I anticipate the politicians will reel it back to come after Obama on the economy, but the faith based folks are going to spend those millions. Our best defense is an offense – know the facts on marriage and focus on the fairness factor of non-discrimination.
<|endofexample|>
ADVERTISEMENT
Congressional leaders clearly believe that pharmaceutical companies can afford to contribute more than $80 billion to support health reform. Sure, industry will grumble about higher rebates, new taxes, broader disclosure and potential price controls, but at the end of the day, the boost in coverage to some 40 million potential customers is a “sweetheart deal” that will increase sales more than enough to cover those losses.
House Democrats consequently moved quickly to up the ante. Rep. Henry Waxman (D-Calif), chairman of the House Energy & Commerce Committee, added rebates on drugs provided low-income Medicare beneficiaries, a move calculated to gain an added $40 billion in “savings” from drugs to help close the Part D coverage gap by 2019. Another House provision authorizes the federal government to negotiate Medicare drug prices directly with manufacturers. The bill stipulates that Medicare can’t establish a central formulary, which limits any negotiating clout, but industry fears it still opens the door to broader government price-setting.
Pharma also takes a hit from a measure to halt “pay-for-delay” agreements between brand and generic firms. And “sunshine” provisions were extended to require disclosure of marketer payments to medical education companies, which most likely will further curb industry support for continuing medical education.
The main good news for pharmaceutical and biotech companies is that the agreement on follow-on biologics held firm in the House. That provides for 12-years exclusivity on FOBs, the same as in the Senate bill.
How Much Growth?
Although health reform may bolster drug industry sales over the next five years, as cited in an IMS October report, the analysts still expect pharma growth to be relatively low due to the global economic downturn, patent losses and more intense pressure on prices. Industry executives insist that health reform will be a wash in terms of revenue, especially if most of the added sales involve government health programs.
Ken Johnson, senior vice president of PhRMA (Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America), raised the specter of industry job losses and curbs on innovation under the House-passed bill. Manufacturers hope for a better deal from the Senate, and ultimately from a House-Senate compromise.
Congress is anxious to gain any and all savings from pharma because reform legislation does very little to “bend the cost curve” on the nation’s health care system. Pending bills purport to curb spending by cutting fraud and waste, establishing electronic medical records, assessing the effectiveness of medical treatments and bolstering preventive care. These strategies may improve health care quality but won’t make any real dent in federal expenditures.
Serious cost control involves changing the tax treatment of employer-provided benefits and overhauling provider payment methods – neither proposed in current reform bills. Instead, the legislators seek to hike taxes on consumers and health care companies to reduce federal outlays for expanded coverage. Tax hikes, though, do little to curb health care spending overall; they even may boost outlays even more.
As the great health care debate of 2009 comes to a close, members of Congress have to decide whether to adopt admittedly imperfect reform legislation, or to admit failure and abandon the entire exercise. The Obama administration and Democrats are determined to pass any bill that can be identified as health reform, while Republicans insist that such action will drive up spending even more and bankrupt the nation. The pro’s seem to outnumber of antis, believing that some change is better than none, and that policy makers have to take at least some steps towards reforming the nation’s dysfunctional health care system.
<|endofexample|>
Regular.More »
blood sugar, marijuana.More »
Vitamin C, Gout, uric acid
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved a new use for Simponi (golimumab) injection to treat adults with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis.More »
FDA, ulcerative colitis
Regularly taking prescription painkillers, also known as opioids, is associated with a higher risk of erectile dysfunction, according to a study published online today in the journal Spine.More »
analgesics, erectile dysfunction, prescription painkillers.More »
statins, simvastatin
<|endofexample|>
Refine by:
available size
colours
dress style
pattern
Gold Ring Jumpsuit
£77.00
was £110.00
Za Za Print Maxi Dress
£69.30
was £99.00
Bryony Stripe Maxi Dress
© 2013 Phase Eight (Fashion and Designs) Ltd.
<|endofexample|>
Philippine Health Insurance Corporation (PHIC)
Accredited Health Care Provider
Accreditation Canada International
PHC Transparency Seal
PHC Executives
Spotlight
<|endofexample|>
Accessibility Information
European Painting before 1900, Johnson Collection
Boy with a Rooster
c. 1868
Adriano Cecioni, Italian, 1836/38 - 1886
Bronze31 x 19 x 17 inches (78.7 x 48.3 x 43.2 cm)
* Gallery 155, European Art 1850-1900, first floor (Annenberg Galleries)
2001-158-1
The Florentine artist Adriano Cecioni made his international reputation in 1870, when this amusing, literal, and compelling statue was shown at the Salon in Paris. Immediately recognized as the central sculptor in the new Italian movement called Verismo (Realism), Cecioni’s distinctive personality and quick wit made him one of the most original artists associated with this style.
The artist took his subjects from everyday life but rendered them in traditional Tuscan sculptural motifs, all with ingenuity and remarkable technical skill. At first this work seems like a popular and vulgar genre piece of a little boy undone by his own mischief in trying to hitch a rooster to his toy cannon. It is, in fact, a pointed and very modern reference to Andrea del Verrocchio’s Renaissance masterpiece Putto with a Dolphin, in the Palazzo Vecchio, Florence. The sculpture also harks back to numerous Hellenistic marbles in which children are shown grappling with geese. Cecioni’s modernity and innovation are evident in his sculpture’s appropriation and popularization of models from the past.
Both the original plaster and a marble are in the Palazzo Pitti, Florence. This exceptionally sharp and finished cast is marked by the French fondeur Louis Martin. The inscription, Medailles Wien, on the base may refer to the Vienna Exhibition of 1873, where the piece was shown and praised, particularly for the veracity of the casting. Joseph Rishel, from Philadelphia Museum of Art: Gifts in Honor of the 125th Anniversary (2002), p. 72.
<|endofexample|>
Accessibility Information
Prints, Drawings, and Photographs
Married Children of Joseph Lea and Sarah Robeson Lea with Their Children
Companion to Philadelphia Museum of Art, 2002-6-2
1843
Augustin Amant Constant Fidèle Edouart, French, 1789 - 1861
Cut paper adhered to sheets of beige wove paper, with details drawn in brown ink and brown washes over graphiteSheet (sight): 20 x 30 inches (50.8 x 76.2 cm)
Currently not on view
2002-6-1
After living and working in France, England, and Scotland, Auguste Amant Constant Fidele Edouart, an accomplished silhouettist, came to the United States in 1839, and over the next decade cut silhouettes all over the country. In 1843, while in Philadelphia, he made more than 350 cuttings of individuals and families living in the city, many of whom were prominent members of the Society of Friends. Edouart’s exceptional skill is amply demonstrated in an unusually large pair of silhouettes of the Lea family, one of which is shown here. The Leas posed for the artist at Milverton, their ancestral home outside of Philadelphia on the Wissahickon Creek.
Edouart’s technique was to take a piece of paper, white on one side and black on the other, fold the black side in, sketch his subject’s profile in pencil on the white side, and then cut it out. He was a master of detail, seen here in his inclusion of toys, dolls, walking sticks, watches, and furniture, as well as his attention to the architectural features of the rooms. The family is engaged in a variety of activities: the ladies knit and converse, the men talk and hold various objects, while children play and babies wait on tasseled pillows.
Edouart often made duplicates and saved them in albums, allowing him to create future cuttings for customers without having them pose again. When he returned to France in 1849, he lost most of his duplicates, said to have numbered over 50,000, in a shipwreck. The loss so affected him that he never resumed his profession.
Edouart’s surviving work is significant in that it records the likenesses of many early nineteenth-century individuals whose features would otherwise be lost. It also provides graphic evidence of contemporary taste in fashion and interior decor as well as changing ideas of childhood and family. The Museum is fortunate to have such a fine example of this folk art form so delicately rendered by a prolific silhouette artist. Martha C. Halpern, from Philadelphia Museum of Art: Gifts in Honor of the 125th Anniversary (2002), p. 70.
<|endofexample|>
Germany’s UNESCO Route, Regensburg
ABOVE PHOTO: Kristalkoenigin in Regensburg.
By Renée S. Gordon
“I call architecture frozen music.”
--Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The final stop on our UNESCO Route is the spectacular city of Regensburg, 81-miles from Bamberg. The Old Town of Regensburg with Stadtamhof was designated a UNESCO site in 2006 based on the criteria that in the “High Middle Ages Regensburg was a political center of the Holy Roman Empire and a flourishing European trading center.” The Old Town was not heavily damaged during WWII and is the only example of an intact medieval city in the country.
Regensburg is situated at a bend in the Danube River and has been influential since the 9th Century. The architecture of the city reflects its physical and ecclesiastical history from the 11th-13th centuries through a series of Roman, Romanesque and Gothic structures. The city is named after the Regen River that meets the Danube here.
The area that is now Regensburg was the site of a 600-soldier Roman camp on a hill at the empire’s border in 90 AD. Emperor Marcus Aurelius established a stone, 1,476-ft. by 1,772-ft., Roman military fortification and trading post, Castra Regina, circa 179 AD. The fort was surrounded by a 20-ft. ditch, had 30-ft. high walls, 30 towers and 4 gates. A portion of the northern Roman gate, the Porta Praetoria, is still visible.
In the 6th Century the Bavarians, led by the Agilolfing dukes, settled the area. In 739 the city was made a bishopric and 506-years later became a free imperial city. In 1542 Regensburg converted from free imperial city to the Protestant faith. In 1810 the city became part of Bavaria.
There is so much to see that it is difficult to decide where to begin but when in doubt start with a museum that will provide an orientation. Because of Regensburg’s status as a UNESCO city it is best to begin in the Visitor Centre World Heritage Site Regensburg at Salzstadel. The center provides an excellent background on the city’s history with two floors of state-of-the-art exhibits. It is open year round.
The three story Regensburg Museum of History is situated inside a monastery that dates from the 13th Century. The museum galleries are chronological and begin with pre-historic artifacts. Highlights of the displays are artifacts from archeological digs including pottery and jewelry, a life-sized diorama of Roman quarters, religious sculptures and models of the construction of the Porta Praetoria and the cathedral. It is important to note that the vast majority of the exhibited objects are from the area. All of the text is in German but a visit is still worthwhile.
Steinerne Brucke, the Romanesque Stone Bridge, was completed in 1146 at a length of 1.083-ft. with 16 arches. It replaced previous wooden bridges and a pontoon bridge from Charlemagne’s time. For several hundred years it was the only stone bridge across the Danube. Look for the Bruckmandl, the little man on the bridge, on a pointed stone at the highest point. He is said to be the master-builder looking towards the cathedral.
Salt is one of the oldest commodities to have been traded. Roman soldiers often received their wages in salt, hence the word “salary”. Europe’s most important 13th-century trade route brought the salt from mines in Reichenhall to Regensburg. Adjacent to the bridge is the seven story Salt Store. The salt was brought here to be traded and warehoused.
One of the most famous sites is the Wurstkuche, the Historic Sausage Kitchen. This tiny restaurant has remained unchanged since the 12th Century. Do not leave without trying one of the Rothenburger sausages it is famous for.
Adam Weishaupt, the founder of the Illuminati, hid out at Engelburgergasse #8 from 1785-87. In May of 1776 the order was founded to reform education, religion and government and replace them with virtue, wisdom and science. In 1785 it was banned in Bavaria and Weishaupt fled to the free city of Regensburg. He was forced out two years later.
The Romanesque Cathedral of St. Peter was built where a church has stood for at least 2300-years. The current cathedral was begun in 1273, completed in 1525, with additional touches until 1872. The church became protestant in 1517. On the exterior note the numerous gargoyles, reliefs, 345-ft. tall spires and the two types of stone used, limestone and green sandstone. St. Peter, the cathedral’s patron saint, is shown in several reliefs.
PHOTO: Alte Kapelle.
The sheer beauty of the Gothic interior will render you speechless. The stained-glass windows alone make a visit mandatory, the earliest of which, located in the transept, date, from 1230. Two notable stone sculptures are attached to pillars in the nave. The Smiling Angel is unusual because of his laughing facial expression. Mary, directly opposite Gabriel, is depicted holding a book in one hand and greeting the angel with the other. The statues are part of the Annunciation Group carved and colorfully painted in 1280. St. Peter’s also houses the world’s largest free-hanging organ.
The Alte Kapelle is a Marian church built on the site of a much earlier Roman basilica. The church is the best example of Bavarian Rococo I have ever seen. The highly ornate frescoes depict the lives of saints and scenes from the life of Henry II and Cunigunde.
One of the most unique sites in the city is the Altes Rathaus, Old Town Hall. A guided tour here is a must and English language tours are offered daily. The complex includes a 13th-century, 180.4-ft. tower, 15th-century city hall, the Imperial Diet Museum and an adjacent medieval torture chamber and dungeon. This was the place where the Imperial Diet, the Holy Roman Empire’s legislative body, held court from 1663-1803.
Tours begin in the foyer and proceed through the Imperial Hall, the College of Electors, Electoral Ante-Room, College of Princes and College of the Imperial Cities. Many of the furnishings and decorative items are original.
Charles V established Germany’s first criminal code in 1532. It stated that a person could only be found guilty if they confessed. A confession could be tortured out of the accused but they could only undergo torture three times, no blood could be drawn from a Christian and trials had to take place within 14-days. As a result most torture involved stretching and dunking, a doctor had to be present so that no death occurred and there was always a cross because God must also be present. Not everyone confessed and they were freed but they always died as a result of the experience.
This is a fascinating tour that begins in the interrogation room. Here the person was questioned and shown the instruments of “painful questioning”. More than 85 percent confessed at this point. The torture chamber is filled with original instruments placed where they would have been. Witnesses sat behind a screen and someone was present to record the confession. In the dungeon the holding cell does not allow you to stand upright but it is better than the grated hole where some accused were placed. The Deadman’s Cell is part of the tour. Here you were given your last meal and your family could speak to you through slats on one side of the cell.
Document Neupfarrplatz is an outstanding archeological site uncovered during excavations in the 1990s. Now a museum, the underground tour allows visitors to walk through the ruins of Castra Regina on the lowest level and the remains of the cellars of 40 houses in the medieval Jewish Quarter. In 1519 the Jews were expelled, after the death of Maximillian I who had promised them protection. They were given four days to leave and then their houses were demolished and a Pilgrim’s Chapel and then the New Parish Church built on the site. An orientation video shows what both communities looked like.
In the nearby plaza on the footprint of the synagogue artist Dani Karavan created a “Place of Encounter” in 2005. This space is designed for people to come together and engage in healthy dialog.
Oscar Schindler is believed to have saved the lives of more than 1,000 Jews during WWII. After the war he lived, among other places, in Regensburg at Am Watmarkt 5. A plaque is located on the house. He died in 1974 and is the only member of the NAZI Party to be buried on Mt. Zion in Jerusalem.
One of the city’s architectural claims to fame is the number of private palaces built in the 14th and 15th-centuries with high towers. The towers, reminiscent of those found in Northern Italy, served no other purpose than as a conspicuous display of wealth. Of the original 60 patrician towers more than 15 have survived. The 13th-century, nine story, Goldener Turm is the tallest tower. Goliathhaus, built in 1260 on Goliathstasse, I believe to be the most beautiful of the towers. The façade features a 3-story fresco of David and Goliath, painted in 1573 when these scenes were in style.
Shopping in Regensburg is a special experience. Many of the shops are situated inside former historic residences and private chapels. Most of the shops are one-of-a-kind with a unique and eclectic inventory.
Across the street from Goliathhaus is the Goliath Café Bar Hotel. This wonderful boutique hotel is in the heart of the Old Town and no more than 10 minutes from each historic site. The hotel has natural stone bathrooms, 24-hour room service, designer amenities, WIFI and a Mediterranean roof terrace. The location is ideal.
A perfect way to end our trip to some of Germany’s UNESCO cities is with a dinner cruise along the Danube aboard the Crystal Princess. The ship features gourmet cuisine, music and dancing and 1.5-million Swarovski crystals. The ship glows with a million lights as you glide along the historic Danube. It doesn’t get better than that.
Plan your trip to Regensburg using the online tools found at the websites and
I wish you smooth travels!
TRAVEL TIPS:
Just in case Valentines Day failed to meet your expectations and you are not on the road right now, a great way to explore your relationship potential in the newly available Fifty Shades Of Gey® Party Game. If simple answers are not enough you can go to the next level by purchasing the ‘Red Room’ Expansion Pack, guaranteed to generate conversation. Join the more than 68-million international people who have read the trilogy, “Fifty Shades of Grey”, “Fifty Shades Darker” and “Fifty Shades Freed.” Game information is available online.
+.”
<|endofexample|>
ISO 9001 2008 Certified.
Nylon lines often leak and break in cold temperature. Stallion-Flex air lines are guaranteed to perform in any extreme weather conditions – hot or cold.They have a temperature range of: -70ºF to +220ºF
TIGHTER COIL MEMORY
Nylon lines have space between each coil. Stallion-Flex air line’s coil memory is so tight that there is no space between each coil.This eliminatessaggingand entanglement so you avoid citations.
TOUGH JACKETS
Stallion-Flex air lines are resistant to chemicals, oil, sunlight, water and extreme weather conditions.
Stallion-Flex air lines are twice as thick as the nylon brands.
WARRANTY
Stallion-Flex air lines have a seven- year warranty against cracking, kinking, excessive sagging or other significant physical damage resulting fromtemperatureextremes, exposure to oils and chemicals, or flexing fatigue.
BOTTOM LINE
Buying Stallion-Flex will save you time and money!
Stallion Flex Air Lines are the BEST VALUE in the industry:
15315 Cornet Street | Santa Fe Springs, CA 90670 | Phone: 1.800.421.3547 | Fax: 562.921.5770
<|endofexample|>
From the Midwest redneck author of "The Rooster Crows at 4am!," "Lizard Poop!," and "The Philippines Expat Advisor"
How to Find a Filipina Girlfriend 50 Years Your Junior
The subject matter of this post deals with an older gentleman that my asawa and I met at Raymen Beach in Guimaras a few months ago. Let's call him "Roy." Roy is 75. His Filipina girlfriend, "Jill," is 25. They've been together for the past several years and have a three-year-old son together. (photo by harrisarn from Flickr)
Roy's American wife died back in the States in 1981. After spending a few years in Denmark and other locations throughout the world, this Midwesterner decided to visit the Philippines back in the 1980's. He met a Filipina he had been corresponding with for some time . He arrived in Manila at 5 pm. They were married two hours later that same day at 7 pm.
Now wait a minute! I immediately exclaimed to Roy that his "marriage" was not legal. He could not have obtained a "Legal Capacity to Contract Marriage" in such a short time. The Philippine Government requires all foreigners to provide a "Legal Capacity to Contract Marriage" from his/her embassy before filing for a marriage license.
Roy quickly added that they also did not have the ten-day waiting period from the date of their civil wedding before the issuance of the marriage contract. This is also another requirement that the Philippine government demands. So in effect, their marriage was illegal. But Roy did not know that at the time. He did not care. He was anxious to start his honeymoon with his new wife. She wouldn't have sex until they were married.
But the Midwest native was "married" long enough to have his "asawa" sponsor him for a Permanent Resident Visa. Since Immigration authorities did not know of the illegal status of his marriage, he obtained the visa without any difficulty. It is not valid, but Roy is not about to go to the Immigration Office in Intramuros and report that fact now.
But the couple had a falling out. Since they were not legally married anyway, they split up. Roy stayed in the Philippines. He loved it here. But he was getting lonely.
One day the Midwesterner was sitting all alone at the food court at the EDSA North SM Mall in Metro Manila. He saw a young cute Filipina sitting at a table, also alone.
After a few minutes of exchanging glances, Roy walked over to the pretty pinay, 50 years his junior. "Jill" worked at one of the stores in the mall and was having lunch. After several luncheon dates, Roy asked Jill if she would stay with him at his home. He told her they would have separate bedrooms. She agreed, but not before the much older man asked the young Filipina's nanay (mother) permission for her daughter to go with him. Nanay gave her blessing.
The separate bedroom arrangement did not last long. As Roy explained to me he had a king-sized bed and needed someone to share it with. And share it they did. A couple of years later they had a son.
Roy has money. It is not his good looks and charm that snagged the senior citizen a beautiful girlfriend a half century younger than him. The age gap between the two is not unusual in the Philippines. And it does not take a lot of money to attract the much younger ladies. The perception that we foreigners are "rich" is usually enough.
The American went first-class on his visit to Raymen Beach. Rented the best room at the beach resort. Rented an entire pump boat for 600 pesos (14 USD) instead of boarding one for P14 (33¢) each. Hired a jeepney for P900 (21 USD) one way instead of a cheaper multicab which costs half that price.
Roy was not interested in saving money. He was only interested in impressing his girlfriend that he never intends to marry. "Why buy the milk if the cow is free?" is the old saying. But in this case, that "cow" is costing him a lot of money.
So can you be like Roy and find a Filipina girlfriend 10-50 years younger than you? Absolutely. Do you have to be rich? Nope, not at all. Again, the mere perception that foreigners have money, whether they be American, Canadian, British, etc., will attract a lot of younger Filipinas to you. Plus many pinays prefer an older mature man anyway.
If you approach the ladies like Roy did at a local mall in the Philippines, you probably will find many that will be receptive to chatting with you. If people call you a "dirty old man," do you really give a damn what they think?
Am I judging Roy? Absolutely not. My asawa is 13 years younger than me. Does age matter? Not in the Philippines.
Comments are welcomed. Please feel free to add your input. What do you think? Back in the States, lots of people would be giving him "the look" and criticizing him behind his back. While I'm sure he gets his fair share of stares in the Philippines, I did not notice anyone at the beach giving the couple much attention. What is your take on this?
hi dave,i sent you an e-mail about a woman i met whom wants to have a baby with me and then i am set free with no obligations,she even will sign a notorized document by a lawyer stating that i am not financially responsable for what happens before during and after the birth of the child as she is serious and wants a baby now as she is in her 30,s.She says she loves my big kano nose and wants her kid to have blonde hair.
I thought there was no jobs for expats in the ph,I may become a gigilo,wonder if i could charge for my services?
Way more fun in the philippines.
Got your email, Scott B. Nothing surprises me anymore in the Philippines. As we talked about before, the “old maid” age for a Filipina in this region is 30 and that comes from other Filipinas. Guess you can’t just turn off your good looks and charm, Scott.
Hey, if I was a 75 yr. old widower, I would probably want to spend my remaining years in the company of a young hottie…can’t take the money with you so might as well go out with a smile on your face.
But, at present, I’m just a 40 yr. old single guy that generally prefers women closer to my age so am looking in the 30-40 yr. old range (which I am throwing out there in case there are single Filipinas reading this blog. )
Yep, sure can’t blame the guy, Steve.
Any single Filipinas out there looking? Send Steve a reply, I’ll vouch for him. Steve? Have you added me as a Facebook friend? You might find some FB friends that are looking for a good guy. Check my Facebook mugshot on the right side of this website. Check out this story I did some time back, Steve. Nice lady. She’s still working at SM City in Iloilo. My asawa and I see her all the time.
The attitude of filipino’s have changed in the last 4 decades. Before if a filipina married a foreigner even at same age, she would be looked down on. When my wife took me to her home province in late sixtys the only 2 foreigners was the preist and me. People would come up to me and ask me to bless them. Now people come up to me and ask Hey Joe you looking for wife. Was there couple months ago and wife had bought some fish from vender and said she would buy all if he would clean them so she could dry them to bring back to states. My wife doesn’t dye her hair like most filipinos and has streaks of gray. I came outside to sit on porch and drink a cup of coffee and smoke a cig. The guy kept looking at me and finally asked my wife if I was her son inlaw. She told him no that we had been married for 46 yrs and the guy looked surprised and started apologizing to my wife. He said the only reason he asked was because alot of foreigners was marring younger woman from where he was from.
I see you are well versed on Viargra Dave.
I am happy to see you are adjusting to your golden years.
I am sorry but I just couldn’t stop myself…
dave and george
it would be an enlightning article(s) on how expats with your filipina wives who have lived with you outside of philippines think and deal with these younger filipinas that covet you, the “rich” foreigners.
to me, these wives of yours are golden, just for the communication part alone, you can speak to us and we get it. you dont have to explain everything.
I did meet a Kano at the G-Mall Grand a couple of years ago who was 35 years older than his wife…she was 55 years old. Yep! He was 90. They seemed happy doing the snowbird thing. Cold in the States and here they come to the Philippines. She has a house here and he has a house over there. It was working out well for them. Did they get lots of stares? Sure they did!!! He was tossing out the F-Bomb all the time. It was hard not to look.
hi maria,you are correct on the explaining thing which can become irritating after awhile as the explanation never makes sense,in the end everything is lost in translation.I have been enjoying spending time with a woman whom is 27 and she was a call center agent for t-mobile and took calls from the usa and actually knows alot about the different regions of the usa and now she is a teacher here and teaches english to the koreans and it is so nice to sit down and be able to talk and have her understand me and i her.She also gets it when i use sarcasm which most pinays dont understand when we are jokin a bit.
Gary, you would think someone who has reached 90 would be done swearing!
There’s 35 years between me and my asawa. We took 2 1/2 years to getting to know each other before we even realized there was such a gap. By that time it was too late we were already in love. Dave S. 40 years from now I may be that guy, LOL.
Hi Dave: Older expats with very young Filipina women like to believe that age doesn’t matter. Among the poor, it wouldn’t matter as the pensioned retiree would become a provider for the entire family. Among the upper levels of the Filipino society, it would not be accepted. There are many postings in the internet by expats that complain about how their young wives are not invited in activities in exclusive subdivisions that they are now residing.
Dave,
I would have to say that, if you can not attract a younger Philippina while in the Philippines you might consider jumping into a burning fire pit or possibly suicide might also be an option. While I was there I saw an old Ugly
Australian guy that had a Beautiful Philippina Wife. Things ARE Better in the Philippines Dave !
Let me try this again, George, three brown outs today for over a total of 12 hours. Hopefully I can reply before another one hits.
Interesting info on how attitudes have changed over the years, George. If most of us kano’s get stares now, I can’t imagine how it was for you in the Sixties. You must have attracted a LOT of attention.
Your asawa and mine must be one of only two Filipinas in the whole 7,107 islands NOT coloring their hair. My wife is 47 and has never dyed her hair. You see lolas here that must be approaching 100 with jet black dyed hair. My wife, does, however, have our nieces pull out any grey hairs they can find for her. I never see them, but I’m a 60-year-old geezer that needs glasses and contact lenses.
I see a whole bunch of younger Filipinas with older guys in our area, too. When I went to Cebu some time ago, they they were overrunning the SM City there. Hey, if a single guy out there finds a younger wife and they’re compatible, I’m all for it. More power to him.
Gary, I must get a dozen “male enhancement” spam offers in my personal email every day. They must know I’m in my golden years.
It’s OK, Gary,
My asawa gives them “the look,” Maria. I try not to stare whenever we go to SM City or Robinsons and always keep in mind my asawa has access to a very sharp bolo.
You had me there for a minute, Gary. She was 55 and he was 90. Say, that’s great. Glad it’s working out for them. I was approached by an American at the SM Hypermarket awhile back and he couldn’t talk without using the F-Bomb. He drew quite a bit of attention and I got away from him as soon as I could. Oh, did I mention the guy was married to one Filipina, trying to get an annulment from her and had a girlfriend he was wanting to marry? Plus, he had been living in the Philippines without any visa extensions for over eight years. Different strokes.
Scott b, too bad you lost that sarcasm edge. It took years for my asawa to catch on to my sarcasm. I can’t get away with any verbal jabs now. Glad you’ve met someone that’s easier to talk, too. That’s great and can make a relationship less frustrating. Good luck.
I was thinking the same *%*$*#!!#*** blasted thing, too, Randy.
Good for you, Mark G. Hey, as long as the couple are in love and are compatible, what difference does the age gap make? We only go around once in this life. Unless you’re Shirley MacLaine.
Roselyn, I have no doubt that the main attraction for many of the younger, poorer ladies is the security an older man, foreigner, or well-heeled mature Filipino could offer (I met a 62 year-old Filipino man that married a 19-year-old girl after the man’s wife passed away.) Taking care of one’s family is extremely important in the Philippines and if the couple are agreeable and in love, I’m certainly not going to stand in judgement.
I wasn’t aware of the postings you refer, to. Didn’t realize such a backlash was going on, interesting. Thanks again for the input, Roselyn.
AS I’ve often said Triple F, a guy could have a face that looked like a dog’s rear end but still find a beautiful Filipina wife or girlfriend.
It is just a fact of life here in the Philippines Dave. Expats are looked down upon by many.
When Meriam and I go out she hangs on to me…Why you ask? She was told to do that by her friends. They told her I might get kidnapped, by a young Filipina. Kinda like a dog chasing a car…what would I do with a lady 25 years old??? Support her and her boyfriend? That happens more than you think.
Well, Gary, that was certainly the case a couple of years ago when I was told by a Filipina at SM City in Iloilo that I was “just a foreigner here.” The “lady,” who was said to be a major in the Army, had a definite bias towards foreigners and even attacked my asawa. Here’s part one of that story.
Say you’re right about that, Gary. You must have read some of the stories that I have about older foreigners meeting up with a Filipina who happens to already have a Filipino boyfriend. Filipina lures kano, who is thinking with the wrong head, and kano “boyfriend” gets robbed and killed by Filipino boyfriend.
Oh, but some guys out there might be thinking “but I’m too smart for that.” Sure, and everybody in prison is innocent and the “check’s in the mail.”
Hi Dave: There are expat bloggers who are married to very young Filipinas or have very young girlfriends who write about this scenario in some of their articles. Among these are those bloggers with the handle of “Matt”, “Grey Wolf”, and “Dutchpickle”. These expat bloggers seem to be very pragmatic individuals and have no illusion about the Philippines.
Hi Gary: I’ve read a couple of expat postings awhile back that described very unpleasant scenarios, when native men would yell “pokpok” at their native women. This is disturbing.
Gary, that or heart failure!
“Among the upper levels of the Filipino society, it would not be accepted.”
I have heard this too. I used to chat with a Filipina who was not part of the upper class, but was college educated and had a good job, and she and her friends did not like seeing the old kano/young Filipina relationships. They had no problem with the kano/Filipina relationships where the couple was closer in age.
“older foreigners meeting up with a Filipina who happens to already have a Filipino boyfriend.”
Even if you are thinking with the head above your shoulders; at the end of the day, how do you know if there is no boyfriend? or is this scenario more likely, do you think, with the older kano/younger Filipina dynamic?
I had not seen that story, but she is a cutie! I think I’m one of the only people that isn’t on Facebook but I’m thinking of doing a profile there so I don’t miss out meeting someone like her.
I thought I hit pay dirt the other day on CB. She owned a bar! I asked if that meant I get all the free San Migs I want and she said ‘Yes’! Unfortunately, upon viewing additional pictures, she was either a very unfortunate looking woman or not a woman. Soooo close. lol
I agree with you Roselyn. My gf is 23 – and let’s just say I am not! Her family is not upper levels but they are middle class and they are very much opposed to our relationship. Unfortunately this may end our relationship since her dad says she cannot see me or speak to me again. Hard to know whether his objection is age gap, religion, or my being a kano – might be all 3.
But still it is so interesting that despite this, my gf loves me and tells her dad she wants to be with me forever – and finances clearly are not the motivation.
In our case, I will not let her ruin her family relationship for me, but I thought my story might add to the discussion.
Of course I should also add that I am very young looking and guapo – so YMMV
That is funny, Dave. Hahaha!
Ok, thanks, Roselyn. I’ve seen those handles at a Yahoo forum I used to check out. Haven’t looked at it recently, guess I’ll have to go back over there and see what’s been going on. Thanks for letting me know.
That IS disturbing, Roselyn. I hope I never hear anyone call my wife a “pokpok’ (prostitute) because I can assure you I will be getting in their face and will not let such a comment pass.
Steve, Arvin, a neighbor I never met before, was passing by as I stood outside our door yesterday, when a big rain shower hit. He stood under a tree. I encouraged him to come over and stand under our tarp, the one we use to shield our “hot” laundry lady. He came over, lit up a cigarette and asked me where I was from. “America,” I replied. “Where at?” he asked. “Illinois, a few hours from Chicago.” I said. “I have a sister that lives in California and is married to an American. But I did not like her marrying this man. She is only 37 and he is 59. I did not like that but I am getting more used to it now.”
I didn’t know this attitude existed among some of the upper levels of Filipino society, though my neighbor would be considered more middle-class. Interesting.
You DON’T know, Steve. A CENOMAR, Certificate of No Marriage Record, could help weed out someone that is married, but the news accounts I read did not only apply to the older kano/younger Filipina dynamic.
I just made a remark to Steve, DaveW, about my middle class neighbor, Arvin, who was very opposed to his 37-year-old sister marrying a 59-year-old American. Your gf is between a rock and a hard place. The family unit is extremely strong, as you know, and if Tatay has made a ruling, it would be hard to defy it. Frankly, this is the first time I’ve heard of any such objections. I was always under the impression that a Filipina marrying a foreigner would be welcomed, but perhaps that might only apply to some poorer families who see the marriage as an opportunity to help the family’s dire economic straits.
Most Dave’s are, Dave.
Thanks, Garf.
Still have to watch out if you do join Facebook, Steve, since I’ve encountered some scammers in the past there. But sounds like you almost hit the jackpot, carry on, Steve, carry on. Maybe next time.
Hi Dave: Let me correct one handle – “Grey Spirit” (rather catching) instead of “Grey Wolf”. I’ve lived in New Mexico too long.
Hi Dave W: Your situation is rather very difficult. The Filipino father is very much respected and as independent as I was as a young woman 32 years ago when I married my Anglo-American husband, I don’t know what I could have done if my father opposed my chosen husband. I could have gotten him itoxicated with Chivas Rigal (my father’s favorite Scotch) and got him to sign his agreement on paper.
When I decided to look for a wife in the Philippines I was 42, I made a rule that my wife to be must be at least 28 and have a child. Well, I am 45 and my wife is 22, what happened? It was kind of an accident, I saw her pictures on her CB profile and decided to just enjoy them for a few minutes despite her being to young and no kid. At some of these sights you can see who has been viewing your profile, she did and sent me a message. It took a while but eventually as I got to know her as much as you can via email, I realized that actually her hopes, dreams and view of the future fit in with mine, much more so that the older single mom ladies I was in contact with. Of course she wants to support her family back home in Zamboanga and yes they are poor, even by Philippines standards. She was up front from the beginning with all of this. It’s been working very well, my wife is working and will soon have her RN license and will have even better work. Most of my friends are older than me so I was wondering how my young would fit in at gatherings, dinners and such? Sure she was shy at first, then there is my friends wives, what on earth are they going to think? Well, here we are a year into this deal and I am pleasantly surprised at how well this wonderful young lady fits in, she has won them all over. In hindsight I think my friends, including their wives where not prepared for the level of respect she shows them, it is very refreshing after all.
Oh, ok, thanks, Roselyn. I’ve read some stuff from Grey Spirit before.
I agree, Roselyn. If the Father opposes the relationship, I honestly don’t know what DaveW’s girlfriend could do. She would be extremely hard-pressed to defy her father’s wishes. Maybe DaveW needs to find out what Tatay’s drink of choice is.
Glad to hear your situation worked out very well for you, Lee. Great story. I’m sure most of my readers have to listen to their hearts and go with their gut. That’s what I did when I started writing the future Sainted Patient Wife. Despite warnings from well-meaning co-workers and my Dad, I knew she was “the One.” Thankfully, I was right. Couldn’t have found a more beautiful loving AND extremely patient wife.
Nice to hear that your asawa is fitting in. Respect is important. My wife was in the States for over a year-and-half before she met any Filipina friends. She was so painfully shy. Now she has some great Filipina friends back in the States that she communicates with on a regular basis and dearly misses them. Thanks for sharing your story, Lee.
Dave,
Your Wife Really Is A Great LADY and Very Beautiful Also!
I Have To Say That You Are A Lucky Man !!
Till I Return
Unfortunately, in his religion – there is no drinking. Otherwise I’d bring him a case of San Miguel or a bottle of my favorite Mount Gay rum.
Flash news people,Racism is alive and well in all countrys. This is 1 reason why we fight wars. I have to agree with Roselyn. In Philippines I have noticed that people from Luzon look down on people from other islands and even people on Luzon from different province look down on each other. It is just the way they are brought up. Much less if they are married to foreigners or not. Even here in states people are brought up to look down on people from different states or race. I knew that even my parents was racist when I was growing up by the way they talked and did not want me playing with differant kids. They even tried to talk me out of getting married to a filipina because as young as I was had to get their permission to marry. After meeting my wife and being married for so long they came to realize that I made the best chose. Only one of kids that has not been divorced out of six. Even here in states you see filipinos or other races who do not like to see filipina’s married to other race. I feel it even in our circle of friends, even if they do not come out and say it, just by the way they act toward you or your wife. There are just as many racist in the Philippines as there is in the states but we just have more because of the population. Both countrys have had or still has racist laws as I see it. USA had laws on books in most states that you could not marry outside your race until Supreme Court struck it down in 65 or 66. The Philippines is just as racist as eny other country. This is why I thank they booted out the bases. Read between the lines of the speeches of the 12 politicians who voted out the bases and are still in power. I thank it is even in there 60-40 control of corporations and that even though you are legally married to a Filipina you can not own property in Philippines which can only be in her name and you inherent if she dies before you and has to be sold only to another filipino. What I am trying to get across here is that no matter what country you live in or who you are married to, you are going to run into stupid people because that is how they was brought up. Racism to me is like corruption and prostitution, it’s been around forever and will never be stamped out. My thanking is, a person or persons should be able to live or marry as they see fit no matter what other people thank or not. It is their bed, they made it so they have to sleep in it.
I had that line that you are just a foriegner used on me one time. It was by a PNP that hit the side of my car with his motorcycle. He only said it one time and I dared him to repeat himself. Suddenly he was at a loss for words.
Did this lady mention that there was a specimen cup and a turkey baster involved? Thats how it always ends up for me! haha!
Hi Dave,
I tried to resist responding to this subject but it was way too tempting.
First of all age does matter! The only people that say that age doesn’t matter are the people that are defensive over their lifestyle. Oh and the guys that star on “To Catch a Predator”. I know what you guys are thinking; you are the exception and she is your soulmate. The intelligent people in this situation would openly admit that there are some challenges in their relationship. I am always laughing at the men that are blaming Filipino culture for their problems. No Einstien the problem is that you married someone that is the age of your grand daughter (well at least in the southern US) and then you complain that she is immature and clings to her family.
There are so many issues involved with marrying some one 30, 40, or God forbid 50 years younger than you. Think about it; everybody looks at Hugh Hefner and laughs. He looks like a skeleton wrapped in wax paper and still manages to hook up with a new wife every few years. Does anybody have the belief that these young women are into liver spots and sagging testicles? Do you guys ever hear the stories about so and so’s cousin that went to the airport to meet her chat mate and ran away when she saw him in person? I guess the colostomy bag and oxygen tank were more attractive in the webcam.
The next response I anticipate is “Your just jealous”. Haha! Nothing could be further from the truth! I had no desire to hook up with a baby momma with a tale of woe from a remote area. I was introduced to a vibrant attractive mature business woman that only wanted me for my sweet loving nature and nothing more. (yeah I know that it is hard to imagine that I am so freaking wonderful but it is true!) She has a life experience to share with me and we have some common interests. Since my wife is mature she is not jealous or insecure that a cute little gold digger will sink her hooks into me. I have had several young ladies ask me why would I marry a matrona when I could have a young lady like themselves. I ask them what do they have to offer that my wife doesn’t. I haven’t gotten a reply yet.
The 75 year old married to the 25 year old with the 3 year old child is hysterical but sad to me. The wife will go from changing the diapers of the child to changing the diapers of the father. While she is diapering the old man after chili night at the VFW he will be saying age doesn’t matter right Honey? The sad part besides the visual incurred in the aforementioned statement is that odds are the child will grow up without a father. Even if he is still alive while the child is growing up chances are that the father will be a demented old zombie that has no interest in raising a child. Remember grandparents don’t always make good parents. Okay you Geritol jockeys lets hear how special and unique you are.
Btw Great comments Roselyn!
Sorry Tom, but I think you’re delusinonal here. Do you not understand that there are millions of people in the US, Phillipines or wherever else that believe with all their little judgmental souls that your multi-racial relationship is wrong and immoral and they too will give you logical reasons why it is fraught with problems. I am sure you don’t feel this way, but others do.
27 years ago I married an African-American woman. It was the enlightened 80s and I was surprised at the number of people who openly or secretly disapproved. Course we didn’t care and when we finally divorced, race wasn’t the issue, though my father assumed it was.
So I know what you’re thinking – this has nothing to do with race, it’s about age or specifically the age gap. But it’s the same thing. Two legal adults have the right to fall in love and marry. People may arrogantly assume they know the “reasons” for the couple coming together – but often they don’t.
So what age gap does the morality police think is appropriate? 5 years, 10, 20? Even Dave’s gap of 13 years, while modest in Ameican-Filipina relationships is large by Western standards. Of course, dave deliberately goaded us into the discussion by referencing a large gap of 50 years. But if it had been 20 years – would that pass muster? BTW, how do I get to join the morality police and more importantly – what do they pay
Why do I say you’re delusional? Because I guarantee that people look at you and your asawa walking down the street and have the same contempt for you that you have for this couple. It’s the contempt that’s wrong – not the couple.
To Dave D – I admire you for bringing up this topic. But there’s a famous Philippines expat forum that bars such topics because invariably the discussions break down. References to “To Catch a Predator” have often been cleverly used and for some reason men married to younger Filipinas take offense.
Just sayin’…
I may not be able to exress my opinion as eloquently as Tom R but as for me ..for a 75 year old man to marry a 25 year old girl is indecent and about the ultimate in stupidity and selfishness on the part of the silly old fool …and to father a child to the poor disilusioned girl …I dont have the words .I am 59 years old ..my wife is 45 and i will admit I had some reservations at the beginning because of our age difference. It is important to Josie that we look compatible in public and I wouldnt like that my wife would ever feel embarrased or uncomfortable to be seen with me .Of course she and all her friends and family told me I look young (but they told you that too.didn”t they )One deciding moment for me was when her daughter ..Angel.. insisted I be the one to take her to school .She beamed with pride to introduce me to her teachers and classmates .Grownups will tell you what they think you want to hear …if you want the truth ..ask a child .I dont know what the cutoff is when it comes to age difference but when I see an old western guy and a very young filipina together Im thinking …bargirl ..I feel embaressed and pity for her ….sori for being honest ………….thats my 2 bobs worth (australian expression ..Murray the kiwi understands ) ok …2 quarters worth for american friends …thats all …..
Thanks, Fearless Frank. The Sainted Patient Wife is all that and more. I appreciate the kind words and will pass them onto to her. We’re awaiting your return and wish you the best.
Understood, Dave W. Since I had never heard of Mount Gay rum, and feared it might have something to do with mounting gays, I looked it up in Wikipedia and found this fascinating (to me) tidbit: “Mount Gay Rum is named for Sir John Gay Alleyne, 1st Baronet of Four Hill. Sir John Gay Alleyne was a trusted friend of JOHN SOBER, who inherited the Mount Gilboa Plantation/Distilleries from his father William Sandiford in 1747.” I just loved that “trusted friend of JOHN SOBER” part.
its pouring rain in iloilo this morning at 4 am and i bet dave is in major brownout mode so we wont get any reply from dave d for a while.
Yes, unfortunately you are correct, George. Racism is still thriving in the United States (i.e., church in Mississippi refuses to marry black couple) and thrives in the Philippines. Watch a black person walk around our local SM City mall in Iloilo and notice the stares he gets and people actually pointing at him and the Filipina that he is with. I’ve witnessed it many times in the past three years that we moved here.
And yes, there are definite racial overtones, as you noted, regarding the United States being booted out of the Philippines. Those feelings still exist. But when China builds a military garrison in the Spratly Islands, there is a big cry for help from the government. They want more military aid and weapons from America. Some senators here even want the current VFA, Visiting Forces Agreement to be terminated. That’s fine with me. The less money the U.S. spends on foreign aid could be go to feeding homeless people in America and creating more jobs.
As you stated, George, corruption and prostitution will be around forever. Look at GMA’s release on bail.And the failure of the government to arrest her again on some new charges. Does anyone honestly think corruption will be stamped out in the Philippines? If so, pass the shabu, because that’s what you must be smoking.
Great insight and commentary, George, thanks so much for sharing your views.
I’ll have to remember that line, Tom. Btw, I’ve had expat friends who were hit by other vehicles here and guess who always got the tickets?
That’s a good one, Tom.
Not meaning to offend anyone, DaveW. Just opening up what I know is an extremely sensitive topic. To be honest, other expat forums can ban the topic, that’s their personal choice. I always ask everyone placing a comment to be respectful of the other person’s viewpoint no matter how much they might disagree with it.
My opinion? It really doesn’t matter to me. I understand both points of views, but if two consenting adults want to marry or be boyfriend and girlfriend (as was the case in my story) the age gap, no matter how great, isn’t really any of my business.
Wow delusional and contemptous. Not yet any way. Maybe that comes with age. I have had mixed race relationships before. With that being said I still believe that everyone has a bit of racism in them. The biggest racists are usually the people crying racism. People are not the same and should celebrate their differences. You are apparently still see color as a factor in everything and cannot look at the whole picture. Hmm, I wonder if you are contempous or delusional?
Hi Charlie,
My wife and I almost adopted two girls from the orphanage hear until racism reared it’s ugly head. The one concern that I had was that when our two daughters became older would people would look at me like a pedophile if I were walking alone in public with them. Since a social worker decided that after a month of the children being in our home that foriegn adoption is forbidden the sisters had to return to the orphanage.
Here’s a LINK to the orphanage story Tom is referring, too. And yes, racism was definitely a factor in the social worker’s decision to deny the adoption.
FOUR frickin’ brownouts Sunday, Scott B, lasting a total of over 14 hours. The kids had to cover their ears a lot.
We had 2 brown outs on Sunday. They lasted a total of 5 minutes each. We did have a 12 hour brown out a couple of weeks ago. Something blew up and took all day to repair. We had a big storm back in Michigan and the power was out for 3 days.
Perhaps my analogy wasn’t clear. Of course the original question wasn’t about race. But I just see little difference between criticism about race, religion, gender, or age. If we celebrate differences between people of different races, creeds or religions isn’t is possible to celebrate differences in age?
As to the original subjects of the post, while many people may be surprised or shocked by the 75-25 couple, I am wondering at what age it would have been OK or socially acceptable: 65-25, 55-25, 45-25, etc. And the more important question – does it matter if it is socially acceptable?
Which comes back to the original point I made (though perhaps poorly). If a relationship between a Westerner and Filipina is considered socially unacceptable by some, should that matter? I assume the answer for most of us is no – that shouldn’t matter.
Then why is social acceptance based on age so much more important?
No doubt I am currently sensitive to this issue. You can all see by my posting above that my gf’s family is currently forcing us to end our relationship since it is “socially unacceptable” for the family. And I am far far away from 75.
Dave you would think that a country that has 25 to 30 typhoons and most expensive power would wise up and come up with a way to bury those lines in the ground so that are not replacing them after every storm. But again might have to spend some of the excess money their making to put in their pockets and give customer better service.
Did’t I read a while back that your island has their own power plant so they are not dropped when Manila needs more power.
Well this has been an interesting discussion. As one who is married to someone 30 years younger I don’t know what I can add. Do we get disapproving looks? Certainly. Do we enjoy each others families? Yes we do. Hers accepts me and mine accepts her. Did my father have doubts about our relationship? Yes he did but so did hers. We took a long time to get to know each other and discussed many topics over the years before meeting in person. I had my doubts right up until I got to know her in person. You hear so many terrible stories I didn’t know what to expect. I feel more at home in the Philippines than I ever did in the US but I’m still not completely at ease. I guess that’s just my nature. Do I embarrass her? Probably but I spend a lot of time embarrassing myself too. Just the way things are if you know what I mean. I’m happy. She’s happy. I know our little boy is happy (usually). When he’s 18 I’ll be 73 so I plan on being around for him unless God forbid something catastrophic happens, and I plan on living every day to it’s fullest because there’s no other way to live. Anybody who has an issue with how we lead our lives or an attitude about our relationship can take note the door swings both ways, don’t let it hit you in the back side on the way out. I’ll always have a nod and a wave for you. Even if you don’t fully understand what we see in each other it’s OK you don’t have to.
I was by no means writing about social acceptance. Roselyn made a good point about families with higher social standings frowning on mixed race marriages but I suspect it again becomes more of an age issue or where the initial introduction took place as to how such a relationship is viewed. I am by no means against anyones relationship nor do I pass judgement. The thing that is offensive to me is misplaced blame when everything is no longer peaches and cream. There are many considerations with any relationship. A multicultural relationship is challenging. Throw in a big age difference, a lack of worldliness, language barrier and possibly even stepchildren, you have a potential for big problems.
I sincerely wish you well with whatever path your life takes.
Dave
Not only do you have to watch for gold diggers in Philippines and on inter-net but also here in states. My daughters father in-law is 85, filipino and was hooked up with filipina who was in her late 30 when they met with 5 kids. He was talked into marring her to get her kids to states and seeing how they was all under 18 on SS. His kids tried to talk him out off it but he would not lessen to them. To make long story short she talked him into going back to Philippines, and now he is some place in Cavite where she is from and not allowed to visit or see eny of his relatives in Iloilo. She now spend more time in states and controlls both his retirement checks. This is why my wife has change are living trust so if she go’s before me the kids get her share. Ha Ha.
14 hours isn’t so bad. Over July 4 weekend, we didn’t have power for almost 4 days after some freak storm blew through. I was out of expletives sometime during Day 2.
In the States, we had an ice storm in March one time, Gary. I was lucky, my apartment didn’t lose power, but some parts of the city, Springfield, Illinois, were out of power for almost a week. That’s the longest power outage I can remember in 57 years of living in the States. We’ve had TWICE as many brown outs in Iloilo as we did in Guimaras lasting twice as long. I keep a daily record. Just another reason to move back to Guimaras.
Dave W., I absolutely have no issue with any couple marrying no matter with the age difference is. Before I married Melinda, 13 years my junior, I had also received pen pal letters from Filipinas as young as 19 years of age. I was 46 at the time. They seem liked nice girls but nothing “clicked” for me like they did with Melinda. But if there would have been some chemistry I would have continued writing them despite the age gap. Pervert? Dirty old man? I really don’t care what other people think. If two people are mutually in love with other and are consenting adults, I personally see nothing wrong with it.
That’s the trouble in the Philippines, as you well know, George, a lot of monies marked for infrastructure improvements go into the pockets of some corrupt officials instead. Guimaras, where we lived for over 2 years when moving to the Philippines, is building windmills and is hoping to be fully dependent on power from wind starting next year Here’s the link to that story that was recently in the news.
Panay Island, where we live now and in Iloilo province, has been building coal-fired power plants to produce electricity. An order of the Energy Regulatory Commission (ERC) that allows a coal plant operator to charge an additional 32 centavos per kilowatt hour to recover P692.304 million in commissioning and testing costs.
The Iloilo chapter of the Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PCCI) said the additional charge is an added burden to consumers who have to pay one of the highest electricity rates in the country. (source: The Inquirer News) Yeah, that plan for new coal-fired plants is working out for us.
Hi Dave: Indifference to age gaps, economic standing, religion, tribe, and race is visible in the Philippines. Indeed the Tagalogs may look down on the Bisaya from Mindanao and vice versa. In a university environment as my small university town in the U.S., the “looking down practice” are against those without a minimal degree of at least a bachelor of arts. God help a fellow professor who brought a spouse without some type of education in a university function. Inevitably, the conversation will turn to your alma mater.
I witnessed an embarassing situation once in our local mall during a fashion show. The announcer took the time to introduce each beautiful young model and gave them an opportunity to state their major and class level standing. It came to a young lady that was not attending a university. The audience was quiet and the poor young lady was so embarrassed.
I don’t like social gatherings so I don’t miss the “pecking order” of people. If you are not a social climber in the Philippines (or in any country), you won’t be put out if people snob you.
Hi Dave: Please remove the second entry. My computer took a hi-cup and posted twice. Thanks.
I’m on your side, Mark G. See my response to Dave W. As far as embarrassing my asawa goes, I’ve been doing that for over 12 years now. But I bet I’ve embarrassed her more the past three years that we’ve lived in the Philippines versus the previous nine years of marriage in the States. I appreciate everybody participating in the debate, no matter their viewpoint. It would be a boring world if we all held the same views.
BROWNOUTS ????????you’re off topic again you chaps ……………..Tom … I understand where your’e coming from …you’re attempt to adopt 2 filipino kids and your concern that some might look at you as a peodophile in public with your daughters .Of course this is somthing I also considered as (Josies)our daughter is 11 years old but it hasnt been an issue…maybe I;ve aged pretty well at 59 but I have never heard any negative comments ….i understand a little tagalog …….Now please stay on topic lads hahaha ……..unless you met your young filipina during a brownout
Awww, shucks, Tom, I appreciate you weighing in again. I’m a lucky guy to be married to a Filipina as most of us married to one are. What in the world Filipinas, some of the most beautiful, patient, loving and loyal women on the face of the earth see in some of us (myself included) is beyond my comprehension. Sorry about stirring up some crap guys, just wanted to shake things up a bit. I promise less controversial topics in the future but can’t guarantee I won’t write something again to stir up the pot.
Sorry to hear about your daughter’s father-in-law, George. My wife knew two Filipina gold-diggers back in the States. One of them got booted back to the Philippines and has been banned from ever entering the U.S. again. Hopefully, Immigration in the States will catch up with the other loser.
I would have run out of expletives, too, Steve. We’ve had some twisters back in Illinois that knocked out power for awhile but nothing that took us down for four days. That’s a frickin’ long time.
I don’t like social gatherings either, Roselyn, unless there is a local fiesta. That, I can handle. Your story about the young lady who was introduced at the fashion show and was not attending university reminded me of a couple of Fil-Am organizations we had back home. Two of the organizations were loaded with doctors along with a smattering of lawyers. Everybody dressed up. It was interesting to see how the plans for their youngsters were publicly announced to much fanfare at the annual Christmas parties. I didn’t like attending them. While it was great that the kids were going on to follow in their parents’ footsteps, it seemed to me that each parent was trying to out do the other.
However, I enjoyed going to the “redneck” Fil-Am Christmas party in a small Central Illinois town an hour’s drive from us. No bragging. Just lots of good food and an “Elvis” impersonator as the DJ. That was my kind of crowd.
You’re welcome, Roselyn.
Ahhh, Clarrie, we never stay on topic, we kind of ramble. But I understand how you might be concerned when you go to the mall with young daughters or nieces. Our 19-year-old niece went to the mall with us yesterday and I think I got more than my usual share of looks. Either that, or I’m getting more paranoid in my old age.
I’m no stranger to drawing the looks. Last visit, I was accompanied to town by four of my nieces, the oldest being 19, and I didn’t have to see anyone looking at us….I could feel the stares penetrate me like laser beams from all directions. It didn’t bother me all that much but you do know that peoples thoughts were traveling full circle that day. Bahala na.
Hi Dave: Elvis impersonator? I asked my husband once if we could renew our vows in a drive-in marriage window in Las Vegas or go to those small chapels with an Elvis impersonator for a wedding facilitator. To top the occasion, I thought that I would try out one of those wedding bouquet dispensers with a credit card. (We had a very traditional white wedding and I thought that it was just too stuffy, but my Fil-Am father approved.) My husband’s answer was: “no”. I guess I’ll have to find a Filipino Elvis impersonator when I get there. My husband might become mellow with age and will get the humour.
It’s amazing that for a people that are usually so polite, Randy, the amount of stares a guy can get sometimes. My asawa just stares back. That puts a stop to it.
I lived in Vegas for a year, Roselyn, and waited on “Elvis” one day at a store I worked in. He was employed at one of the chapels you mentioned along with a group of about another dozen or so Elvis impersonators. I even had a ride from a Filipino cabbie one day who worked as “Elvis” when he wasn’t driving his cab.
But I have not seen any Elvis impersonators here yet, but I would have to imagine the Metro Manila area must have some. Good luck on getting your husband’s mind changed.
I guess it must be an unwritten law of courtesy that says if you aren’t the only one staring, then it’s not impolite to stare.
There are no shortages of Elvis in Tupelo, MS (Elvis’ birthplace). Every year during the Elvis Festival we have a impersonator contest that draws upwards of 20 or more impersonators from all over the USA. It’s not uncommon to have an Elvis sighting on regular occasion.
I have read or heard that people in the Philippines have been shot because they was staring at someone because they thought you was giving them the evil eye.
It must really be a fiesty old fart . But is there really good sex between them lol. You never know. All i can say is more power to them as long as they are happy. Take care
Dave, and the guy had the good sense to brag about it? What an idiot.
I read on another forum a while back where a guy was telling everyone to stay away from St. Luke’s Hospital in Mania. He was telling everyone they didn’t know how to do a DNA test. He was wanting to bring his bride and baby to the USA. Hahahaha!!!! The baby wasn’t his!!!!!!!
I think you’re right, Randy.
I swear I’ve seen Elvis here, Randy, but that’s only after I’ve had a few too many bottles of Red Horse.
I believe that, George. Wouldn’t doubt it one bit.
I don’t know, PapaDuck, and I wasn’t going to ask. He’s feisty, alright.
Yep!
Only in the Philippines, Gary.
Dave ~ I’m sure there is one at the bottom of every bottle!
Dave. Since I am from Springfield, IL, I know exactly what you are talking about with the one group so Filipinos that at one time included mostly physicians and other professionals. My asawa often was the person who did not want to attend their gatherings such as gthe Christmas party since she did not want to hear about how sucessful their children were. The relative number of physicians has declined over the yeaars, and the groups has mellowed a bit. Luckily, my wife is only four years younger than I, so we get few stares or comments in either Phils or the States.
I am curious to know about the more compatible Fil-Am gruop in Central IL. Is this the group from Decatur started by Jason Lee? Jason is now president of CIPAS, so CIPAS has become a more relaxed and down-to-earth organization.
Dave, you are a brave man for opening this can of worms. Good topic and good discussions; very interesting to hear all these points of view.
Hi Mike, good to hear from you. There was a group out of Peoria whose meetings my asawa and myself attended. I only went once. The second visit to Peoria my wife attended without me but went one of her best friends, one of the nicest Filipinas you could ever meet. Only 36 years old but died while on the dance floor dancing with my wife. She had a heart condition.
It’s 3am here now, so I have to wait and ask my asawa who is head of CIPAS now. My wife keeps in touch with her friends back in Illinois so I have to check with her. We’ve attended CIPAS meetings in the past in Springfield. I’m not a big fan of getting dressed up and going to Christmas parties to listen to a bunch of people (not all, mind you) brag in public. If things have mellowed out more now, that’s great.
Thanks, Mike. I’ve got to stir up the pot occasionally.
Dave. We have met many of the Phil-Ams from Peoria as they have attended the Simbang Gabi held in December of each year in Springfield – the Peroia folks seem like a good group. We usually have a a good time at the annual CIPAS picnic.
Yep, been to the annual CIPAS picnic, Mike, always a good time like you stated. I really don’t know too many folks from the Peoria group. My asawa is awake now but she’s going with our niece to get some requirements for her new job at SM City. It’s like going on a scavenger hunt.
My wife, Ghia, does the same thing to me, Gary. I asked her why she has to hang all over me, especially when it is 95 degrees and 95% humidity. She said that her friends warned her that some other girl might try and “snatch” me. I asked her what she thought I was going to do with another crazy Ilongga?? BTW, I just found this site and I hope that I can connect with some other expats here in Iloilo.
Stuart, good to hear from you. And my Lord, who in the world could handle more than one “crazy Ilongga” in the first place? I’ve been married to one for over 12 years! Btw, Stuart, send me an email sometime through my contact page or add me on a friend on Facebook if you have FB. I’ll let you know next time we have a meeting.
Long time no comment from me. I’ve been back in the US and just got back about a week ago. I was wondering if I am the only kano in the Philippines that is younger than their asawa. My wife is 8 years older than me and we’ve been married for 32 years and 4 months now. I can’t say that it’s always been roses, but I don’t think anyone that’s been married for so long can say it truthfully.
As for embarrassing your spouse in public, well I do that all the time, and it has nothing to do with age.
Dave I’ve got some catching up to do on your blog, so I better get started.
Hey John!
So you finally made it back? My wife is three and a half years older than me. She is ageing more gentley than me though. haha!
Welcome back, John! Our Webmaster Supreme, Rich Pawly, said you would be returning soon. Good to hear that. I see Tom’s response and find that his asawa is also older than he is, but I would say, based on my three years living here, you guys are the exception rather than the rule. That said, back in the States, one of wife’s best friends, a great Filipina lady, is around 10 years older than her husband, a geezer of 60 like me. Age doesn’t matter.
Yeah Tom I’m back and more than ever ready to make this website work. I will be updating my hotel/restaurant information this month and that will including adding more of the restaurants that have been popping up.
I also hope to get updated pictures of the progress of the Ciriaco and Robinson Mall.
As you may have read in my latest story posted “Deserted Destinations”, all of this progress we are doing here might not be worth a poot unless they upgrade the airport.
I tried to contact Rich when I got back, but he is in Davao and not home. I didn’t get to talk to him while I was gone because no one there had Skype on there computer. I didn’t want to load something on someone’s computer either.
I loved being in Texas, but I’m glad to be back here amongst my own things.
We have friends back in the US and she is about 55 and he is 90, but they are both Filipino. So as you say, age doesn’t matter and neither does race evidently.
From what I gather from this story, the way to get a Filipina about 50 years your junior is to basically show up and ask one of them, preferably a poor one. Probably more than 50% of the time you will find a taker. Is that what most of y’all got from the story? I personally would not mind having a much younger wife, but she would have to be mature for your age. I think I’ll try to hang onto mine for at least another 32 years though.
Getting back on topic, here is a PhilStar article about age gap and marriage in the RP as it happens here too.
I did meet a kano a few years ago who was 83 and had recently just got married to his 26 year old wife.
But, I guess it isn’t just a foreigner thing.
Man, 80, marries 21-year-old girlfriend
By Eva Visperas (The Philippine Star)
Rob, I posted a link to that article this morning (below).
Glad to have you back, John J. As soon as I get my new eBook done and get all my errands finished (have to make a run to SM City to fax some documents to get paid for my Cherry Blossom commissions, thanks for signing up guys, and mail a birthday card to my Dad), I’ll be checking out your site.
Rich lives on Skype, John. I still use my magicJack which works fine, as long as we don’t have a brown out.
I met a 62-year-old Filipino several months ago at a birthday party. He’s a widower that married a 19-year-old Filipina. He left the party early. We all told him that we suspected we knew the reason he was departing early, he had that young bride at home.
I think that a lot of Filipinas are in dire straits, John, and some would do almost anything to help their family, even if it met marrying someone a lot older than they are. Jobs are scarce and everyone can’t find employment overseas as over 10 million Filipinos already do. But that said, there’s no reason that romance can’t bloom. Some of the ladies like the more mature guys that are ready to settle down. Glad to hear you’re going to hang onto your asawa another 32 years.
Great story, Randy. The old geezer has still got it.
Thanks for the info, Rob. I read Randy’s link on the story. I wonder how long the guy will be able to keep that “spring in step” the article mentions.
Thanks, again, Randy.
If I were looking now in the age of facebook, I would probably get a second account for my search. I like facebook. I wouldn’t want to risk my primary account to whatever I might find looking for love. A lot of people do this. On my friend list, I have 2 dogs and a rabbit. Sometimes, you need to be a little discrete.
With so many fish in the sea, I am sure I would have passed if I could not enjoy peace with my wife’s family. If a woman cannot get the blessing of the family to marry me, I would be uncomfortable. I would wonder about her relationships not only with her family but with others, including me, once the honeymoon is over. I don’t enjoy conflict. Sorry to say, I wouldn’t want a marriage with even a perfect for me woman who would want to marry me without the blessing of her family.
This isn’t America guys. There are too many good women over there you can love and at the same time enjoy peace with her family.
I simply would have passed and moved on if I were in that position. I simply wouldn’t have it.
Funny but O so true. I am proud as I can be when I say I simply wasn’t good enough for women in the western hemisphere. No one can look down on me for having to go to another hemisphere to find someone, because I totally agree. I may be a loser, but I can’t imagine being any more happy than I am.
I also enjoy the looks, giggles, and blushes I get from everyone who sees how much I adore Melyn. I think we just have to embrace our issues and enjoy whatever we can.
Good point Gary. I know Melyn was told the same thing. She hung on for dear life when I visited there. I was totally unaware. I just enjoyed it. When we met some of her friends, I really enjoyed hanging out with them. She was terrified by that. When she explained why, I just told her it would be absolutely stupid for me to forget about all she had invested in our relationship and grab someone else. I had to explain to her I wouldn’t want a girl who would do that. I also told her I liked her friends because I didn’t think they would do that. She obviously wasn’t so confident in them. Five years later, I still enjoy them but they know the best they can get is a good recommendation in helping them find someone who will love them as much as I love Melyn.
Wow Lee. I felt like I was reading my own story in your words. I am 51 and my wife 39. I wanted someone older, but she was just too perfect. She too in nearing her RN. Her parents are very poor even by Philippine standards. It has been a great ride.
We found through Arlene Sonneborn the filipino group in Virginia IL. They are so much more down to earth. I only went to one CIPAS Christmas party and will never go again. They had assigned seating. We were seated with a bunch of little kids. The food was really bad catered food and really expensive.
The Virginia group has an awesome potluck with real food. Country cooking is always better. When you get filipinos cooking out in the country, you will never go to CIPAS again.
Absolutely agree about even the very young filipinos have a social maturity that we in the USA do not have.
I think we share the same Facebook rabbit friend, John. That poor rabbit is the star of the show for our mutual friend, the magician, and works his tail off for the guy.
Peace in the family is absolutely essential, John T. Everything is smoothed over with my wife and her family. Got lola, her Mom, some new eye glasses yesterday and everyone’s going out to Raymen Beach today. Should be fun. Lola will probably sit underneath the rented nipa hut with me and since I don’t understand much Ilongga and she understands very little English, we’ll just be smiling at each other a lot. But that’s fine. I’m looking forward to it.
The best thing that could ever happened to me was my American wife divorcing me, John T. I never would have found the true love of my life if she hadn’t. And I wouldn’t be living in the Philippines, either. Life takes some pretty funny twists and turns, but I’m extremely happy with the way mine has turned out.
I forgot about that assigned seating, John T. We couldn’t even sit by our close friends. I didn’t care for that arrangement at all. The Virginia group is a lot of fun with an awesome potluck, as you stated. I felt more at ease with the Virginia group and always had a lot of fun there.
That’s very true, John T. My 19-year-old nieces that live with us are very mature for their age. I can depend on them and they never complain. Great girls. I asked Michelle if she would clean the keyboard keys of my computer while I was gone to SM City and asked her sister April to please mop the floor of my room, dust and clean the room for me. Both chores were done to perfection without one bit of complaining.
Assigned seating? I would be doing an about face at the door! Nobody tells me where to sit, NOBODY! Well, except my mother and maybe my asawsa, of course.
Yep, the assigned seating didn’t sit well with me, either, Randy. And you can bet, my asawa is the only one who can tell me where to sit, also.
I am single…
There you go, Steve.
Hahaha… That was a quick reply.
I was just reading the comments and just say that Steve was looking for a friend with almost the same age as him.
I just happened to be on my website, lyah, when I approved your comment. It’s all up to Steve, now. I’ll quit interfering.
<|endofexample|>
Details
1. Condition: brand new & fashion design
2. Style: Enamel Purple Heart Hollow Ball 925 Sterling Silver European Beads
3. Material: solid 925 sterling silver,enamel,free of lead and nickel,925 hallmark stamped
4. Color: Purple
5. Bead shape: Hollow Ball
6. Bead Size: approx 7.71×8.42×8.33mm
7. Hole size: approx 4.89
<|endofexample|>
Using Human Factors Engineering to Improve Medical Device Safety
On June 24, Louise Underdahl, faculty member at University of Phoenix School of Advanced Studies and risk analyst with UCLA Health System, will present at the 2010 Regional FDA MedSun (Medical Product Safety Network) Conference. The conference provides opportunities to share lessons learned and clarifies potential problems encountered by other participating hospitals.
Her presentation will be on UCLA Health System's experience with the tag and sequester aspect of medical device reporting. She hopes to identify possible solutions during the discussion that may identify strategies for encouraging medical device manufacturers to rethink design.
Underdahl stated that UCLA’s medical device safety initiative began in 2004 when the university accepted the FDA’s invitation to participate in the MedSun project to improve medical device safety. She says the goal was to streamline the reporting process in order to encourage user participation, increase data accuracy and identify potential vulnerabilities associated with human factors. She clarified the last point, stating that human factors engineering (HFE) is “the science and the methods used to make devices easier and safer to use. When applied to medical devices, HFE helps improve human performance and reduce the risks associated with use” (FDA, 2009).
Underdahl admitted that, initially, staff members were reluctant to report issues with medical devices for several reasons. One, they were unfamiliar with the online event reporting system. Two, they feared punitive consequences. And three, they suspected it would ultimately be an exercise in futility.
Device-Reporting Reluctance Turns into Acceptance
This reluctance eventually began to turn around. “Risk management representatives and unit directors attended rounds and department meetings to educate staff on the rationale, procedure and benefits of reporting device issues,” said Underdahl. Participation gradually increased as clinicians began seeing results. They realized that reporting actually created positive changes and even generated a sense of pride in making a difference.
“Alerting manufacturers to potential vulnerabilities with device design and use is a significant incentive for staff reporting,” said Underdahl. “For example, when the head of an operating room bed drops suddenly and causes the patient's neck to snap, the manufacturer must be informed. When a pump delivers too much or too little medication and the patient experiences cardiac arrest, the manufacturer must be informed. Both UCLA Health System staff and MedSun representatives collaborate to target the specific device and identify factors contributing to malfunction so that the manufacturer may assess design and functionality.”
Medical Device Manufacturers Resist Necessary Change
Since 2004, medical device event-reporting has improved through ongoing education initiatives. The device is retained—tagged and sequestered—instead of being discarded, identifiers—including model, serial and lot numbers—are provided, and underlying circumstances are documented in online and verbal reports.
Even with these achievements, manufacturers' resistance to change is a formidable challenge. Underdahl related a real-life instance that illustrates this challenge. “A dysfunctional skull clamp lacerated a patient's head during surgery, necessitating stitches. Expeditious reporting to MedSun triggered an investigation of ancillary issues, all of which were completed in a timely manner so that the involved clinicians remembered the event. Yet, the manufacturer failed to link the reported details with the dysfunctional skull clamp, sent follow-up correspondence to the incorrect hospital and ultimately concluded that ‘the root cause may be related to user error.’”
FDA: Design with Device Use in Mind
According to Underdahl, FDA research indicates that the “frequency and consequences of medical device use errors far exceed those arising from device failures. Therefore, product developers must consider device use and use-related hazards to ensure that their devices will be safe. FDA's human factors program evaluates manufacturers' design validation documents required by the Quality System Regulation, develops guidance documents to help manufacturers understand and use human factors engineering, and educates manufacturers about the need for human factors programs” (FDA, 2009).
References
FDA. (2009). Medical devices: About human factors. Retrieved March 30, 2010.
<|endofexample|>
Joke's on You
Could Joke Arpaiofind himself living in a tent soon?
It could happen, unless the Maricopa County sheriff and Tent City overlord has the funds to pay off a debt of $195,000. Or unless it comes out of the public purse.
A jury last month awarded that sum in a personal judgment against Arpaio in the case of Jeremy Flanders, a young man who was beaten by other inmates at Tent City. He sued the Sheriff's Office, alleging that Arpaio's guards were negligent. The jury awarded Flanders upward of $900,000 in damages. And $195,000 of that is the sole responsibility of the Crime Avenger.
Since he bumbled into office in 1993, Arpaio's administration has generated nearly 1,000 lawsuits. The tab for jury awards and settlements is inching toward $15 million. And that's not to mention the millions taxpayers have spent to hire lawyers to defend the county.
In any such negligence lawsuit, The Sher is named personally as a matter of routine. But it is not a matter of routine for him to put his hand in his own pocket. No such thing happened when the family of Scott Norbergwon $8.25 million from the county over the inmate's death. Nor with Richard Post, a paraplegic who was tortured while in the sheriff's custody, who was paid off to the tune of $800,000.
Officials at the Sheriff's Office are unconcerned. "Every civil lawsuit names not only the sheriff, but his wife, too," says minister of information Lisa Allen. "Does that mean he's responsible? No. There is no actual legal entity called the Sheriff's Office. We're appealing the decision."
But, if the jury's decision is upheld, will Arpaio have to pay personally?
"No," says Allen. "He does not have to pay."
So who will? The county?
"Yes."
Jack McIntyre, Arpaio's in-house legal beagle, says it is not unusual, in cases where damages are awarded, for the sheriff to be held personally liable.
"It's no big deal," he says. "It's paid for by insurance." He could not provide figures showing how many times this has happened.
What is not commonly known is that, even in cases where insurance pays the sheriff's bills, the public still has to dig into its pockets. The county must pay the first $1 million, and insurance companies pick up the tab after that.
Will the county write a check for $195,000 to cover the Joke's liability?
Two spokespeople for the Board of Supervisors say they were unaware of the personal judgment against the sheriff. "I knew about the judgment, but I didn't know how it was broken down," says Al Macias. Is there any possibility that the county might pay Arpaio's personal debt? "I can't answer that question right now," Macias says.
"It's too early to discuss," says his colleague, Amy Rezzonico. "There are probably motions still out there. There will probably be appeals. We don't know what's going to happen."
Joel Robbins, Flanders' attorney, concludes: "The county has a big problem. I've got another three or four cases pending, and Flanders wasn't the worst. God knows how many people have been hurt under Arpaio. I can only take about one out of 20 of the people who approach me."
YSC&N
You say you're feeling a little creaky with age? Hot flashes? Prostate hard as a hockey puck? The Flash discovered an antidote to aging angst in the Crosby, Stills, Nash& Youngshow that air-evaced into America West Arena on Monday.
This tour shouldn't be dubbed CSN&Y2K. It should be CSN&YAARP.
Let's be candid. The high range on the harmonies is not as crisp as it once was. The harmonies do get a bit cloying after a while (though the strata are ample enough to enable even the most tin-eared bleacher singer to bray in proximity). And, frankly, Graham Nash is starting to look -- and sound -- a lot like Miss Hathawayfrom The Beverly Hillbillies.
Reunion tours are risky. They're more likely to sully fond memories than to gild them. That wasn't the case with Monday's show.
Crosby once quipped: "The four of us together is like juggling four bottles of nitroglycerin."
So if Neil Young can amble jovially -- and with exquisite result -- about the stage with the other three amigos, then there's hope for peace in the Middle East and Kashmir and Sri Lanka and East Timor and Scottsdale.
Make no mistake, talented and venerable as all the others are, this tour is mostly about Young's reunion with CS&N. The Flash has seen Young and Crazy Horse several times, and has always been impressed by the woodsman's ferocity and, yes, ragged glory. Juxtaposed with the other iconic janglemeisters, however, Young's musical chops become as pronounced as the muttonchops on his curmudgeonly jaw. He powers the show -- stomping about, brow overhung, like some lobotomized scarecrow monk, strangling the life out of a succession of gee-tars.
CS&N clearly recognize his brilliance -- and exploit it. Young's numbers -- "Southern Man," "Cinnamon Girl," "Down by the River" and "Rockin' in the Free World" -- all brought the arena to its feet. Young's extended grind with Stills on "Down by the River" was the gooseflesh moment of the night.
The Flash
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
Remember that night in the tent when you were 5 and really, really had to wee but were afraid to walk across the campground, yet your big brother... More >>
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
A bad review is denoted by a ROTTEN tomato.
In order for a movie to receive an overall rating of FRESH on Rotten Tomatoes, the reading on the Tomatometer for that movie must be at
least 60%. Otherwise, it is ROTTEN. The ratings and reviews are licensed by the Phoenix Public Library from Rotten Tomatoes. For more information,
please visit the Rotten Tomatoes website at
<|endofexample|>
Samsung Behold Review
. This TouchWiz non-smart phone variant packs a nice 5-megapixel camera with support for T-Mobile’s recently launched 3G service. Eye candy and transition effects are littered throughout the phone which will turn heads as you show off the Behold to others.
The package contains:
- Samsung Behold SGH-T919
- USB data cable
- 1GB microSD
- SD card adapter for microSD
- User Manuals
- Wired Stereo Headset
Design:
The Behold retains almost the same design elements we have found on other TouchWiz devices we have reviewed. Of all the other Samsung devices already released domestically, the Behold has the smallest form factor (4.1x2.1x0.5 inches) and reduces the screen size to 3 inches. The phone is constructed out of a hard plastic with the outline having a glossy look to it. We were surprised to see that Samsung used stainless steel back plating for the battery cover which supplements its overall durability.
You can compare the Samsung Behold with many other phones using our Size Visualization Tool.
Even though the overall screen size has been condensed, it still manages to retain a resolution of 240x400 pixels and 262k colors. You will be amazed how well different colors are beautifully recreated with text easily legible in direct sunlight. Pressing on the screen is accompanied with a vibration feedback to indicate something has been touched. You can zip through the various menus thanks to the precision of the device whenever it is touched. You will find the light sensor in the upper left side of the screen which adjusts the brightness to extend battery life. On the very top, you will find the sole speaker, which is used for everything from phone calls to speaker phone.
Just like the Eternity and Omnia CDMA, Samsung kept the buttons to a minimum of three physical ones which are slightly raised on the front. The send and end keys are found on the side with the middle one being used as the back/clear key. On the left side you will find the volume rocker and charging/USB port. Samsung did not go with the traditional mini or microUSB connection and decided to stick with their own proprietary port. This TouchWiz variant relies on using the same connection port to allow use of various headsets rather than a 3.5 or 2.5mm jack. You will also find the dedicated camera button on the bottom right side to quickly take photos while another one found towards the middle unlocks the device. If you’re worried about dropping or misplacing the Behold, you can tether it to yourself using the lanyard strap next to the camera button.
On the back you will find the 5-megapixel camera with a flash and self portrait mirror. The hard metallic battery cover slides off to reveal the battery compartment, SIM card slot, and microSD slot. Just like what we found on the Eternity, we are still baffled as to why manufacturers still insist on having users remove the back cover and battery just to install a mircoSD card.
You will find only the microphone on the bottom of the device.
Samsung Behold Review 30 Dec
8 Comments
1. Armo posted on 20 Oct 2010, 01:55 0 0.
5. behold--me posted on 26 Jun 2009, 14:15 0 0
2. Armo posted on 30 Dec 2008, 13:46 0 0
oh and i forgot to say that the Behold was the first touch wiz phone available. delve was the first available for pre order online but the actual first was the behold. then came the eternity, then delve and lastly the omnia.
3. Agent posted on 04 Jan 2009, 19:45 0 0
It's crazy saying it "only" shoots QVGA video. I can count the number of phones available in the U.S. on one hand. Oh, and that's 320 x 240 pixels more than what the iphone shoots.
4. Agent posted on 04 Jan 2009, 19:54 0 0
Okay, this is what it says: "We were quite disappointed to find that it only supports a maximum resolution of 320x240."
6. behold--me posted on 26 Jun 2009, 14:17 0 0
the screen images and icons on the phone are from the older software version i got the behold in april and it has the same appearance and icons as on the memoir it looks WAY BETTER dat way
7. behold--me posted on 26 Jun 2009, 14:18 0 0
next phone i get is gonna also be samsung....but with a much better and updated UI very disappointed with no addable widgets like on the omnia hd and the jet and stuff
8. LamontSim posted on 24 Aug 2009, 13:12 0 0!
<|endofexample|>
Toshiba Excite 10 LE set to hit stores on March 6th for $529.99
@PhoneDog_Alex
Toshiba's 10-inch Excite tablet has been kicking around for some time now, first popping up on our radar as the AT200 back at the beginning of September. Today Toshiba announced that the slate is now known as the Excite 10 LE, and along with the name change, the company also revealed when the Android-powered device will finally be going on sale. The Excite 10 LE will be available "from select U.S. retailers" starting March 6th, with pricing set at $529.99 for the 16GB model or $599.99 for the more capacious 32GB version.
Interested in a quick refresher on what makes the Excite 10 LE tick? You're looking at a 10.1-inch 1280x800 display, 1.2GHz TI OMAP 4430 processor, 5-megapixel rear camera, 2-megapixel front camera, 1GB RAM, and both USB and HDMI ports that are micro in size. Android 3.2 Honeycomb will come preloaded onto the Excite 10 LE when it hits stores, but Toshiba says that an update to Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich is expected to hit later in the spring. Toshiba is also touting the Excite 10 LE's size, claiming that it's "the world's thinnest 10-inch tablet" at 7.7mm thick.
The Excite 10 LE isn't Toshiba's first 10-inch Android tablet, as the company also has the Thrive available in that size. However, the Excite looks to have a much more premium look and feel than the company's previous 10-incher. It's kind of a bummer that the Excite won't come with Ice Cream Sandwich preloaded, but the at least anyone interested in the device shouldn't have to wait too long to get a taste of Google's latest dessert. Thinking about picking up the Excite 10 LE? You can find our hands-on with the slate from CES as well as Toshiba's press release down)1.
“Excite 10 LE embodies what a luxury tablet should be”5. Gallery:
Connect with Toshiba on Twitter at twitter.com/ToshibaUSA, on Facebook at and on YouTube at youtube.com/ToshibaUS.
<|endofexample|>
- Photography ServedProject Featured On:Photography Served — 11/13/12
- Adweek Talent GalleryProject Featured On:Adweek Talent Gallery — 1/15/13
SR
- Sruli Recht
Artwork
- Sample of artwork made for designer Sruli Recht
- Thank you !
Served is a collection of sites that showcase category specific content from Behance, the world's leading platform for creative professionals across all industries.View All Served Sites →
Sponsor
Discuss This Project: ( Comments)
<|endofexample|>
A white precipitate forms at this cold seep in Juan de Fuca Canyon.
Cold seeps are ocean floor "springs" where sulfide- or methane-rich fluids
are released from the seafloor.
Image ID: expl1108, Voyage To Inner Space - Exploring the Seas With NOAA Collect
Location: Washington, Olympic Coast NMS
Credit: Ed Bowlby, NOAA/Olympic Coast NMS; NOAA/OAR/Office of Ocean Exploration
Category: Ocean exploration/
• High Resolution Photo Available
Publication
of the U.S. Department of Commerce, National Oceanic & Atmospheric
Adminstration (NOAA),
NOAA Central Library
NOAA Privacy Policy
| NOAA Disclaimer
Last Updated:
April 30, 2013
<|endofexample|>
A Coast and Geodetic Survey crew that worked along the ALCAN Highway.
Image ID: pers0339, NOAA's People Collection
Photo Date: 1944?
• High Resolution Photo Available
Publication
of the U.S. Department of Commerce, National Oceanic & Atmospheric
Adminstration (NOAA),
NOAA Central Library
NOAA Privacy Policy
| NOAA Disclaimer
Last Updated:
April 30, 2013
<|endofexample|>
Deborah Block
PhotoShelter
212-206-0808 x3325
deborah [at] photoshelter [dot] com
PHOTOSHELTER UNVEILS REDESIGNED SHOPPING CART &
NEW E-COMMERCE FEATURES
Streamlined checkout process emphasizes usability and sales conversion
New York, NY, June 11, 2011 - PhotoShelter (), the worldwide leader in photography portfolio websites, sales and marketing tools for photographers, today."
Among the new e-commerce features also released today,.
PhotoShelter is providing a guided tour of the newest features and design enhancements via webinar on June 14. Join the webinar.ter..
<|endofexample|>
Learning search results
Adobe® Photoshop®...
07:45
Tutorial: Using the medical analysis enhancements in Photoshop CS4
By: Deke McClelland
Use 2D and 3D measurements, multiple counts and visual representations, and scale marker refinements on medical images.
<|endofexample|>
Posted by Barney on December 18, 2003
In Reply to: Re: Dim as a Toc-h Lamp posted by James Briggs on December 18, 2003
: : any ideas to the this means....???
: TocH was a charity, similar to the Salvation Army. It set up various troop facilities in WW1. If these were near the front line, then the outside lamp was very dim for safety reasons. Hence the saying.
There used to be - maybe still is - a 'Toc H' establishment somewhere near 'All Hallows by the Tower' (London England) that had a very dim lamp above the door: I took this to be a symbol of the organisation.
<|endofexample|>
Home » Phuket Directory » Nai Yang » Shopping » Food » Ice Cream
Nai Yang : Ice Cream
Displaying 1 to 0 of 0 businesses
Have a business in Phuket?
Find out how to give your business worldwide exposure through the power of Phuket.Net
Search Phuket Hotels
Latest Lisitngs
- SandBAR Sports Grille 18 February 2013
- The Indigo Pearl Resort 9 November 2012
- Sirinath Marine National Park 6 November 2012
- Naiyang House Bungalow 18 October 2012
- Nai Yang Beach Resort 18 October 2012
- Lauda Air 15 October 2012
- Kite Boarding Asia 11 October 2012
- Udom Bungalow 4 October 2012
- Wangwaree Resort 4 October 2012
- Baansuan Leela
<|endofexample|>
“Talang” is the name of the first road of Phuket Town. In the day of Tin mining boom, Talang road is the center point of the commercial and business of Phuket. It’s the biggest market on the island that someone said “ You can build the house after you walk through this road” show that Talang road is the most important market in Phuket province.
Although not busy as ever , Talang road is still an important market of Phuket. Today you can go shopping many kinds of goods especially “Baba Nyongya” souvenir and antique. Baba Nyongya is the culture of Chinese that immigranted from their homeland to Malaya Peninsula. Its peak was at the time of Western Colonization age so it’s the interweaved culture between Chinese, Malayan and European culture. The Baba Nyongya culture was spread around Malaya Penisula especially Singapore, Malaka, Penung and Phuket. The area around Talang road , Thai government declared as the historical area.
Welcome to Talang road, the historical road of Phuket Town. Admire the magnificent architecture “Shino-Portuguese”. Experience the old way of life and inherited tradition.
D’s Corner is pleased to welcome everyone.
<|endofexample|>
Overview of Exchange
Exchange 2010 provides all the elements of a messaging service in a single integrated solution:
- It can re-route incoming mail onto other mail systems.
- It can store mail messages within its own Information Store.
- It provides a directory service containing all the contact information for Physics staff and this information is available to email clients supporting the LDAP directory access protocol.
- It provides flexible access to your stored email via
- Web Browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox etc)
- IMAP clients (e.g. Apple Mail, Thunderbird, Pine, Outlook Express)
- POP clients (e.g. Eudora)
- Microsoft Exchange Clients (e.g. Microsoft Office Outlook, Microsoft Entourage).
- It provides the means to share information in a secure and controlled way so that email folders or your calendars can be made available to your colleagues.
We intend to use the system in a mode where email messages will be stored within the Exchange information store and viewed on demand by any email or web client. Although it is possible, we recommend that email is not transferred from the exchange server to your own private mail store. The great advantage of this is that your mail never moves so you get the same view of your mail from any computer type with any email software. Use of the Web Access service on Exchange may well be interesting for those travelling offsite as all you need to find is a relatively uptodate web browser.
We are currently migrating accounts from Exchange 2003 to 2010. For more information, please click here.
To use the system you will a require a Windows account and an Exchange mailbox. Please contact IT Support.
<|endofexample|>
New users must register to place ads, create a watchlist and a wishlist.
There is no fee to place a standard ad on PianoMart.com, however, if your piano sells as a direct result of your PianoMart.com ad, a 3% referral fee is required. If your piano does not sell, there is no fee.
<|endofexample|>
Exploring restaurants in Denver and beyond
Don’t let the name fool you, this is a Sushi place not a sex shop. Although, I did have to have a chuckle about it when invited to go here for the first time recently. Also don’t be fooled by the idea that sushi and Tulsa don’t mix. Despite the distance from any ocean, this sushi joint offers very fresh and thickly cut fish. Situated atop one of the few hills of mentionable size in Tulsa, In The Raw not only offers sushi and Japanese dishes, but also one of the best views in and of the city. It really is a must go restaurant, even if you just want to go for a drink with friends.
As many people do, we started off our meal with a bowl of edamame. It is just one of those staple menu items that pretty much everyone always orders. Although there was nothing spectacular about what we received in terms of flavor, the portion size was significant. Definitely more than your average sushi place, and yet for the same price.
Each person in our party opted to order sushi, but decided to go with different Maki (roll) orders. I selected the Cody 2 Roll and the SC Slug Roll. The first is a basically a dressed up Spider Roll, containing the usual deep fried soft shell crab, but also including salmon, cream cheese, avocado and jalapeño all topped off with slices of eel, a coatings of both eel and spicy sauce, and a sprinkling of sesame seeds and scallions. It sounds like a lot to go into one roll, but was definitely delicious. It is definitely not a traditional sushi roll, but by American standards, I didn’t find it to be too much, which is great considering the number of ingredients.
The SC Slug Roll, on the other hand, was a fairly traditional inside out roll that was made up of raw yellowtail, tuna and salmon, all rolled in masago. Definitely a healthier alternative to my first roll.
One of the other table mates ordered was the Volcano Roll and the Spider Roll. The former of which contained deep fried shrimp, cream cheese, avocado and jalapeno on the inside and was dressed with scallops in a large helping of spicy sauce. Visually, you can understand why they named it the Volcano Roll as the spicy sauce is orangey red in color and completely covers the sushi and much of the plate. Tasty to some I’m sure, but you have to be a fan of the mayo based spicy sauce to enjoy it.
As it always is at every restaurant, the Spider Roll consisted of the usual deep fried crab, avocado, and cucumber. A good roll to be sure, but it was hard to stack up against the Cody 2 Roll that was staring it down from across the table. Although with fewer ingredients and no cream cheese, many would probably prefer this roll for being more simplistic and “traditional”.
Our last table guest opted for more basic sushi option, selecting the Spicy Tuna Roll. Typically, spicy tuna rolls utilize ground or finely chopped tuna and mix in a spicy mayo as the basis of the roll. Here, however, they used large cuts of tuna, cucumber and some sprouts spiced up with a bit of sriracha based dressing. Definitely one of the better Spicy Tuna rolls I’ve come across.
All in all our experience at In The Raw was very positive. The outdoor patio was wonderful to sit on during the balmy evenings of late summer. The view, well, the view is the best in the city and therefore hard to complain about or compare to. And the food was above expectation for a sushi restaurant in a Midwestern city. Fresh and thickly cut, it was nothing to scoff at. So, if you are in the Tulsa area and are looking for good food with a good view, you now know where to go.
Basic Info
Cuisine: Japanese, Sushi
Features: Onsite Parking, Outdoor Seating, Reservations
Address/Phone: 6151 S Sheridan Rd, Tulsa, OK 74133 / 918.524.0063
Hours:
M-F 11:00 – 2:30
M- Th 5:00 – 10:00
Fr & Sa 5:00 – 11:00
Website:
Name (required)
Website
You can use these HTML tags
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>
Subscribe by Email
Post RSS
<|endofexample|>
September 14th, 2012 by Beth Kleber
In 1988, Bic launched a fragrance line, hoping, somehow, to bring the convenience of their pens, lighters, and razors to the world of perfume. The French company touted their product as “the world’s first fine French perfume that combine[s] high quality with affordable pricing and a stylish, portable design.” Four fragrances were produced: “Jour” and “Nuit” for women, plus “Bic for Men” and “Bic Sport for Men.” The pocket-size bottles were designed to resemble Bic lighters and sold for $5 in the same drugstores and supermarkets where other Bic products were made available.
It was a classic case of overreach (despite the “Paris in your pocket” pitch of their advertising) and Bic Parfum tanked, because it turns out people don’t want to buy French perfume from the same people who make their disposable lighters and plastic pens. Production and distribution in most markets ceased in 1991, though apparently it is still produced and sold in Iran.
However, let us not find fault with the charming packaging for the US designed by Seymour Chwast. His typically bright and playful illustrations adorn several versions he developed for the brand.
Chwast experimented with several different approaches; the examples below are more type-centric.
This one gets closest to the glamor and exoticism generally favored by fragrance companies in the 80s.
May 14, 2013
It’s delightful!
<|endofexample|>
:
- 1890 circa 5 years
- Original Format:
- Photographic Print
- Item#:
- MES21189
- Height:
-.
<|endofexample|>
..
Order yours now from Amazon
<|endofexample|>
Saturday State Sports Briefs: Bucks bounce back to beat PistonsWisconsin Sports
-- Milwaukee Bucks coach Scott Skiles makes it simple – his team needs to win its last seven games of the season to have a shot at the playoffs. Friday’s 113-97 win in Auburn Hills against the Pistons leaves Milwaukee two games out of the eighth and final playoff slot from the NBA’s Eastern Division.
<|endofexample|>
U.S. Senate candidates looking for party endorsementWisconsin News
-- To earn the party’s endorsement this weekend, one of four Republican candidates for U.S. Senate has to gather 60 percent of the votes. All four have been working to build support and all will speak to delegates this afternoon before the vote is taken.
<|endofexample|>
Betty was born June 7, 1922 near Norwood, Iowa to Warren and Nelle (Howard) Homsher. She attended country school at Puckerbrush. Betty married Ed Hayes on May 3, 1941 in Princeton, Missouri. They were blessed with three children: Linda, Cathy, and Ron. They made their home in the Chariton area and she worked as a nurse's aide at Yocom Hospital and at the Lucas County Health Center.
Betty was a great cook and loved having everyone over for Sunday Dinner. She was filled with kindness and loved. She loved time with her children and grandchildren; and could be described as being dedicated to her family. She also enjoyed reading and crocheting.
She passed away February 25, 2013 at the Iowa Methodist Medical Center in Des Moines. Preceding her in death were her parents; husband, Ed in 2010; and her sister, Donna Jacobs.
Surviving are her children: Linda (Ray) Homan of Des Moines, Cathy (Harold) Clark of Chariton, and Ron Hayes of Chariton; 10 grandchildren: Jean, Jim, Christine, Aaron, June, Daisie, Joe, Carrie, Buck, and Jason; 10 great grandchildren; 3 great-great grandchildren; a sister, Sandra Laugen of Auburn, WA; and many nieces, nephews, relatives, and friends.
Following Betty's wishes, no services are planned. Memorials may be made in her memory to the Lucas County Humane Society. Online condolences may be left for the family at
... 
No Photos Yet
Add one now
Cathy, I'm so very sorry for your loss. Cherish your memories. My sincerest sympathy to you, Ron and Linda. God bless you all.
No Videos Yet
Add one now
<|endofexample|>
Music Together® teachers are passionate about music and the development of children. They have all been registered and highly trained with Princeton's Center for Music and young children.
They create a fun, informal, social setting that spurs engagement and supports each child's musical development. They thrive in seeing the children delight in musical play and the joy it brings the adults who love them!
Tracy is a registered music together teacher/director and a registered nurse. She and her husband, Ben moved to Colorado Springs in 2009. She started taking Music Together classes in 2007 with her daughter in Nashville, Tn. and from the first class, Music Together became part of her family's daily life! She continued to enjoy music, taking the classes here in Colorado Springs with both her children Sydney (5) and Nolan (3) and when the opportunity arose, she jumped at the chance to teach. She also jumped at the chance to direct and became the new owner of Pikes Peak Music Together this summer!
Tracy has always had a love for music but wasn't provided much opportunity as a child to explore that so teaching and facilitating this music gives her extreme joy. She loves being a silly big kid playing, dancing and singing with all of the Music Together families! Music Together has encouraged her to be a better musical role model for her children and she is thrilled to also be bringing that music to others that otherwise might not be enjoying music and that quality bonding time. Tracy truly believes that the JOY you express in music making today is the JOY your child will have in music throughout life!
Erika Cincotta has been teaching early childhood music and movement classes for 12 years. After graduating from Duquesne University (Pittsburgh, PA) with a degree in Music Therapy, she taught four years at the Peabody Preparatory in Baltimore, Maryland. In 2005, she became a registered Music Together teacher and opened a center in northwest Baltimore County. After the birth of her third child, Erika took a break from teaching and directing. She is now back to teaching and excited to get back to Music Together. Erika, her husband Aaron and their three children relocated to Colorado Springs in August 2010.
Sonja is the founder of Pikes Peak Music Together, LLC, and was thrilled to have brought Music Together back to the Colorado Springs area! She discovered Music Together in California when her son was 2 1/2 and fell in love with the program. That son is now 9 years old, and she also has a 5-year-old daughter.
Sonja has a bachelor's degree in Human Biology from Stanford University. She is currently serving on the Board of Governors at her daughter's preschool, Ruth Washburn Cooperative Nursery School. She enjoys writing for children and singing with groups when she gets the chance. Sonja is excited to share her lifelong love of music through Music Together and is currently enjoying the flexibility her subbing position with Pikes Peak Music Together has given her.
Music Together art & logo design © 1992-2013 Music Together LLC. Music Together is a registered trademark. Pikes Peak Music Together, LLC is licensed by Music Together LLC. For more locations: - (800) 728-2692
<|endofexample|>
Did you like this video?
yes |
no
98% of viewers say yes
You must be logged in to recommend a video.
Log In / Register
No thanks
A hectic day (let’s face it – we have more of those than we can count) means you need to get a meal ready pronto. Follow a few suggestions for speedy prep, and relax… you’ve got it covered.
Ingredients:
Prep Time:
Total Time:
<|endofexample|>
Did you like this video?
yes |
no
60% of viewers say yes
You must be logged in to recommend a video.
Log In / Register
No thanks
Plan, Plan, Plan: Never underestimate the power of preparing in advance.
Do the math: Plan on 4 to 5 appetizers per guest for each hour of your party.
Shop Smart: Write down the needed ingredients and prepared foods; double-check your pantry to see what you have on hand; check coupons; group the list by store and even by aisle for a speedy trip.
Ingredients:
Prep Time:
Total Time:
<|endofexample|>
Topology Seminar: Benedict Williams
- Date: 10/31/2012
- Time: 15:00
University of British Columbia
The Brauer Group and Obstruction Theory
The study of central simple algebras over a field is a venerable topic in ring theory. There is a generalization of central simple algebras to schemes in the étale topology (in fact to arbitrary ringed sites) due to Grothendieck. The group of equivalence classes of Azumaya algebras over X is known as the Brauer group of X. By comparing the étale topology on a smooth complex variety X with the classical topology, we are able to use results from classical obstruction theory in order to obstruct the existence of certain Azumaya algebras. After giving an introduction to Azumaya algebras and the Brauer group, we shall present one such result, which furnishes lower bounds on the ranks of Azumaya algebras on spaces of low cohomological dimension.
Location: ESB 4127
<|endofexample|>
.RELATED CONTENT
Students learn dangers of texting and driving first-hand
Just last week, texting and driving officially became the leading cause of death among teenagers, surpassing drinking and driving.RELATED CONTENT
Conference aims to give hope to people with mental illness
It’s about hope and education, Ginger Spiess said. That’s why the Carlton County Local Advisory Council hosted a conference on mental illness last Thursday at Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College.RELATED CONTENT CONTENT
Students at the Cloquet Area Alternative Education Program spent last Thursday doing activities based on the National Day of Silence, to bring awareness to GLBT (gay, lesbian, bisexual, transsexual) individuals — or anyone with differences — who have been “silenced” by name-calling, bullying, etc. Some stories shared their own stories of bullying or abuse.RELATED CONTENT
<|endofexample|>
Justin Bieber is readying the release of his new album Believe but before we get the album, we have to get the first single. The Biebs has released new single artwork for his single Boyfriend and he wants YOU to help him decide which coverphoto to use. JB posted two different single coverphotos and he is asking his fans to vote for the one they like best on Twitter. Don’t you just love the Democratic process? Click below to see the competing coverphotos and pick your fave.
Now, I’m not sure if any of you have a vested interest in which coverphoto gets selected … heck, I don’t even know if any of y’all care … but this is kind of fun, letting the fans pick the single cover … don’tcha think?
Personally, they’re not so drastically different from one another that I honestly could care less which coverphoto gets selected. I guess my preference is for the the second photo (#JBboyfriend2). Which photo do you prefer? Make sure you vote for your fave on Twitter. You don’t want to miss out on having a say, do you?
this looks more like a facebook profile pic rather than a coverphoto
LOL…so true!
The second is better
He seems less cocky, less skinny, much pretty, and I don’t even really know who he is so this is pretty objective
Definitely the second one. That’s the first picture I’ve ever seen of him that I thought was actually attractive.
They both look stupid. Are his 15 min over yet?
@Susan — “Are his 15 min over yet?” LOL. He’s the biggest male pop star in the world so … nope, not yet.
Uggghhhhh. I’m so sick of him. And it just occurred to me that this is probably how people felt about NSYNC when I was an obsessed preteen.
Like the hair.
hes turning into such a pretty girl. make up and all.
he kind of reminds me of the black american girl on this season on ANTM – is a girl but looks like a guy. justin just has it reversed.
the one on the right looks less “ditzy”..
I definitely like the second one better myself. I kind of think, though, that the first one works better for his target audience.
LOL. I can’t stand the boy but even I have to admit he is very very pretty.
Awwwww I adore AzMarie from ANTM!
Definitely the second.
thats her name! i totally blanked on it lol
Trent, I love you but it is “couldn’t care less.” If you could care less then you would.
<|endofexample|>
Christina
Soho, DVDs, soft porn… It was bound to happen eventually and after seven years we finally completed our first adult DVD, starring Jewel Shepard as Christina, the ‘Playgirl of the Western World’, who is constantly looking for new experiences and adventure. All in a very tastefully produced DVD.
Tags: DVD Authoring, Mediumrare Entertainment
<|endofexample|>
The emergence and evolution of hypoxia in the Pacific northwest over the past 10 years has spurred researchers from multiple organizations to increase their monitoring efforts in order to better understand how changes in water chemistry can affect marine ecosystems, fisheries, and the men and women who make a living from these resources.
Dr. Hal Weeks deploying an Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife robotic submersible (remotely operated vehicle: ROV) to survey the effects of low oxygen zones along the Oregon coast.
Photographer: Jane Lubchenco
Scientists at OSU and their partners work together to study and monitor the conditions off the coast throughout the year. This work involves extensive shipboard sampling, testing the water for oxygen levels and other changes in the ecosystem. ODFW uses a Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV) that allows scientists to view the bottom of the sea, which is critical for assessing biological impacts.
Off the Oregon coast, researchers are currently tracking the position and duration of the low-oxygen water, developing models to help understand and predict its occurrence, testing new instruments designed to provide near-real time measurements of ocean conditions, and evaluating the likely long-term impacts of the hypoxia.
Research on hypoxic zones in the Pacific Northwest requires collaboration between many partners, including the PISCO team, the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife (ODFW), the College of Oceanic and Atmospheric Sciences (COAS) at OSU, Oregon Sea Grant, the Oregon Coastal Ocean Observing System (OrCOOS), the Northwest Association of Networked Ocean Observing Systems (NANOOS) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
The study of hypoxia requires understanding the changes in ocean conditions and the ecological impacts of these changes. Here are some examples how researchers are studying ocean condition changes:
<|endofexample|>
Maxiell had the 2nd most FG's on the team and he only played 17 minutes. It is time to play him until he gets in foul trouble every night. Let's get some use out of a young guy before his contract is up. Murray was really chuckin the ball early. Did Delfino even take a shot? No matter how everyone does, I like these games where we just throw bodies at em. It keeps the energy level up and has got to be good for the confidence of the bench.
<|endofexample|>
A rumor that I read a few minutes ago said this: I thought that we could have a 15 player roster, wiht 12 active and 3 inactive players. Knight - Bynum Stuckey - English Prince - Maggette - Singler Maxiell - Jerebko - Daye - Villanueva Monroe - Kravtsov - Drummond That's 14.. Ben Wallace has a spot there. What am I missing? Why they said that CV or Daye could be traded to make room? Anyway, If Big Ben returns, that's great news for us.
<|endofexample|>
Long.
The Pitch: Is this winter tour you're on in conjunction with Everyday Sunshine?
Norwood Fisher: Everything we're doing is in conjunction with that documentary, thankfully. We did some dates with Slightly Stoopid, and routing towards South By Southwest, that fortunately led us to cross paths with Kansas City. I'm happy to be going there.
How did the documentary come about?
We weren't looking for them; they came looking for us. There was some trepidation on our end, because we've had a few people actually let inside [our inner circle] to film, and nothing came of it. They actually hit us up with copies of a documentary they'd done, called Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea. Angelo and I were familiar with it. We'd done a movie called Phoenix Point, which was shot on the Salton Sea, so I knew how bad it smelled, and that somebody needed to do a documentary on that thang. Really, what took it over the top, was that John Waters was the narrator, and we're big John Waters fans.
Were any trepidations you had due to the fact that most documentaries come at the end of a band's career?
Maybe that wasn't so much of it, but I had this perfect picture in my head of doing it in my 60s. That doesn't mean it would be at the end of my career -- just, at that point, the story could be told. But I'm glad that we did it, really. That was initially my thing like, "I don't know, we're still writing the story."
You're no stranger to being on film, having been in quite a few movies. Was Tapeheads the first movie you were in?
As a band, yes. We'd done extra work, as well. Right out of high school, we started doing extra work. I was in things that I can't even remember exactly what they were called. John Cusack, Tim Robbins and the director, Bill Fishman -- we were all kinda related, as friends. I was a big fan of those guys, as actors.
How did you get hooked up with Idlewild?
Would you believe that Bryan Barber (the director), Big Boi and Andre 3000 -- all three of them -- are heavily influenced by Fishbone? [Laughs.] So they just reached out and gave us so much love, and we were party to them as they entered into a whole other phase of entertainment.
In addition to the documentary, you guys are working on a new album. Any idea of a release date or title at this point?
It's an EP -- six or seven songs. We know that it'll be toward the summer when it comes out, maybe even as a companion piece to the documentary. We don't quite have a title yet. Right now, it's kinda leaning toward the punk-rock zone.
311, Outkast, etc. all cite Fishbone as an influence. Does being influential work, or would you rather trade that for more financial success?
I'm gonna put it like this: I have a good time being me. I'm a happy person. I smile more than I grimace. Whatever might have been, whatever might seem like it didn't occur, I'm cool right where I'm at. I still have dreams and aspirations, and in my heart, I believe that I can achieve anything that I want.
I look at my life like I made choices, and I'm very much so choosing right where I'm at right now. With just the flick of a switch, my life could be very different. I've got very many friends that have enjoyed a lot of financial success.
Yep, it'd be nice if I could buy my mom that home, but I think I'm still on course to achieve that. It just didn't happen in the time frame that it happened for other people. My life is interesting, nonetheless. But I'd be lying if I didn't wish that I had a pocketful of money and could spend it like it didn't mean anything. [Laughs.]
<|endofexample|>
Heughers - Homepage
Latest Result
Wednesday 17th April 2013
Lost
Pyman Cup
Next Fixture
Awaiting fixture
Training Times
- Tuesdays @ 18:45 Meet at club
- Thursdays @ 18:45 Meet at club
Contacts
- mick hanley Coach
- Brian Armstrong Backs Coach
- Jonny Cushlow Team Admin
- GRAHAM PUCKRIN Team Admin
- Anthony Cooper Team Admin
- mick hanley Team Admin
- Brian Armstrong Team Admin
Apply to become a Team Admin ».
Activity Feed
- 5 days ago
- 30 days agoDespite the usual availability issues for this competition both teams put on a great display showing healthy rivalry, enthusiasm and commitment associated with the history of this derby game, well done to all players.
- A typical cup game, not that pretty but hard fought by both sides and going right up to the final whistle.
- With the Candy league complete and this was a good opportunity for Rovers to settle in preparation for what will be a tough Pyman cup game at Seaton next week.
- Credit to the young kids from Rovers who yet again stepped up to the mark making sure Horden didn’t get it all their own way. With 1 prop, no hooker, no number 8 and no scrum half it was never going to be easy! Horden did however thoroughly deserve the
<|endofexample|>
Why invest in your website over media?
March 28, 2012
Strategy integration is the key to success in the digital arena. Far too many businesses focus on tipping more users into the top of the sales funnel, instead of focusing on improving the conversion points within the website itself. GoSwitch.com.au - a free electricity comparison website - is a terrific example of a client that understands the value of continually testing and trying new layouts and designs.
The current homepage is the 6th iteration in the last 3 months, tested continuously. In this version, we have distilled the features that drive the highest conversion rate (measured by forms submitted and phone calls driven). From the start of testing to the final product we have seen conversion rates increase 50%. So, lets look under the hood at what we actually did…
Simplification
Reducing clutter has been key to improving the user experience on GoSwitch. Whilst many marketing managers will argue that you need to wedge every possible bit of content onto the site, the truth of the matter is that less is more. The current homepage has only three primary navigation buttons and two call-to-actions. A video tells the user everything they need to know about the service and saves lots of space on the page for imagery and white space.
Tracking phone calls
Dynamic phone tracking allows us to see how many people called the phone number and the source of those calls. Visit the site from different sources (Google, Yahoo, paid ads etc.) and you will notice that the phone number changes, allowing us to accurately track calls. We know how long the call was, where it came from and the terms that users typed into Google before they visited the site and dialled the number. This kind of insight closes the loop on digital strategy.
Ongoing testing & optimisation
The current homepage is not, however, the finished product. In fact, it will never be “finished.” As we speak, our designers are looking at new ways to improve the user experience and increase the conversion rate another 10%.
When you consider that the ongoing cost of advertising delivers leads at a cost of more than 10%, it makes sense to spend a couple of thousand dollars on design changes and continually refine them.
Test, test, test – the Pixel Light way.
Josh Strawczynski, Account Director
josh@pixellight.com.au
Add new comment
<|endofexample|>
Retouching images requires an eye for detail and multiple skills for creative solutions. Removing image defects, color corrections and adjustments to lighting and shadows, are common steps I apply to images. More involved retouching situations may include replacing portions of an image to accommodate a design layout.
The gallery at the right shows typical before and after retouching examples. Watch the slide show, or click on either side of the main image to see the previous or next image. Position your cursor over the image to view image and client info. You can also select from the categories (below) to view illustration, design and 3D examples.
<|endofexample|>
This picture has been removed by the author. Sorry about that.
Please look for similar picture bellow
Butcher block surface
ID: 38068529
Butcher block surface isolated on white background
Download Butcher block surface #38068529 royalty free stock picture in 3 minutes without registering! Photographer Vladfoto also has pictures of wood, butcher, table, cutting.
Technical information
This Royalty free stock photo of a Butcher block surface #38068529 was taken by photographer Vladfoto. The original size of this picture was 3888 × 2592 px, 10.1 Mpix and the original resolution was 300 dpi. Image was reviewed by Pixmac.com and obtained the rating .
426 Pixmac users have previewed this picture in our Pixmac stock photo collection. Photographer Vladfoto also offers royalty free stock pictures, illustrations, and clip art graphics of: wood, butcher, table, cutting, board, chopping, carving, plank,!)
<|endofexample|>
0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
Kirkland Signature Organic Extra Virgin Olive Oil from Costco.
Good of you to say "on"..."in" dough is wasting money imo.Il Grezzo is an awesome evoo at a very fair price...
Frantonia, I just do not find it very often, it is worth the money! -Marc
<|endofexample|>
Win free pizza in many different ways.
1. Create a pizza list
Submit it via our contact form or on our facebook page and if we post your list to PizzaSpotz, you’ll have an opportunity to win a free pizza.
2. Write Original Content for PizzaSpotz.
Here’s one more opportunity to win a free large pizza from your favorite pizzeria. The content each month shared most via facebook and Twitter gains its author at least one free pizza, maybe more.
3. Participate in Contests for Our Newsletter Subscribers.
At various times, our partners will provide free pizza for our PizzaSpotz contests. These may be from an independent pizzeria or a chain. We have some unique contests coming up soon, so please bookmark our site or sign up for our mailing list.
<|endofexample|>
Curt Weldon: The Congressman Who Came In from the Cold
Was Pennsylvania's former congressman spying — knowingly or unknowingly — for the Kremlin?
A Russian Documents the Truth About Russia
Politician and activist Boris Nemtsov has produced an eye-opening study that outlines the failure and looming disaster of Putin's Russia. Not many people inside his country will get to read it, though.
Russia’s 2014 Olympics a Disaster in the Making
Putin admits that the city of Sochi has "no proper sewage system, electricity supply, or infrastructure." And Chechnya is right next door.
Ethnic Cleansing in Russia
Great Russian Chauvinism is back, as Moscow tries to expel all "illegal" immigrants of "Caucasian nationality."
Russia vs. Blogging
Arresting bloggers can be added to the long list of the Kremlin's encroachments on human rights, writes Kim Zigfeld. So much for free speech in Russia.
The New Cold War With Russia
Kim Zigfeld is glad the tide is turning on the Western perception of Putinism. Two new books focus on the menacing signs coming from the Kremlin.
Is Mikhail Kasyanov the Latest Putin Victim?
Vladimir Putin has now not only disqualified his former prime minister Mikhail Kasyanov from running for president, he's threatened him with prison. It's just the latest in a long series of dictatorial intimidation in the New Russia, argues Kim Zigfeld.
Put.
TIME ¬Æ Is Not on Our Side
Why would a senior editor of Time write an article so favorable to Russia that it could have come directly from the Kremlin? Kim Zigfeld wonders about the magazine's agenda.
Putin Wins, Russia Loses
Vladimir Putin's landslide victory in Russia's weekend elections is worrisome whether or not the accusations of fraud and "dirty tricks" prove true, writes Kim Zigfeld. If they were legit, "it means the population of Russia is willingly embracing what can only be called a neo-Soviet dictatorship. If they were fraudulent, "it means we already see before us a fully realized totalitarian state. Either way, it's a dark new age for Russia.".
How Vladimir Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Islamic Bombski
In forging ahead with his state visit to Iran right now, Russia's Vladimir Putin has alienated virtually the entire world. He could provoke a renewed Cold War-style conflict which Russia --either in terms of allies or the economy-- is ill-equipped for. Kim Zigfeld explains why.
Anna Politkovskaya’s Deadly Foresight
Crusading Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya was dismissed by some as a paranoid crackpot when she sounded the clarion call of warning as Vladimir Putin rose to power. Now, the dire warnings of the woman mysteriously murdered a year ago today are conventional wisdom, writes Kim Zigfeld.
Chechnya Truth Not Fit to Print in the NYT
If you're depending on the New York Times to keep up with events in Chechnya, you are being misled, warns Kim Zigfeld, who is deeply dissatisfied with the Gray Lady's coverage of things Russian.
<|endofexample|>
Reviews
The province of San Jose is located in the central part of Costa Rica and covers an area of about 5,000 square kilometres.
The region comprises a lush green valley surrounded by coffee-covered mountains. The climate here is pleasant and temperate and the temperature hovers at a more or less steady 21° C.
San Jose has a population of about 1,346,000 people and is one of the most densely populated provinces of Costa Rica. The populace is mixture of various ethnic groups, the predominant ones being the Spanish and those of mixed Mestizo heritage. Other ethnic groups include the descendants of the Italians, Germans, English, Dutch, French, Portuguese, Polish and Chinese.
The culture is a veritable smorgasbord of the different traditions of these ethnic groups and is very vibrant and unique.
Your contribution can be useful for other tourists
Explore map
Related Contents
More Travel Guides in Costa Rica:
Heredia (About 4.4 mi) - San Antonio de Belén (About 6.4 mi) - Cartago (About 22.1 mi) - Liberia (About 27.1 mi) - Alajuela (About 27.1 mi) - Limón (About 27.1 mi)
More information Costa Rica:
All cities in Costa Rica - Costa Rica Map - Costa Rica Photos
<|endofexample|>
Bonnie West on 5/13
(Screen Shot)
By Nick Forystek on 5/7
By Murage James on 5/7
By Roel Carrascal(^_^) on 5/7
By Dave Carter on 5/7
By nabeel hosny on 5/2
By vbaddicts on 5/2
By Jake Rodriguez Pomperada on 5/2
Add this ticker to my site
By using this site you agree to its Terms and Conditions.<!/p>
<!p>Planet Source Code™ and the phrase "Dream It. Code It"™ are trademarks of Exhedra Solutions, Inc.<!/p>
<|endofexample|>
Nico Hulkenberg has denied rumours that his move to Sauber is in order to align with Ferrari and a possible drive in 2014.
On Wednesday it was confirmed that the German would be leaving Force India at the end of this season and swapping over to Sauber.
The decision raised some eyebrows as it is seen more as a lateral move than a forward one.
This sparked some suggestions that it was being made because of Sauber's relationship with Ferrari. The Italian stable supplies Sauber with their engines.
Hulkenberg has denied this saying "no" when asked if his new deal contained links to Ferrari.
He did, however, reveal that "there were talks and there was some contact" with the Italian outfit.
As for his move to Sauber, the German, who previously raced for Williams, insists it "was not an easy decision.
"I think Sauber made a good development the last couple of years, especially this year.
"They have been very strong this year for podiums, missed the win by a very narrow margin only, so that is why.
"Otherwise I would not have made the decision if I thought it wasn't the right one.
"Obviously Sauber has a good car this year and hopefully it has a good car next year where we can fight for good positions."
Related Links
Di Resta: Nico's move not a step up
<|endofexample|>
Vitaly Petrov hopes to sort out his future after the summer break, but insists he is "not nervous" about his 2013 seat at Caterham.
The Russian joined the Norfolk-based squad in February after being released by Renault and, although unspectacular, he has done a solid job alongside Heikki Kovalainen.
While many teams are starting to confirm their line-ups for the 2013 campaign, Caterham have kept quiet about their future plans and it is likely to stay that way for the next few weeks.
When asked by f1news.ru about his future Petrov, he replied: "I think after August [I will know more]. At the moment it is just speculation [about drivers moving]. Felipe Massa being fired [by Ferrari] and this confusion is likely to continue until the end of the season.
"The main thing is that the team is happy with me, they've said it in the press and to me personally. If there were talk about me leaving Caterham, or about me being kicked, I would probably nervous. But because I have good results, and we work well within a team, I see no reason for that."
As for the team's goals for the second half of the season, Petrov admits it's difficult to judge at what level Caterharm are at the moment.
"I don't think we have one set of specific targets. It's a really difficult question to answer as I don't know what to expect," he said.
"When I was at Renault we already knew at this stage of the season that the car was losing speed at the team, which meant that getting into the top 10 would have been difficult, but possible. But here the gap between us and Toro Rosso are too big and so far we have not yet reached the level that I can give accurate predictions. It is still difficult to say what results we expect in the next races."
Any reproduction, publication or redistribution of this material without the written agreement of 365 Media Group is strictly forbidden.
<|endofexample|>
While tourists often crave authentic, local experiences from the cities they visit, information about where to go and what to do is often limited to the tried and true destinations. Fast Company writer, Ariel Schwartz laments, "Whenever I happen to be walking near San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf area--ground zero for tourists--I want to yell at passersby: 'Get out of here! There are so many more vibrant parts of the city that you could be visiting.'"
Airbnb, the website that allows travelers to book spaces on a peer-to-peer platform, has created a unique Neighborhoods feature that highlights the nooks and crannies of popular cities, providing a new way to experience places like San Francisco. Airbnb solicited the input from "neighborhood experts", local street photographers and hired their own cartographer to create comprehensive guides to 300 neighborhoods in 7 cities: New York, Paris, London, San Francisco, Berlin, Washington DC, and Rio de Janeiro.
"Airbnb has some serious economic power," writes Schwartz, .'"
Neighborhoods businesses that are used to serving locals might see a boost from tourism in the near future.
Thanks to Jessica Brent
<|endofexample|>
New Articles on the PBA Blog
New articles are constantly being added to the PBA Newsletter/Blog. Check it out at!
You can receive automatic newsletter updates, via email or RSS (really simple syndication). No, you won't be bombarded. The system we use only sends one message per day and only when something new is posted. The subscription options are found at the top right of the page.
President's Corner
-
<|endofexample|>
Best practices for testing steam traps
When it comes to testing steam traps, deciding which method to use can be confusing. This article offers an introduction to the primary testing technologies--visual, temperature-based, and ultrasonic--and best practices on how and when to use them.
Kelly Paffel, Swagelok Company
When it comes to testing steam traps, a frequently asked question is, “What is the best method?” The true answer is to use all of the technologies available today. No single test method provides the best results all of the time for the variety of steam traps in the marketplace.
Therefore, all tools available in the marketplace should be implemented and used where appropriate.
So, what are these tools? They can be segmented into three categories:
- Visual
- Temperature
- Ultrasound
Becoming proficient with these tools is like riding a bicycle – the more you ride the bicycle,
the better you become. Practice and gaining the knowledge of the methods is the key to successfully using the different devices.
1. Visual Methods
The use of a testing-tee valve arrangement, testing-valve combination, or an inline sight glass for reviewing the steam trap discharging to the atmosphere is a very effective way of testing steam traps. This visual method can accurately determine the following conditions:
- Blow-through steam or a failed open condition
- Severe steam leakage
- Under sizing
There are some negatives to any testing method and the visual method is no exception. The inspector must understand the concept of flash steam and become aware of the difference between flash steam and blow-through steam. Also, there are safety concerns due to the release of hot steam to atmosphere during the testing phase. Finally, there is a small additional cost associated with installing the components that permit online testing.
2. Temperature Testing Equipment
Temperature measurement equipment must be an integral part of a steam system testing program. It is by no means the only piece of equipment that should be utilized, but can help provide information that would otherwise not be available. Understanding the limitation and capabilities of your temperature measurement equipment will only enhance its usefulness. The pressure/temperature relationship of steam makes temperature measurement extremely helpful in establishing existing steam system pressures.
Infrared testing devices will detect the temperature of the steam line ahead of the trap and at the discharge of the steam trap, but it is only estimating the existing steam pressure. The testing person must be knowledgeable of steam pressures before and condensate line pressures after the steam trap to understand the steam trap performance. The inlet temperature provides insight into the saturated steam pressure at the inlet of the steam trap. The outlet temperature of the steam trap will correspond to the condensate return line pressure or back pressure existing in the condensate line.
At best, results using temperature indication is accurate only about 44% of the time. Low steam pressure systems are practically impossible to test using temperature methods. The primary role of infrared devices is to provide a surface temperature during the testing procedure and therefore a pressure reading at any point in the system.
Types of Temperature Measurement Devices
Basically, there are two types of temperature measuring devices on the market today:
- Non-contact
Contact Temperature Devices
Contact temperature measuring devices require time for the temperature at the point of contact to reach the same temperature as the object being tested. Depending on the surface conditions, this may not be an acceptable method of temperature measurement.
When measuring surface temperature of solid materials, the area where the readings will be taken may need some surface preparation. For instance, large build-up of residue on a surface will cause the reading to be lower than the actual surface temperature. One other factor that may affect the accuracy of the reading will be the integrity of the contact point on the device.
Non-Contact Temperature Devices
Non-contact temperature devices measure the surface temperature of a given piece of an object utilizing radiated infrared energy. Infrared devices provide an instantaneous temperature measurement, typically without any surface preparation. However, for highly reflective surfaces, the surface should be prepared such that the infrared energy can be absorbed and detected by the instrument.
Infrared energy is sensed by optics/lenses that are sensitive to the non-visible portion of the light wave band. These types of devices provide varying degrees of accuracy depending on the following criteria:
- Quality of optics
- Spot or target diameter
- Range
- Emissivity compensation for varying surface emissivity
- Ambient temperature
The best results are obtained when a few basic concepts about infrared heat radiation are understood. All objects radiate infrared energy to some degree. This energy radiates in all directions, much like light from a light bulb. The infrared thermometer has a lens that collects the radiated energy and focuses it on an infrared detector. The detector responds by producing a voltage signal, which is proportional to the amount of energy received. This voltage signal is correlated to a given temperature, which is displayed on a meter or LED display.
It is important to realize that not all infrared temperature measurement equipment is created equal. The main variable that affects how well a unit will work for a given application is its ability to adjust for different emissivity.
What Is Emissivity?
Some objects reflect infrared energy as well as radiate it. Shiny or highly polished surfaces will reflect more infrared energy than dull surfaces. A factor called emissivity is the ratio of radiated energy of an object compared to radiation of a black body. The higher the emissivity numbers, the smaller the portion of heat energy reflected and the more accurate the reading. Infrared sensors are accurate for emitted energy. Reflected energy requires adjustment.
Infrared rays follow the same laws as visible light. Some of the light will be absorbed on a given surface and part of it will be reflected. Black is the optimum color that absorbs light, so we can assume that there will be no reflected infrared energy. The use of the term emissivity is an attempt to give some idea as to what portion of the infrared is reflected and how much is radiated. Emissivity will be noted as a number between 0.0 and 1.0.
Most surfaces encountered in the steam world will have an emissivity between 0.8 and 1.0. This range of emissivity has little reflected energy – no more than a one-degree difference in readings. When selecting infrared scanning equipment, it is necessary to decide the degree of accuracy needed and then select equipment accordingly.
Checking for Unknown Emissivity
Some infrared temperature measurement devices have features that enable you to adjust emissivity. Charts that accompany such units guide the user with selection for a given surface. Equipment without this feature can be used for measurement of objects with varying emissivity, by using a simple method of manual control.
3. Ultrasonic Testing Equipment
Ultrasonic testing equipment provides the most versatile and accurate steam system diagnostics available today. The ultrasonic unit allows the operator to hear sounds undetectable to the human ear. This type of equipment receives a high frequency signal (typically between 20 – 100 KHz) and heterodynes the signal, providing an audible sound for the operator to hear with the aid of headphones. Typical applications for performance testing include the following components:
- Steam traps
- Steam leaks
- Heat exchangers
- Steam valves
Ultrasonic steam trap testing is the final test method to be used in the steam trap testing program for detecting faulty steam traps. The operator utilizes the stethoscope module to contact the discharge side of the steam trap, and has the ability to sense and detect even subtle changes in operational characteristics or malfunctions.
The sensitivity of most high frequency monitoring equipment allows the testing person to hear not only completely failed steam traps (blowing steam), but even leaking steam from a steam trap in operation. This test method provides the earliest signal of steam trap wear and is used as a predictive tool for steam trap monitoring.
Ultrasonic testing permits the testing person to hear the internal operation of the steam trap, so the effectiveness of the steam trap operation can be determined.
Standard Operating Procedure for Testing Steam Traps
1. Visual
The steam trap must be visually inspected for the following conditions:
Proper installation
- Proper flow
- Level
- Trapset components in place
Type of steam trap
- On/off or continuous flow
Collect necessary information for input into the trap database
- Model
- Size
- Trap ID number
- Manufacturer
- Type
- Location
2. Temperature
Temperature measurements must be taken upstream and downstream to determine the inlet steam pressure and the condensate line back pressure. Temperature differential across the steam trap is calculated once the inlet and outlet pressures are determined. There is no single correct temperature differential across a steam trap that verifies a properly operating steam trap or a steam trap that has failed.
Inlet temperature - steam/condensate line to the inlet steam trap
- The temperature to the inlet of the steam consumer (equipment) should be measured and compared to the inlet of the steam trap. These temperatures should be close in temperature measurement (± 20° F)
Outlet temperature - condensate line downstream of the steam trap
- Determine the back pressure that is present in the condensate line.
3. Ultrasound Testing
Sensitivity settings for ultrasound (scale = 0 – 100%):
- 0 – 20 psi = 92% or higher
- 20 – 150 psi = 80% to 85%
- 150 – 300 psi = 74% to 78%
- 300 – 600 psi = 60% to 65%
- 600 psi or higher = comparison method
Selecting Testing Procedure
Testing steam traps is simplified when the manufacturer classifies the steam traps as follows:
- On/off operation
- Continuous flow
Comparison Method
When testing a steam trap and the testing person is not sure of the steam trap performance, then a comparison method should be used. The comparison method is accomplished by taking three individual ultrasonic readings:
- Upstream
- Discharge side of the steam trap orifice
- Downstream
See the figure below for a recommendation on the spots to choose.
Testing
Place the stethoscope at the discharge side of the orifice in the steam trap. The highest level ultrasound is generated at this point. Pull the ultrasound trigger and then take the measurements.
Conclusion
Testing steam traps can be very easy if the plant provides the correct equipment, training, and commitment to a steam system management program.
<|endofexample|>
Related to this story
Topics Construction, Materials, Pipe/Profile/Tubing, Suppliers
PLANO, TEXAS (Nov. 30, 2:35 p.m. ET) — Performance Pipe recently boosted its capacity by 30 percent through a three-year, $30 million modernization plan at its nine U.S. facilities and is planning to do more this year.
“Our primary focus is on high density PE pressure pipe,” said Lawyer Jolley, general manager at Performance Pipe, in a telephone interview.
“We’re going to continue to build on what we have,” he said, noting that the firm is looking at new technologies and ways to build efficiencies through automation.
Plano, Texas-based Performance Pipe supplies products to the gas distribution, industrial, water and energy markets. It is ranked seventh in the latest Plastics News North American pipe, profile and tubing extruder rankings with an estimated $460 million in related sales.
Jolley said he has seen all the company’s markets grow, especially the gas shale energy area.
He said Performance Pipe invested in process controls, automation and extrusion technology, including improvements in process control feedback loops, new dyes and the latest extrusion equipment.
The firm also added state-of-the-art high-speed monitoring. It uses ultrasonic waves to measure pipe wall thickness and diameter and can react instantly if either doesn’t meet specifications.
“Some of the facilities were expanded as regard to footprint. We had property that was already part of the sites and we did it to increase line length and to make more efficiency available,” he said.
Jolley did not elaborate on the equipment or site changes, noting only that they are competitive advantages. But he did say the firm had anywhere from 50-70 contractors on its sites making changes throughout the project.
He said one objective was to improve employee safety and the company did that by adding automation and reducing manual labor. This improved efficiencies and it also ended up adding 35-40 permanent jobs.
The company said the changes boosted capacity by 30 percent, the equivalent of adding several new facilities.
“As a business we’re not about to shut down and start remaking ourselves, but we were able to perform the changes while producing pipe and we did not have to inconvenience our customers,” he said.
Performance Pipe operates facilities in Reno, Nev.; Brownwood, Texas; Pryor, Okla.; Bloomfield and Fairfield, Iowa; Knox- ville, Tenn.; Williamstown, Ky.; Startex, S.C.; and Hagerstown, Md. It is a division of Chevron Phillips Chemical Co. LP.
Jolley said the company will continue to invest in capital improvements in the coming year, but he was not ready to disclose any new initiatives.
<|endofexample|>
5 very smartfergie1988 | 26/10/2011 | See all fergie1988's reviews (1)Since i got my Iphone have went thru a number of slim cases (most wearing or breaking after first few weeks). Have had this case for a few months now and its still as gd as new really happy with purchase and would def buy again.
<|endofexample|>
PHOTO CALL: Telly Leung, Lea Salonga, George Takei and Cast Celebrate Allegiance's San Diego Opening Night
By Matthew Blank
September 21, 2012
The Old Globe production of Allegiance — A New American Musical, charting the lives of Japanese Americans who were placed in concentration camps on U.S. soil during World War II, opened Sept. 19 following previews from Sept. 7.."
Takei is best known for portraying Mr. Sulu in the "Star Trek" series. He has appeared in more than 40 feature films, on many television series and on stage.
According to production notes,  Takei and hearing his personal story inspired Allegiance creators Jay Kuo and Lorenzo Thione to bring the story of the Japanese American internment to the stage."
Salonga, who won the Best Actress Tony Award and an Olivier Award for playing Kim in Miss Saigon, plays Kei Kimura, "a young internee who falls in with a group of activists." Salonga's feature film credits include the singing voice of Princess Jasmine in "Aladdin" and Fa Mulan in "Mulan." She was the first Asian to play Eponine in Les Misérables on Broadway, returned to the show in 2007 as Fantine and reprised the role for the sold-out 25th anniversary concert in London.). The music director is Laura Bergquist.."
Kuo (music, lyrics and book) marks his fourth musical with Allegiance. His composing career began at Stanford where he wrote and produced Upwardly Mobile, a coming of age story. Kuo's second musical comedy, Insignificant Others, played from 2006-08 also co-founded and helped grow StartOut, a national non-profit organization dedicated to fostering and developing the next generation of entrepreneurs and business leaders within the LGBT community.
Director Arima, an Olivier Award nominee for directing the London premiere of Ragtime, has the musicals A Separate Peace and Bare on his future schedule.
Tickets can be purchased online at TheOldGlobe.org, by phone at (619) 23-GLOBE or by visiting the Box Office at 1363 Old Globe Way in Balboa Park.
Send questions and comments to the Webmaster
<|endofexample|>
No make a great gift! You may have to resist the temptation to eat it, but the smell is well work it and this playdough recipe is a fun project to do with kids. Chocolate playdough is the ultimate scratch and sniff! You can’t go wrong! Bundle it with gingerbread playdough and pumpkin playdough for a scratch and sniff playdough pack!
Ingredients for this chocolate playdough recipe:
- flour – 1.25 cups
- cocoa powder – 0.5 cups
- salt – 0.5 cups
- cream of tartar – 0.5 tbsp
- cooking oil – 1.5 tbsp
- water – 1 cup
Directions for this chocolate playdough recipe:
- Combine all try scented playdough recipe is a great activity to do with kids and it will last as long as you keep it in an airtight container in the fridge. Remember that as good as this playdough smells, it is NOT edible playdough! It can be very tempting but it’s not a desert!
Absolutely great. My favorite playdough recipe. Chocolate playdough makes for the worlds best scratch and sniff. Love it!
Thx for the recipe!
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it! I like the gingerbread almost as much!
Hey there, I was reading your post and I just wanted to say thank you for putting out such great content. There is so much crap.
the recipe has identical ingredient to the edible recipe, trading chocolate for kool-aid – why can’t you eat it . add some sugar if you must.
We only say that because we are ensure what people will add to this one and sometimes of chocolate, unlike kool-aid, can go off quickly. We’ll adjust the recipe to make that more clear.
Thanks for your feedback!
Fabulous recipe! My 3 year old and I loved making and playing with this yummy smelling playdough! It was really easy to make, and I am planning on making a few batches to give as favors for my 2nd grader’s valentines party, because the last thing they need is more chocolate to eat! Can’t wait to try more of these out.
I actually made this for my older kids (nearly 7 years old and up), and we had a LOT of poop related humor about it because for some reason, ours looks like fresh poop. It was bad enough that we took a picture of it. It certainly smells great, though…
We tried several recipes from this site, but didn’t care for this one. It started drying out, forming a light colored crust almost as soon as it cooled. We’ll try adding a bit of oil and putting it in a bag to see if that helps.
<|endofexample|>
Friends List Revamp Catching Sony’s Attention
The latest PlayStation 3 firmware update, 3.00, brought with it a slew of good and bad tweaks and additions. One of the main aspects of the update was a revamp of the PSN friends list. Now, large gray boxes encompass the names’ of your favorite PSN friends. Many have been vocal about this aesthetically ugly change, and SCEE‘s PS3 Brand Manager, Mark Bowles, admitted that “updates to firmware don’t always suit everyone’s tastes.”
However, don’t fret! The friends list, according to Bowles, is being “looking into based on your comments.” In addition, he added, “We really do appreciate the feedback you guys give us, both positive and negative.”
We here at PlayStation LifeStyle have to agree with the general consensus, as we believe the boxes don’t exactly fit the sleek look of the XMB. Certainly, we hope Sony addresses this nagging issue by making this interface adjustment optional.
<|endofexample|>
Vanquish E3 Impressions
When Vanquish was first announced to be in development, many gamers were unsure just what to expect from developer Platinum Games and new director Shinji Mikami of Resident Evil fame. PlayStation LifeStyle recently got a hands-on with the game at E3, and boy, was it good.
Vanquish is set in the near future with Rusia and the United States fighting over the remaining energy resources. Trying to get the upper hand, the US built a space station to harness the energy of the sun. The space station is captured by the Russians and your task is to take it back at any cost.
As I got into a level and started to take the game for a spin, I could immediately see the Platinum Games stamp all of this, especially after playing Bayonetta. The game has a certain flair to it from the acrobatic melee combat to the jet packed guitar slides to cover. The game has a very unique style to it that I haven’t seen much in Third-Person Shooters.
The game employs a cover system that everyone should becoming very familiar with after playing games like Uncharted 2, but the kick here that makes it new is the ability to slide into cover using the boosters attached to your suit. It is very easy to slide into cover. The feature adds a whole new element to the entire cover system. Should you be caught in this boost and run into enemies you are able to shoot during the slide, meaning that no matter the situation, you will be firing on all cylinders. Not only does the game feature the boost system but also the AR Mode. In this mode the players reflexes will heighten, making it seem as though you have slowed down time. This allows the players to get himself setup for a far more accurate shot. This mode can be activated by the player or activated passively as you get low on health. Be careful though as both the AR Mode and Boost are handled with the same energy bar so once its out you must wait until it recharges to start again.
The game really pushes you to move quickly beyond cover to assault a certain objective, not just sit behind cover the entire game. You will always be on the move here and with that in mind, its great to know that the melee combat in the game is one of the best I have seen in a shooter. You will be able to punch and kick just as you would in an action game such as Bayonetta and each of these attacks will depend on the weapon you are carrying at the time. Speaking on weapons, you don’t actually pick up the weapons and carrying them on your character, instead you carry a device that mimics and transforms into the weapon you have selected. These weapons are upgradable in the game through use so if you only use one weapon through the game, the rest won’t be very affective should you decide to use them sparingly.
Vanquish is all about style, which is something we have come to expect from developer Platinum Games. From the suit you wear to the weapons you use, everything looks very unique. Even the enemies in the game feature the same style with enemy ships approaching you only to transform into ground units mid fight. Not only will you have to worry about this but also the environment in the game which is just as much of an enemy. The level we were shown behind closed doors had you assaulting up a hill on the space station but not only were you fighting enemies, but parts of buildings were also falling down the hill.
We were assured classic Platinum Games tongue-in-cheek humor makes its way into the game as well and while we saw zero cut scenes, we did find one piece of evidence to support this. During our closed door demo, the crew at Sega had the main character Sam light up a cigarette mid battle, puff it a few times and then flick it to the side. We were then told that this was actually a method of decoy that could be used in the game, causing the opposing robots to focus on the cigarette and not the player as you dart out the other side of cover.
Finally we were told that there would not be any Co-op or Online MP in the game; the game will be a strictly single player, story driven experience. This is not an issue as long as the story and characters are well done. Hopefully we will learn more on this part of the game in the future but based on the combat, this is a game that you need to look out for when it releases, hopefully, winter of this year.
<|endofexample|>
Horse Physics
This week Vivas spirals even further into the darkest recesses of his mind to talk about horses in video games. What are they good for? Why are they there? How do they control? And his new idea for procedural horse middleware.
Like many people out there, last week I was attempting to immerse myself within the world of Assassin’s Creed 3, the latest historical murder simulator from our friends at Ubisoft. For the most part, my opinion of the game has been pretty good so far. The historical setting is well realized, the story is intriguing, and the multiplayer feels much improved over Revelations. However, there was one early sequence in the game where I was asked to chase a target while on horseback. In AC3 chase sequences require that you maintain a minimum distance to the target at all times in order to avoid desynchonization (the game’s version of a fail state which causes you to restart the checkpoint). What made this mission more complicated, in part because of my fastidious need to be a completionist, was that during the chase I was asked to blow up 3 powder carts.
As a result I had to time the moments when I fired my musket so that I would have ample time to reload before getting to the next cart. Meanwhile, I also had to keep pace with the target’s horse ahead of me so that I could get to him. Unfortunately the act of spurring my horse to speed it up cancelled my reload animation, while trotting so that my pistol could reload made me lose the target. However, this wasn’t the only problem with the whole sequence. It’s at this point that the game also decided to throw in some ill-timed geometry glitches that made my trusty steed the biggest bastard in the world.
Running along the road at full gallop there were instances where I had finally gotten the balance of reloading and keeping pace only to find my horse tripping over bits of a wagon that were obviously things that it should have galloped past. At one point the horse hit an invisible wall in the terrain and turned 180 degrees and started to run in the opposite direction causing me to lose synchronization. Needless to say the entire mission had me nearly throwing my controller in frustration. Up to this point, AC3 had been fantastic, and in retrospect this event is the only strike I can honestly level against the game (again so far…as I’m only about half way through it).
After finishing this mission (with full synchronization) I decided to do some horse testing via some full speed gallops on and off-road and some jumps. I came to realize that my problem wasn’t with the fundamental control scheme of Assassin’s Creed 3, but rather the horses of Assassin’s Creed 3. That’s when I realized the harsh truth. I hate horses in video games.
The reason for this is simple: they break the reality for me. Now I realize how absurd what I just said is especially for a game with as far out a premise as AC3. However, like it or not, AC3 still relies on real world physics. Objects have masses, moving objects have velocities and accelerations, momentum is conserved, and objects in contact with each other have some kind of frictional force between them. There are times in AC3 where only a few of these things apply to horses at any given moment. Let’s take jumping as an example. For those who aren’t equestrians, horses aren’t capable of jumping from a dead stop. They need some kind of running start in order to clear a hurdle, even a low one. From a physical stand point this makes sense, as the horse needs velocity and acceleration to allow it to clear the obstacle without just falling on top of it. However, in AC3 many is the time were approaching a jumpable barrier at a slow walk was enough to maneuver my horse over an obstacle.
“But Vivas, there were a lot of horses in colonial America! They can’t make a game with no horses!” some of you would say as a retort. However, I would argue that just because horses make the world more realistic they don’t need to be fully controllable all the time. Why is it that horses can’t be modelled more like cars in driving games? What if I just hold the X button to go, and the horse automatically parkours over any obstacles in it’s way? Combine this hands-off approach to horse controls and maybe developers would have more time to make the animations look less janky.
In fact, some studios go to great lengths when including horses in their games. As an example, PC Gamer ran a story in May of this year talking about how Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 would feature fully motion captured horses. They even included in the article a picture (shown above) of an actor on a horseback wielding a toy AK-47. Some people even make a living out of selling motion capture data of horses to the entertainment industry for use in CG effects and video games. Horse Locomotion has sold horse motion capture data to games like Red Dead Redemption, Dante’s Inferno, and even a PS2 game called Lucinda Green’s Equestrian Challenge.
Thinking back on Red Dead Redemption in particular, even that style of horse control was very automatic. In my opinion one of the most innovative things that Red Dead did was to have horses keep pace with each other just by holding the X button. You didn’t need to worry about missing dialog because your horse would automatically guide to whichever NPC was talking. You also didn’t even need to steer as the horse would just maneuver on its own. I’m not saying that horses need to look as realistic as they did in Red Dead Redemption, but it would be nice if they all controlled that way. It would also be nice if horses didn’t just follow you around everywhere and you could tell them to stay put or hitch them to something (or even make them disappear like in Darksiders) to keep them from moving. Another thing that has happened to me on more than one occasion in AC3 and even back in Brotherhood.
So why are horses, apart from historical realism, even present in video games? Well the simple answer is that they are a means of conveyance. Like a car in Saints Row or Grand Theft Auto they get the player from point A to point B. This is especially useful if you can’t or choose not to fast travel from one location to another. They also act as a gold sink in some cases where a player decides to pimp their steed with armor, special saddles, and the like. With this simple purpose in mind you would think that more developers would just iterate on what Red Dead Redemption did and make super realistic horses that basically control like cars in open world games. Yet this course of action maybe cost prohibitive or engine prohibitive. That’s why I think it’s time for some new horse middleware.
If I were to toss out the names Unreal, Source, and id Tech I have no doubt that many of you readers would tell me that the common thread amongst those names is that they are all engines used within some of the biggest and most popular games of the past decade or so of video gaming. But what if I tossed out the names SpeedTree, Beast, or Scaleform? Crickets, right? Yet these pieces of middleware are responsible for procedurally generating trees, dynamic and character lighting, or other “software glue” as Wikipedia phrases it. Yet there’s no middleware suite that includes the animations generated from mocapping a horse along with procedural physics calculations like Euphoria.
That’s why I think it’s time for ‘SpeedHorse’, a suite of procedural tools that would allow developers easy access to horse motion capture data and animations, and realistic physics calculations. Horses could then be generated that would be able to move and animate like real horses and also respond to collisions, hits, and other objects with reactions that are reactionary to the environment around them. This would streamline the whole process and allow them to take more time to determine the hardest part of horse physics in games, the controls. I swear, there’s a market for this, and any one interested in helping me bring this to fruition should let me know immediately. I would love to talk to you!
<|endofexample|>
To apply for any of the positions listed, send an updated resume to:
Practising Law Institute/Human Resources Department at hr1@pli.edu or fax to 212-824-5830
SR. WEB DEVELOPERResponsible for ongoing product development, content production, support of live and on demand web programs and other online products that are developed. Will develop and implement new features and content areas and make appropriate changes and upgrades. Will integrate data with business systems as needed by other departments. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and education plus 3 years directly related to corporate Web Development and production experience required. Knowledge of Web technologies, databases, video editing skills, project management skill and excellent communication skills necessary. Must have demonstrated experience and knowledge of ASP.NET, SQL, C#, HTML/XHTML, JavaScript/jQuery, Video Encoding, Flash and Adobe Production Suite, Microsoft Office Applications. Xcode, Objective C and Web content management systems a plus.
WEB MARKETING ANALYST MANAGERWill create, execute, monitor, analyze, and manage online marketing campaigns via SEM/PPC/AdWords. Research and apply web marketing best practices, methodologies, and technologies into PLI’s SEO and SEM efforts. Monitor, measure, and analyze various PLI’s web properties using Google Analytics and other web analytic tools/resources; ensuring web tracking is implemented correctly and conducts data audits to maintain minimal margin of error against internal data sources. Regularly present as well as report on information regarding SEM, SEO, and web analytic activities to mid and upper management teams. Responsible for educating the organization about web analytics and web marketing in general. Superior knowledge of web analytics, SEO, and online marketing. Working experience with Google Analytics, AdWords, HTML/CSS, social media tools, and blogs. Must be able to abide by strict deadlines and to multitask. Detail-oriented and proactive. Proofreading/editing experience a plus. Strong organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills to work in a team environment as well as independently. Bachelor degree and relevant work experience required, preferably in marketing, statistics, or business. Proficiency in Microsoft Office products, particularly advance Excel.
PROGRAM ASSISTANTWill support the needs of the Program Attorney in preparation of seminars and training programs. Type correspondence and marketing materials, answer phone inquiries, maintain and update computer database information and program files and assist in the submission of course handbook materials to the Publishing division. College degree plus 2-4 years administrative support experience required. Excellent computer skills with knowledge of various software programs necessary. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills required.
MARKETING DATABASE SPECIALIST (2 positions)Will help grow and maintain the PLI’s database of individuals and organizations, and perform various tasks to support sales and marketing operations. Perform data mining, research, and monitoring including database updates from new list building efforts and professional announcements; must effectively find and use appropriate online and print directories, newsletters, and articles as well as relevant public websites. Compilation of lead lists for Sales and Marketing involving heavy and advance use of internal reporting systems, Excel, and Salesforce.com. Maintain sales CRM separately from internal WMS/EDW database; analyze sales, database counts, and market audience in order to identify opportunities in the marketing database. College degree required, preferably in marketing or statistics. Strong data entry skills/high keystroke per minute, intermediate to advanced skills with MS Excel, strong data analysis skills and strong internet research skills necessary. Experience in CRM/relationship marketing platform a plus. Knowledge of legal and/or financial industry and terms, proficiency in MS Office including Outlook and Access, strong verbal and written communication skills a must.
SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER
Will manage existing accounts. Research PLI programs and services in order to sell to clients and renew contracts. Bachelor’s degree plus 3-4 years sales experience required. Excellent interpersonal, communication, organizational and customer service skills necessary. Proficient in Microsoft Office and Internet search engines required.LIBRARY RELATIONS MANAGERWill be responsible for training and outreach existing Discover PLUS clients and work with new clients to ensure they have all the tools and resources necessary to maximize the benefits of their subscription. In addition, the successful candidate will solicit and synthesize customer feedback for the product management/development team and assist with technical writing for Help Menus and Search Guides. Travel required. PLI provides the legal market with more than 400 programs annually, covering a wide variety of complex legal topics. PLI also offers access to its entire publications catalog through its eBook library and research tool, Discover PLUS. PLI publications cover a broad range of legal subject matter — from Tax and Accounting to Intellectual Property, Litigation, Corporate & Securities, Banking, and more — via Course Handbooks, supplemented legal treatises, and Answer Books. PLI published materials are essential secondary resources for any lawyer involved in complex corporate legal matters. College degree with advanced academic credentials required. MLS preferred. Knowledge of online research (preferably legal online research). Excellent communication skills, especially public speaking. Knowledge of the publishing field; experience at a publisher is a plus. Self-motivated and able to work independently as well as collaboratively.
PLI is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any candidate based on age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, creed, national origin, marital status, disability, citizenship or veteran status.
All Contents Copyright © 1996-2013 Practising Law Institute. Continuing Legal Education since 1933.
<|endofexample|>
Plow & Hearth Exclusive
The beauty is in the details: this hand-pieced, intricate Sampler Quilt features traditional American design, with embroidered embellishments for a rich look. Add the warm color palette and floral border, and you have the perfect dreamscape update. Machine wash. Quilt is 100% cotton face and fill; 65% poly/35% cotton backing. Pillow is 100% cotton with poly fill. Imported.
Embroidered sampler quilt
Cotton face with poly/cotton backing
Floral and geometric patterns
Warm tonesSizes
Full/Queen Quilt, 90"W x 90"L
King Quilt, 104"W x 90"L
Square Pillow, 18" sq.
<|endofexample|>
Show Your Spirit With Our Americana Welcome Stoneware CrockPlow & Hearth Exclusive
Featuring the American flag with the 13 original colonies, our USA-Made Americana Welcome Stoneware Crock showcases your prideperfect for porch, hearth and more. Allow 3-4 weeks for delivery. Size9-3/4" dia. x 10"H 2 gal.
<|endofexample|>
Deaconesses
A Deaconess is consecrated for service in the context of the church’s mission to proclaim the Gospel, to relate the Gospel to human need in every situation, and to extend the ministry of the Gospel to all the world.
The Deaconess Community of the ELCA has roots in 19th century Germany and has prepared and supported women who are committed to a life of service to church and society. It is centered in a community of women for spiritual, personal, and ministry growth and support.
The skilled and theologically prepared women of this roster serve in a variety of ministries, including health care, parish work, education, church music, administration, chaplaincy, and social services.
More information is available on the ELCA web site.
<|endofexample|>
Product Description
CT9EC1 Mr. Steam Day Spa Steam Generator, 9kW 240V 1 PH
Mr Steam CT Day Spa steam generators are ideal for light commercial applications such as day spas or resort spas.
Each CT Day Spa steam generator comes with all necessary operating equipment.:
- Stainless steel inside and out for longevity and durability
- Come standard with Mr.Steam’s AromaSteam™ steamhead, AutoFlush; system eTEMPO/Plus; and CT-Steam Stop; controls, Express Steam;, MSTS in room temperature sensor and drain pan to maximize the steambathing experience and minimize the use of energy and water
- All models are UL/cUL
- listed Backed by Mr.Steam’s limited warranty, copy available prior to purchasing
Each system is standard and complete with:
;
eTEMPO/Plus; Control
- Provides control of the steamroom by owner/operator from outside the steamroom.
- Programmable temperature and time settings allow the owner/operator to customize and enhance the steam bathing experience for each bather
- Standard with digital display and ergonomic soft-touch keypad with Chroma, Aroma & programmable memory settings
- Quick-responding temperature sensor maintains temperature within the steamroom
- Solid brass cover for durable finish quality
CT-Steam Stop;
Control Located within the steamroom, allowing steam bathers to adjust the steam environment from inside the steam room to match their preference
AromaSteam Steamhead
- Designed to maintain cooler surface temperatures, with improved steam flow and quieter infusion of aromatic oil into the steam for an enhanced steam room experience
- Solid brass for superior performance and finish
AutoFlush; System
- Automatically and electronically drains generator after use and refills tank with fresh water for “Clean Steam...Every time
- Improves performance and lengthens system life
- Efficiently removes accumulated sediment
- Simple plug-and-play connection
- Full 1 port design
MSTS In-Room Temperature Sensor
This is a “in-shower room temperature sensor used whenever the eTempo or eTempo/Plus controls are installed outside the steam/shower enclosure.
Express Steam
You can be steaming in seconds. This option includes a built-in thermostat to keep water in the generator tank warm enough to bring up steam quickly while still allowing water to be safely drained to code requirements at the end of a steam bath.
<|endofexample|>
Langston Hughes (1 February 1902 – 22 May 1967 / Missouri)
Poems by Langston Hughes : 67 / 93
Problems
2 and 2 are 4.
4 and 4 are 8.
But what would happen
If the last 4 was late?
And how would it be
If one 2 was me?
Or if the first 4 was you
Divided by 2?
Langston Hughes
Submitted: Friday, January 03, 2003
Poems by Langston Hughes : 67 / 93
People who read Langston Hug i the only one that detects a bit on innuendo in this? I really do enjoy this poem.
hi im kenisha what he means is that a person is late and that he is 2 for being late are you half of 4 for being late and being the same as hughes
But I really like it.
I guess he he means I have to solve the problems that he or she has.
riddle or what............? I love it.
Crazy........... I love it
<|endofexample|>
lerato shuping
SHADOWS! !
SHADOWS
I go by each day smile on my face
Only that smile is just a thin layer that covers the scars I have forced myself to embrace
The world is shown through the eyes that others see
But my internal picture is covered in dark debris
My body moves around like a gazelle in its most graceful phase
Only I know I’m only its prey that won’t run from the chase
My spoken words you hear send laughter to your ears
Only I hear them pouring out like bitter tasting tears
I hold you with all I’ve got and in my touch you feel my sincerity
When all alone I refuse my own touch as it denies me of clarity
You swear my heart beats soft, warm redness flowing with purity and kindness
But I feel its burns stagnant and black as it destroys me and denies me happiness
You thought you knew me as you watched me go through my days
But when I am with you the me you know and see is there
But my other in dark shadows it stays
Inside my two worlds collide
My hurt, fears and pain have put all the love I knew and felt aside
I want you to know me understand me
The real me
But I would never lead you to this empty hole
So I go on and live like I know
Let my dark side fight to be free
Till then I let it be…
Lerato Ladyfair Shup
<|endofexample|>
Categories
Follow Harriet on Twitter
About Harriet
- The Poetry Foundation's blog for poetry and related news.
- More about Harriet
- Contributors
- Archive
Blogroll
Poetry News
Lift Up Your Heads! Daniil Kharms at The Last Futurist Lab / Emergency INDEX Launch at The Kitchen
EVENT HORIZON, folks. A couple of must-sees for you New Yorkers (or visitors!):
1. TARGET MARGIN’S 0,2012: The Last Futurist Lab. “Explores the Russian avant-garde, aiming to find the literary hooligan in us all.” Quite noteworthy here is the Karma Kharms (or yarns by Kharms)* — actor/director Eliza Bent puts poet/translator Matvei Yankelevich’s translations of poet Daniil Kharms onstage. The details:.
(Part of PROGRAM A: March 16 at 7:30 p.m., March 17 at 9:30 p.m., March 22 at 7:30 p.m., and March 24 at 7:30 p.m.)
Also neat: the staging of The Gray Notebook, by Alexander Vvedensky; The 2012 puppet re-enactment of the 1920 Bolshevik re-enactment of the STORMING OF THE WINTER PALACE, October 1917; The Bedbug, by Vladimir Mayakovsky (but of course); and much more.
And check their free events:
The Last Futurist Panel
March 19 at 7:30 p.m.
A conversation with Nikolai Firtich (Associate Professor of Russian Studies, Vassar), Matvei Yankelevich (Ugly Duckling Presse/Translator, Today I Wrote Nothing: The Selected Writings of Daniil Kharms) and Regina Khidekel (Executive Director, The Russian American Cultural Center), moderated by Christopher Silsby (PhD Candidate, Theater Studies, CUNY).
Petersburg (B.Y.O.B.) “Bring Your Own Bely”
April 2 at 7:30 p.m.
with Mary Neufeld & surprise guests (it may be you!)
An evening designed to inspire you to read (or reread) Andrei Bely’s masterpiece.
Biomechanics Demo
April 7 at 4 p.m.
with Jenny Tibbels-Jordan, Jon Froehlich & Casey Robinson
All events take place at The Bushwick Starr. For more from Program A, and into the future until Program F, go here. If you haven’t seen a Target Margin production yet, we’d highly highly recommend it.
2. And speaking of Yankelevich! The poet is also the co-editor, with Yelena Gluzman, of UDP’s forthcoming Emergency INDEX, the launch of which is at The Kitchen next Tuesday, March 20, at 7:00 PM (FREE). More:
Emergency INDEX is a new yearly edition documenting performance in the words of its creators. This first volume contains nearly 250 descriptions of performances of dance, poetry, protest, theater, music, therapy, scientific research, advertising, terrorism, and more.
The edition’s publisher, Ugly Duckling Presse, celebrate the launch of the publication and its contributors, hosted by editors Matvei Yankelevich and Yelena Gluzman. The evening features performances by Marilyn Arsem, Joyce Cho & Machiqq, Lindsey Drury, Allie Avital Tsypin and Gabrielle Herbst, and Ariel Goldberg, as well as video screenings, the Homeless Museum of Art, Rebecca Cunningham’s One, and Camila Caneque and her Dress.
More about Emergency INDEX:.
The fine print: pre-launch discount: codeword “beeftongue”
Have fun, ducks. Image above: Design for “The Storming of the Winter Palace.” In 1920, Iuri Annenkov (1889-1974) designed a massive production to commemorate the third anniversary of the Bolshevik coup of 1917. More on that spectacle here.
Tags: Daniil Kharms, Matvei Yankelevich
Posted in Poetry News on Tuesday, March 13th, 2012 by Harriet Staff.
<|endofexample|>
no matter where you go
the people always know
you've roamed this world wide
with no one by your side
they all simply knew
you were only passing through
you look like a lost soul
hair black as coal
no one made a sound
as you rode though their town
an outlaw of sorts
a pirate to the ports
a drunkard in kind
when she's on your mind
you're looking for a way
to make it through the day
no one knows your name
you're not out for fame
you strayed off the track
never to make it back
you didn't set out to roam
it's just a long walk home
<|endofexample|>
Recent Posts
DOE Err Causes Contracting RedoMay 16, 2013
The Ugly End to the Largest Service Contract in U.S HistoryMay 13, 2013
Company Hit By Chinese Hackers Still a Trusted Fed SupplierMay 10, 2013
Watchdog Says Government Trying to Silence Embarrassing Afghanistan ReportsMay 9, 2013
Cell Phone Services Show Broken Buying SystemMay 8, 2013
VA Medical Construction Over Budget, Behind ScheduleMay 7, 2013
If At First You Don’t Succeed, Try Again…and Again…and AgainMay 7, 2013
Afghanistan Incinerators Burn Money, Not TrashApril 26, 2013
Training Day: Improving Skills of the Acquisition WorkforceApril 23,.
<|endofexample|>
I first made this chocolate cheesecake about five months ago when I was in Cornwall on a weekend break from university. I was baking up Pear and Caramel Cakes and Cherry Cheesecake among other things, but this was the biggest hit when I took it back to Oxford. Like the Cherry Cheesecake, I had to transport this frozen back to college - hence the frosty sheen. For some reason - saving it up for last and best perhaps - it has been lurking in the back of my mind waiting to be posted about ever since.
I recently made this again for our Parenting Dinner. At my college - like most Oxford colleges - we have a parenting scheme where two older students get 'married' and look after two 'babies' or freshers come the beginning of their first term. At the end of freshers week we get together and provide a dinner in our flats. This was one of two puddings, along with a Lemon Meringue Pie (the normally nicely behaved meringue had a bit of a tantrum, as did I over it - but the cheesecake came through and behaved in a very elegant manner).
When I was planning this I wanted to have a very creamy feel but to stop it getting too rich or heavy. I found that whipping the cream meant that it ended up quite light, and the lime cuts through any excess richness. I love mascapone in these kind of desserts, so I used that as a base. Do remember that it will have raw egg as it isn't cooked.
I don't know if the gelatine really makes a massive improvement - the first time I made this I didn't add any and it was lovely. Though it is quite squishy. The second time I did add it and it kept its shape better, but I don't know that I really prefer it. I think the egg might keep some of the shape - I'm not sure.
Chocolate Cheesecake
(Serves about 8-10)
For the base:
125g digestive or oat-based biscuits
50g butter
Put the biscuits into a plastic food bag and then crush them with a rolling pin. Melt the butter in a small saucepan then mix in the crushed biscuits, making sure they're evenly coated. Press into a 8"/20cm round loose based tin and put into the fridge.
For the filling:
250g mascapone
100g caster sugar
2 eggs
1 tsp vanilla extract
50g dark chocolate
225ml cream
1 lime
1/2 sheet gelatine (if desired - check instructions on the packet with the amount)
Beat the mascapone, sugar, eggs and vanilla together. Split into two bowls, putting 1/3 of the mixture into one and the remaining 2/3 into the other. Melt the chocolate, let it cool, then fold into the 1/3 bowl. To the 2/3 bowl add the juice of the lime, then whip the cream and fold it in too. Make up the gelatine according to instructions and fold into the 2/3 bowl. Pour the contents of the 2/3 bowl into the tin, then swirl in the chocolate 1/3. My swirling technique isn't all that - I just put blobs around the place and then run a knife through. Pop into the fridge and chill for at least an hour before serving.
looks to amazing to look at
I made it following your recipe exactly, except for the gelatine (which I didnt use) once i was going to add the batter with the chocolate, i waited too long so it wasn't easy to spread over the top... also, i left it in the fridge overnight, and I would have liked it to be a little bit more firm... but all in all,
It came out delicious, i even sold some to my friends!
thanks kindly for sharing!!!! This recipe and website is in my top favourite! warm regards from a turkish/spanish girl =)
<|endofexample|>
Take Part in the $67,500 PokerNews Freeroll Series at PokerStars
March 13 2013, Brett Collson the freeroll for next week by the end of tomorrow. But you better hurry because you don't want to miss out!
This exciting "POKERNEWS.COM" and the bonus code "STARS600" to to be eligible for a 100% match (up to $600) first-deposit bonus. The huge sign-up bonus, coupled with this fantastic promotion, makes signing up to PokerStars a potentially lucrative proposition...
In addition to winning. to.
If you experience any other problems with this or any of our promotions, please contact our Ticketed Promo Support System.
Get all the latest PokerNews updates on your social media outlets. Follow us on Twitter and find us on
<|endofexample|>
Unified Command Center - NACS Vehicles
The police and fire departments of Melbourne, Fla., had been seeking funding for...
The next set of flashing blue lights in the rearview mirror of Chicago residents could be on top of a Chevrolet Tahoe, if new Chicago Police Supt. Jody Weis gets his wish.
Read Full Story
Tags: Chevrolet Tahoe, Chicago PD
Your Name:
Your Email:
Your comment: (Maximum 2000 characters)
<|endofexample|>
When New York Citystatistician Justin Bassett was asked for his Facebook password during a job interview, he withdrew his application and walked out. When Oakville, Ontario, resident Rob MacLeod was asked for his Facebook password, he offered to log onto his profile and leave the room, only to have the interviewer refuse the compromise, subsequently coercing him into relinquishing his password. As the expansion of social media use continues to increase the scope of information that is available about applicants online, employers are now doing much more than the routine background checks and reference calls. Recent statistics show that 95% of employers search for their applicants online during the recruiting process. In the past few years, employers have taken their online search a step further; some employers are now asking applicants for their Facebook passwords.
Few would disagree that asking an applicant for their personal Facebook password would not constitute a violation of the applicant’s privacy. In addition, this request ruins the security that social media users feel they retain through controlling their privacy settings, and serves to blur the limit of what employers can ask about their applicants.
Given that social media is a relatively new phenomena, lawmakers have only now begun drafting relevant legislations. States like Maryland and Illinois have both recently proposed bills that would prevent employers from discriminating against applicants who refuse to grant them access to their social media profiles. A similar bill is allegedly being prepared by Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.).
There are currently no laws in North America that protect job applicants from being discriminated against if they refuse to provide the interviewer access to their social media profiles. Facebook’s Statement of Rights and Responsibilities outlines that users should not share their password or let anyone access their account. This agreement, however, carries no legal weight, and cannot be used to legally protect an applicant if their password was requested from an employer.
Until legislation is created to protect employees from such inquiries, an applicant can always refuse to provide this information. However, in an unsteady and weak job market, it is not likely that an applicant has the option of saying no and potentially compromising their chances of gaining the job through either receiving the distrust or the dislike of the interviewer.
Requesting an applicant’s Facebook password is disconcerting because it blurs the limits of what an employer reserves the right to ask about an applicant. If they can request a password to an applicant’s social media profile; can they ask for access to their cell phone, their travel history or their financial records? Limits have to be placed during the process of recruitment, because aside from the information that’s accumulated during routine background checks and reference calls, and the impression that’s formed of the applicant during a job interview, no further information is necessary to decide how qualified an applicant is for the job.
The exception to this rule is employers in security firms, intelligence services or government organizations, where employers routinely conduct security clearances on their applicants and employees in order to assess their fitness for the jobs.
While we await the development of relevant legislations, issues like these are a catch 22, where we call for our privacy when asked for a password, only to realize the massive amounts of personal information that we have made readily available online. In today’s digital age, our information and data is no longer limited to our hard drives, with information now being consistently submitted into cyberspace, consequently making control and privacy difficult to govern.
<|endofexample|>
:
This is, of course, more of a stunt to draw out negative coverage of Romney than an actual proposal that has any chance of getting accepted. But Romney has given Democrats an opening to go back to flogging this issue and the Obama team is evidently delighted to do so.
Read more about: Jim Messina, Mitt Romney, 2012 Elections, Tax Returns, Matt Rhoades
<|endofexample|>
Jindal: 'We ... don't need to be saying stupid things' key voting blocs such as women and minorities.
Jindal, the new chairman of the Republican Governors Association who has been particularly outspoken in his criticism, said again Sunday that he “absolutely” disagreed with Romney’s comments.
“We as a Republican Party have to campaign for every single vote,” Jindal said on “Fox News Sunday.” “We don’t start winning majorities … by insulting our voters.”
Jindal, considered a top 2016 presidential contender, also noted comments on rape and abortion made by Senate candidates in Indiana and Missouri this election cycle and argued that those remarks helped turn away female voters from the GOP.
“We also don’t need to be saying stupid things,” Jindal said of those remarks.
Read more about: Mitt Romney, Bobby Jindal
<|endofexample|>
POLITICO FAQ
Welcome to POLITICO.com. Below you will find answers to some commonly asked questions.
Commenting
POLITICO uses the Disqus commenting platform. If you have any questions that aren't answered here, please send them to commentsfeedback@politico.com.
- Will my old POLITICO username still work?
- I don't have a POLITICO username, but I still want to comment on a story. What do I need to do?
- Can I post photos?
- I posted a comment, but it still hasn't shown up.
- Does this mean I won't receive breaking news alerts anymore?
- How do I report an abusive comment or a spammer?
- Who can see my comments?
- Can I share my comments on Facebook and Twitter?
- What are the ground rules for posting in the comments?
- Will you be turning off comments on articles?
- Can I comment on videos and photos?
- Can I comment on my mobile device?
- Other users have been harassing me/posting offending content in the comments. What can I do?
- What are "up-votes"?
- How do I know when someone has replied to my comment?
- Can I use HTML in my comment?
- Is there a permalink to my comment?
- I can't log in. What should I do now?
- The system keeps logging me off; how can I stay logged in?
- Can I edit my comment?
- Can I find out who voted on my comment?
- Didn't mean to vote on something?
- Who can down-vote comments?
Will my old POLITICO username still work?
Yes, you can continue using your current log-in and password to post to Disqus..
Can I post photos?
No, images are not supported at this time.
I posted a comment but it still hasn't shown up.
Comments are posted in real time and are not subject to pre-approval. If your comment hasn't appeared, please refresh the page and wait a couple of minutes for the module to reload.
Does this mean I won't receive breaking news alerts anymore?
If you have signed up for them, you will continue to receive any newsletters you've subscribed to. This includes breaking news alerts and tipsheets.
How do I report an abusive comment or a spammer?
Simply "Flag as Inappropriate" and moderators will be alerted.
Who can see my comments?
Your comment is visible to all readers on the page but doesn't get posted anywhere else unless you decide to share it.
Can I share my comments on Facebook and Twitter?
Yes, any comment can be shared to your Twitter or Facebook feed by hovering over, or clicking, the Share menu below any comment to reveal sharing options.
What are the ground rules for posting in the comments?
We welcome the free exchange of ideas among POLITICO.com readers and never censor based on political party or ideology. The quick answer is play by the rules outlined in the Terms of Service. Here's a more detailed explanation:
- Don't do, say or encourage anything illegal.
- No profanity, no obscenity (even with some letters replaced with asterisks or abbreviated) either in your posts, handle or signature. If the moderators can tell what you mean, so can other readers.
- No name-calling, no abusing your fellow readers. You are welcome to attack each other's ideas, but we won't tolerate insults or threats to our readers. If you feel like a comment is out of line, click "report abuse" and we'll review it.
- When a public official dies or is diagnosed with a grave illness, exercise some decorum.
- All inappropriate comments that could constitute a threat to a public official will be reported to law enforcement for appropriate action.
-.
- Spamming (including repeating the same post over and over) is always a no-no. So are commercial solicitations and requests for donations.
- If you copy a portion of another post that contains inappropriate content and use it in your post, both posts are subject to deletion.
- Duplicate posts are subject to deletion.
- Don't use large fonts, a variety of colors or other distracting formatting techniques.
- Don't use foreign words or phrases that are outside common knowledge.
- Don't violate the rights of others (e.g., copyright, trademark or someone else's privacy).
- Don't pretend to be someone else, pretend to be affiliated with someone you aren't or pretend you're not affiliated with someone you are. This includes, but is not limited to, using a handle that closely mirrors that of another forum member.
- Don't post anything that contains a virus.
- There is no statute of limitations on abuse reports.
- Breaking these rules may result in the deletion of offending comments or the de-activation of your account, with or without warning.
Will you be turning off comments on articles?
We reserve the right to turn off comments on articles, blog posts, photos and videos as we see fit.
Can I comment on videos and photos?
Yes, you can now comment on individual videos and photos on our multimedia pages.
Can I comment on my mobile device?
Currently, users are unable to comment via mobile devices, but we plan to roll that out in the near future.
Other users have been harassing me/posting offending content in the comments. What can I do?
If they are posting comments you believe are inappropriate, hit the "Flag as Inappropriate" button. A moderator will review the post and act accordingly.
What are "up votes"?
Up-votes are public acknowledgements of approval for your comment.
How do I know when someone has replied to my comment?
By default you will receive an email notification each time. For more information on how to manage notifications, see Managing Notifications.
Can I use HTML in my comment?
Yes, most basic HTML is allowed.
Is there a permalink to my comment?
Yes, comment permalinks can be obtained by clicking the timestamp of the comment on a page.
I can't login, what should I do now?
You may be having trouble logging in if you're not sure what your password is or even if you have an account. For more information, read Login Help.
If you have a POLITICO account, click the POLITICO button on the Disqus plugin,
or the Sign in/Register link at the top of article pages to log in.
The system keeps logging me off; how can I stay logged in?
Cookies must be enabled to stay logged into Disqus and POLITICO. In some cases, third-party cookies need to be enabled as well. Read our guide on Enabling Cookies for more information.
Can I edit my comment?
Registered Disqus users can edit comments in two places: the dashboard, or by visiting the comment itself and clicking the Edit link under the comment. If you logged in via Facebook or another third-party site, users can edit comments by visiting the comment itself and clicking the Edit link under the comment.
Can I find out who voted on my comment?
There's no list of people who have voted on your comment, but your total number of received up-votes is available in your profile. A tally of the number of up-votes per comment is also available next to the voting buttons on any comment.
Didn't mean to vote on something?
You can undo any vote by clicking the button again.
Who can downvote comments?
Only logged-in users are able to down-vote a comment.
Subscriptions/Registration
What are the different subscription features I can register for?
The following items can all be selected from the registration menu:
- Playbook — Mike Allen's first-out-of-the-gate guide to the day's political landscape, plus dessert.
- Breaking news alerts — Be in the know the minute a big story breaks.
- Congress Daily Digest — Start your day with the top stories from the Congress page of POLITICO.com.
- Daily Digest — Enjoy the stories that will drive the political conversation with your morning coffee.
- Huddle — Wake up to a play-by-play preview of the day's congressional news.
- Influence — This must-read intelligence briefing guarantees you won't get caught flat-footed on K Street.
- Morning Defense — The daily briefing you need from inside Washington's national security apparatus.
- Morning Energy — Don't miss this one-stop source for energy and environment news.
- Morning Money — Ben White and company keep you up to date on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street.
- Morning Score — Your guide to the permanent campaign.
- Morning Tax — An early filing of the day's tax news.
- Morning Tech — Get your daily download of technology news from Washington and the Silicon Valley with this must-read tipsheet.
- Morning Transportation — Stay current on what's driving the conversation on the road, in the air and on the tracks.
- Pulse — The Pulse team shares the latest insider intelligence on health care reform with readers every morning.
- POLITICO Video — Daily video updates and alerts about upcoming programs.
To have the e-edition of the print newspaper delivered to your inbox, go to here and fill out the subscription form.
POLITICO Pro
POLITICO Pro readers will get access to subscriber-only websites packed with policy ahead-of-the-curve?
Log in. In the right-hand column, click on "edit my account." Opinions pieces, send completed items to Bill Nichols at bnichols, 1100 Wilson Blvd., 6th Floor, Arlington, VA 22209-2295..
I'd like to post a job listing in the employment section.
POWER Jobs has all the details you need.
<|endofexample|>
Reince Priebus: No handcuffs on Chris Christie
'They know what they’re buying,' Christie has said. | AP Photo.”Continue Reading
“I don’t think they have any expectation, nor have they requested, that I have a personality-ectomy between now and next Tuesday,” Christie said last week, according to the New York Post. “They know what they’re buying.”
Readers' Comments (12)
"Reince Priebus",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,latin for "common man"...................really?
Yeah, yeah, sure Rinse.
Rancid lies like a rug
I say let Kris KrispyCreme go ahead and do his thing. America needs to see fat, bullying, lying braggarts stand up and do their thing, so they can se exactly where the GOP intends to take them.).
Christie's speech is just a test run his 2016 presidential campaign.
As Kenny Banya said on Seinfeld, "That's gold, Jerry!! Gold!"
Let the fat ba$tard let his mouth run. Nothing bad can come of that, right Mr. Akin?
One stray dog giving signal to two rogue dogs to bark?
Hello. Publius here. How are you? Well, the game starts tonight. I don't know what Mr. Christie will say. I hope he talks some sense instead of all the vitriolic tripe that we've all been hearing for way too long now. I agree with what Chris Mathews was talking about yesterday morning. There has been a lot of race/class/gender/ethnicity baiting going on. I hope Governor Christie doesn't add to it.
Political campaigns are, by necessity, combative. However, they don't need to be combative to the level where no one hears each other anymore. We are approaching that point. I don't think Barack is "looking to Europe for guidance". I don't think Barack was born in America. I do think he has done a credible job leading America through some very difficult times. I have been impressed with Barack Obama.
However, impressions are not going to get America out of this hole we are in. I agree with my girl Sarah that too many Americans are addicted with "hopeium". I am an addict too. America's growth is tied to the world. We will not rise until the world does. I hope Governor Christie uses his time tonight to make the case that Americans must stand together if we are going to improve our nation and the conditions of our people. I hope Governor Christie emphas that although America is down we are a long way from being out. I hope Governor Christie will say that America is still the brightest light, with the finest minds, on the face of this planet and that light and genius will guide this world through our current problems just as it has done for the last 236 years. I hope Governor Christie will remember tonight that he is an American speaking to Americans and that his message is a clear one of priorities and strategies that will strengthen and improve not only the middle class but the upper and lower classes as well. I hope Governor Christie speaks a message tonight that will bring every American together and raise all our boats. That's what I'm looking for from Governor Christie tonight. We'll see. Take care.
Couldn't the GOP find a better chairman than "rinse a *****"??? That's as bad as iamadinerjacket in Iran.
and there's something really slimey about him too ...
but Christie will do a great job ... for Christie this isn't about Romney ... as with everything else for him, it's about CHRISTIE and his own political ambitions. It's why he's not the VP. No way he could play second fiddle to anyone, especially anyone who is not as smart as he is ...
Not that Americans who vote for him give a #### what the world thinks, but this man projects, exactly, how the world pictures us. Self indulgent, undisciplined, overweight, loud mouthed and abrasively egotistical. He'd fit right in on "Jersey Shore", or maybe get his own reality series.
You must be logged in to comment
Not yet a member?Register Now
<|endofexample|>
Opinion Contributor
The pro-growth consensus
Raising taxes would hurt the economy, Kyl writes. | AP Photo.Continue Reading).
Readers' Comments (13)
I'm sick to the back teeth of hearing we can't tax the job creators! That record has been played over and over and over! Nobody is buying it anymore apart from Republicans of course, it's their mantra. Romney's only concern is to make sure those poor desperate millionaires don't pay another red cent or that boat, second or third home may be out of reach!! Yet he'll have no problem with raising taxes on the rest of us. We've heard this story before and people are tired of it. It's time for the middle class to thrive the rich have done and will continue to do well no matter how much more they pay in taxes. Why does Romney have so much invested in offshore accounts? It's not rocket science, we all know why in reality. To avoid paying taxes here and that to me is disgusting. People should be questioning that more as it's a national disgrace!
Romney's plan would have to do away with the mortgage deduction (and other deductions) to make the math work. This would destroy the fragile real estate market and thereby drive us into a Second Great (Republican) Recession..........
>>>> we can't tax the job creators!
'Soak the rich' tax rates does nothing to improve economic growth.
Real tax reform that gets rid of loopholes and false incentives is preferable. You can bring in sufficient revenue to also give the middle class some tax relief.
What I don't understand is why Congress won't do "all of the above"......close loophomes especially those defining what a "small business" is.........stop tax breaks on companies/coporation that are not small business for equipment maintenance........indrease capital gains tax percent to 20% (income is income whether you get it from capital gain dividends or a 40 hr work week job).......let the Bush Tax breaks expire...institute the payroll tax portion, child care credit, dependent credit, mortgage credit, healthcare credit......just for starters.
Why can't we raise some of the taxes that benefit mostly the wealthy and also broaden the tax base and eliminate many or the loopholes that large non tax paying corporations are using to not pay any tax. Also stop throwing around that so called large corporate tax rate figure. Almost no corporation pays that much in taxes. After all the deductions, credits, and other loopholes that figure becomes pretty reasonable. Plus all the other help that corporations receive from the government could be looked at more closely and evaluated for reductions.
Why don't we simply remove the tax deduction for employment expenses for corporations posting the jobs overseas? Let them make their profits but motivate them to hire HERE?
Oh - yeah - that's right - that would be impinging on the freedom of the "job creators" to "create jobs" and keep up this ruse. For 30 years they've been carrying this ridiculous argument while gutting the middle class employment rolls. And anytime a proposal focused on USA jobs comes up, they kill it.
So I agree that posting columns like this one is getting more tiresome by the minute. It's in keeping with the GOP philosophy of trying the same thing over and over, expecting a different result. But it's really tiresome for the rest of us.
Here is what the republicans really want:
Lower tax rates, and eliminate deductions. This is all done with the result supposedly being revenue neutral.
Why go to all the effort to remain revenue neutral?
The answer is that once tax rates go down, the rich will lobby for added write-offs in the future.
That is eactly what has happened since the Reagan tax reform of 86. The got their lower rates, and since then have added back in special deductions that benefit them immensely. The plan is to do the same, but to start with a rate 20% lower than current rates.
Ryan spoke about how great his plan is for the middle class in last night's debate. He said the middle class will save when he eliminates taxes on savings and capital gains. Just think about this- how many dollars will the middle class taxpayer save?
I personally have never paid tax on interest, and only once on capital gains in 40 yrs of filing. My savings are in tax deferred IRA and 401k accounts. The only capital gain I ever had to pay tax on is from sale of a rental property- $6000.
Even with a $50k rainy day savings account, or market fund, earning 5%, ($2500 annually) someone would only pay about $700 in taxes. Most middle class live from day to day with little or no taxable savings.
Romney would save about $2 million annually from his plan to eliminate taxes on savings and capital gains. Who really benefits? The middle class, who save almost nothing? Or the wealthy, who are the ones who have the interest and capital gains income?
For Romney to even attempt to claim that this will help the middle class should raise serious questions from his followers in the middle class. Romney has identified nothing that will actually help the middle class.
Even his 'promise' to add 12 million jobs is phony. Obama has added an average of almost 200k new jobs per month for the last 40 months. Extend that out over the 8 years Romney plans to take, and 200k per month is already almost 10 million. So Romney promises only minimally faster growth than Obama has already shown that he can deliver.
Romney is a joke that only the uneducated take seriously.
Let's do this one thing first. To promote immediate growth: Every foreign student that graduates from an American university or college with a graduate degree in any field of math or science will receive with the graduate's diploma a green card from the United States government granting residence to the graduate and the graduate's immediate family. This can be done with an executive order. WE CAN DO IT NOW.Growth does not come from money or "jobs creators" or lowering taxes or easing zoning. GROWTH IS CREATED BY IDEAS. We have an immediate need for the brains and the skills and the ideas of these graduates. While we try to pull our schools out of the muck and mire they find themselves in we will have created an instant pool of talented and skilled individuals ready and willing to jump start our, and their, new nation. We have trained these graduates. They are here because they want to be. Let them stay. We desperately need them. They have participated in the development and in the furtherance of science and have the skills and the connections to take that knowledge into the market place. There is no good reason to wait.
This current crop of Democrats is all about punishing the successful and redistributing existing wealth.
These are the, "Ask what my country can do for me", americans.
They don't believe in economic growth (creation of new wealth) because this constituency can't visualize that sort of achievement in their own lives, so moving ahead means mugging some other guy.
That's why this generation of Democrats must be thrown on the ash heap of history, or we will soon be subject to mob rule.
If Romney actually wins, watch the streets to see how close to the end we are. If Obama wins, bunker down, they're coming for your modest wealth next.
Sen. Kyle in Politico: "As Harvard economist Dale Jorgenson recently noted, tax reform would actually increase long-term U.S. output “equivalent to a $7 trillion increase in our national wealth.” That idea is correct only in a self contained economy in which the Complexity Economics definition of ‘growth agents’ (small entities such as businesses, farms, medical offices, energy systems, etc.) all complement each other with lateral infusions of capital within a local, regionalized economy. That was the condition in the Eisenhower/Kennedy era BUT has not existed since the late 1980s as the Keynesian/Friedmanist mechanisms became internationalized and began to fail. The international transfer of American dollars, increasingly known as Asian Vulture Capitalism (AVC), has created what Complexity Economics calls a national ‘wealth deficit’ of some $1.4 billion A DAY permanently leaving an unprotected US economy. With such a ‘wealth deficit’ system in place, there is no chance of American growth agents generating the increase of $4 billion a day necessary to overcome the AVC transfers to offshore accounts around the world. The Friedmanist concept of absolute freedom to generate wealth will not work on a world economic system based on AVC and NO American tax structure except increased rates will protect the American people against those extensive transfers.
You would think there would be room for bipartisan tax reform. Lower tax rates and broaden the base by getting rid of tax exemptions and deductions.
But neither side wants that. They want loopholes to give out like lolly pops to the special interest groups that fund their campaigns.
You must be logged in to comment
Not yet a member?Register Now
<|endofexample|>
Rick Perry hits Attorney General Eric."Continue Reading.
Get reporter alerts
- Maggie Haberman
Readers' Comments (31)
Of all the GOP candidates, which do you think will be the strongest defender of our 2ed Amendment rights?????
Perry is a punch-drunk fighter swinging at anything and everything in the desperate hope he might somehow connect. He won't, it's over.
Someone ask the dimwit from West Texas if he's ever heard of Operation Wide Receiver?
Party: Republican
Of all the GOP candidates, which do you think will be the strongest defender of our 2ed Amendment rights?????
Given the ignorance of the clown-car of GO(T)P candidates, Santorum, Paul, Romney and/or Bachmann would be my choice for useless on the 2nd Amendment. And the remainder are too gun-happy!
After showing his sheer ignorance in the debates, is Rick Perry still a serious candidate? He has no credibility and that's reflected in his sinking poll numbers. If the Republicans want any shot at beating President Obama next November, they are going to have to settle on Mitt Romney. The rest of the field is too polluted with either stupidity or moral ineptitude, or both.
Rick Perry has the best record running. balanced six budgets in a row, while cutting government spending 15 billion dollars, actual net cuts in spending, not done since WWII. Perry's cut taxes over 50 times, and reduced Texas debt to the second lowest per capita rate in the nation. In fact Texas was ran so well, that in the height of the recession 2009, it had its credit rating upgraded. Rick Perry is my first choice for President because he has proven that he can lead in the direction this country needs to go.
In comparing Fast And Furious to Wide Reciever is apples to oranges. Wide Reciever was done with the full knowledge and cooperation of the Mexican goverment. 200 gun were allowed to enter Mexico and the Mexican agents lost track of 15 of these guns, at that the Bush administration pulled the plug on the operation because it was to dangerious and no one died. Holder operation Fast And Furious allowed over 2000 gun to enter Mexico without any involvment or knowledge of the Mexican goverment. Of the 2000 guns they lost track of over 1500 that are now turning up at crime senes both here and Mexico and at least 2 border agents have been killed with guns from this operation. The only reason Holder shut this down was because it leaked out that Agent Terry was killed with one of his guns and then he, the DOJ and ATF have done their best to cover up and delay any investagation of this operation. Who ever green flaged this operation should be out of a job and possibly be charged in the death of Agent Terry and arms trafficing.
Ok DVL:
You've proven your in some alternate universe. Perry is dumb as dirt! That he is even considered for the highest office in this country speaks legions about the mediocrity of the Rethug presidential candidates.I would say Perry is way in over his head, except that is way too gratuitous for this clown! But, hardly the point, since Perry doesn't have a snowball's chance in hell of getting the nomination. Even the Rethug primary voters(not saying much, since the vast majority choose to vote against their vested interest) have figured that one out. Back to your doublewide, sport!
My "Hat's Off" to DVL and EJF for two well written comments on this post. I'm for Perry because he has the Best Record and the Most well rounded experience [Military, Farming/Ranching, and Successful Politician].
perry is wrong,it was not ill conceived. that implies that this administration didn't do it on purpose,and that is total bulls----. holder and obama do everything on purpose and hope we are dumb enough to ignore it. they are very dangerous on purpose people. we are in huge trouble.
Okay GymRatPro: Prove it? Calling someone "dumb as dirt", is a dumb remark considering the source.
Not again to listen to the dumbest Governor in the USA. Perry! Go home and do your home for next debate.
DVL:
Texas is so decentralized that it makes the state per capita debt appear low relative to other states. In actuality, the per capita debt burden in Texas is closer to New York State if local tax increases are included. I live in New York State, and we hear this not uncommonly.
The per capita debt burden in the state of Texas *HAS NOT* decreased during Perry's governship. It has increased, and likely more than the Federal per capita debt.
For example (not selected over other sources for any particular reason):...
You can't take credit for a tax cut performed at the state level if you know that it just shifts down to the local governments to pick up. That is not a real tax cut.
We need facts if we are going to figure out the best Republican candidate. Perry is absolutely dead in the water. You can not put this guy on an international stage. He can't keep his cool in front of sympathetic US audiences during primary debates ... how's he going to look in impartial debates, against real adversaries while being asked real questions. Romney and Huntsman are the only two that sound intelligible to the average independent voter.
Oh! What I meant to say is that Perry so *soooo* late to the party. If this really is his first commentary on Fast and Furious, I have to ask why is he talking about it, and why is it coming up now?
Seriously, he seems to be free associating conservative themes and talking-points without any real direction. Not as random as Cain, but that's a pretty low bar.
Eric Holder is a lier, deceiver and a scammer. Once again, he has slimed his way out of this and what is really sickening is that he is probably laughing at us all because he knows we can not touch him. Holder is the most arrogent man on the hill with the exception of OBAMA. I can not believe Holder is actaully going to wiggle his way out of this. Why are we letting this happen? IMPEACH!!!!!!!!
Congratulations to Governor Rick. This might be the first coherant point he has made this election cycle. It seems to be a poor idea no matter under which administration it occurred. But the statement does seem to lose its impact when you wait several years after it first occurred.
Perry described it as an "ill-conceived operation." However, the conception of operation Fast & Furious goes back to 2006 during the Bush administration and a nearly identical ATF gun-walking operation called operation Wide Receiver, which ran from 2006 into 2007.
Gun-walking is a type of law enforcement sting operation in which illegal gun sales are allowed to proceed under surveillance with the idea of tracing the contraband guns to higher level criminals. Unlike most law enforcement sting operations, these were cross-border transactions that depended upon Mexican officials to pick up and continue the surveillance on the other side of the border.
The earlier operation Wide Receiver was not particularly effective, since tracking the guns was lost once they crossed into Mexico. Maybe it was unwise to repeat the same operation in Fast & Furious, but that generic type of sting operation was not recently conceived. It has been done before.
I thought this nitwit wanted EVERYBODY to have a gun! He had better spend his time "hitting" his fellow Republican contenders if he wants the GOTP nomination; Obama can wait until later.
The most ironic scenario would be that one of Obama/Holder's illegal guns was used by the 'Occupy shooter' last Friday to plink away at Obama's bedroom window. Karma is a bi*ch.
tomwfox, the earlier operation did not walk guns into mexico without the mexicans knowing about it. holder is a criminal and so is his boss.
You must be logged in to comment
Not yet a member?Register Now
<|endofexample|>
Maryland lawmakers build 'Fort Cyber'
Sen. Barbara Mikulski said the state built on the assets it already had. | AP Photo.Continue Reading.
<|endofexample|>
Poll: Chris Christie crushes Cory Booker
A new poll shows Christie would win the contest against Booker, 53 to 34 percent. | AP Photos.Continue Reading
.
<|endofexample|>
AOL News has a new home! The Huffington Post.Click here to visit the new home of Politics Daily!
Excuse me , do any of the people here EXPECT to be alive in 2050 or 2075. That's when S.S. will change big time. It took, since FDR and LBJ to get in this mess....if we EVER EXPECT TO GET OUT OF THIS AND SAVE THE COUNTRY FROM FINANCIAL COLLAPSE......somebody better start thinking about cutting somewhere.......if it was me deciding, it would be 10% budget cut EVERYWHERE until we had the debt back to a reasonable level or gone. We are in serious trouble ...better start thinking differently.November 11 2010 at 8:12 PM Report abuse Permalink +5 rate up rate down Reply
Everyone wants the american people to save the day but we can't! We do not have the money to spend atleast the poor people don't.November 11 2010 at 7:35 PM Report abuse Permalink +3 rate up rate down Reply
One of the big ticket items is defense. Eisenhower warned this country about the military/industrial complex but we didn't listen.November 11 2010 at 6:27 PM Report abuse Permalink +2 rate up rate down Reply
That's funny! Reagan boosted the defense budget and we won the cold war...and he got this country running in the green and out of the mess carter left for him...IN 2 YEARS!November 11 2010 at 8:18 PM Report abuse Permalink +1 rate up rate down Reply
World War 2 ended in 1945, sixty five years ago and yet we still maintain a military prsence in Germany and Japan that has cost and continues to cost taxpayers billions and billions of dollars We continue to maintain utterly meaningless military outposts in every far flung corner of the world again at a cost of billions. WHY? Is it this all consuming desire for America to be seen as "the greatest power on the planet ? We stick our noses in other countries matters that should be of no concern to us. We needlessly invaded Iraq based upon a pack of lies. We continue to spend billions in Afghanistan when it is obvious that Afghanistan is quite simply, Vietnam all over again and look at the outcome there. Just for once can a political party have the courage to stand up and say "Enough is enough - now we start putting America first" . This would NOT be a sign of weakness but rather, one of tremedous courage and wisdom.November 11 2010 at 4:34 PM Report abuse Permalink +12 rate up rate down Reply
Or we can just wait for everything to go bankrupt and then do something..November 11 2010 at 4:25 PM Report abuse Permalink +4 rate up rate down Reply
When will they get around to reforming the compensation, benefits, and age for drawing full retirement, which is is right now about 10 years sooner than the private sector? The American people will accept sacrifices, as long as they are "shared sacrifices," as stated by the President. No exempting public servants, or a favored few in the private sector. That is what will anger the people, not the sacrifices.November 11 2010 at 4:07 PM Report abuse Permalink +14 rate up rate down Reply
Start with congress. Cut pay, eliminate perks, no retirement plan. They volunteered to be public servants. They can go on the SS plan like everyone else.November 11 2010 at 12:59 PM Report abuse Permalink +25 rate up rate down Reply
Leave the people's Social Security alone. Cut Federal Jobs 10%; cut all Federal salaries and benefits above $150,000. back to 2005 levels. Confiscate all PAC money of retiring politicians to pay down the Federal deficit. Eliminate earmarks; they just grow the government and continue overspending on money borrowed from future generations. Leave the Social Security early retirement age at 62; there are many of our citizens such as roofers, tradesmen, etc. who are physically unable to continue work past 62.November 11 2010 at 12:48 PM Report abuse Permalink +19 rate up rate down Reply
With everything on the table to be cut, this is not the time to experiment with a new entitlement program -- Obamacare... We can cut 2 and a half trillion by just eliminating that one.November 11 2010 at 12:45 PM Report abuse Permalink +11 rate up rate down Reply
First, cut defense spending - why do we need bases in Japan, Germany, etc., when we're closing bases in this country...second, why does John McCain and every Senator and Congressman/woman who is eligible for Social Security, take Social Security payments every month? It is possible to refuse them - do millionaires really need that paltry sum every month - no, but grandma and grandpa do! Third, cut the deduction for mortgage interest - it's not fair to people who rent - they cut out the deduction for credit card interest, for interest on car loans - yet someone who takes an interest only mortgage gets a break on their taxes...give ME a break! And, finally, why do people who make $205,000 a year only pay into Social Security on the first $200,000 - therefore, someone who makes $1,000,000 a year only pays into Social Security on the firs $200,000 they earn - yet they get a check every month when they retire - whatever age that winds up to be! That's ridiculous! I have a high school education - the citizens of this country do not pay for my health insurance, nor do they pay my salary - yet the people who get those benefits, all paid for by citizens of this country, are willing to give tax breaks to the wealthiest (EXXON paid NO federal income tax in 2009 and got money back - what was their profit - how insane is that!). Pretty soon we'll all be living in tents - but they'll still want income tax money from us - and thanks to Bush, they'll be able to find us as long as we have a phone they can tap!November 11 2010 at 12:31 PM Report abuse Permalink +8 rate up rate down Reply
Follow Politics Daily
POPULAR
News From Our Partners
Top News
More News
More on Aol
Local News
More Blog/Sites
Sites and Services
30 Comments
<|endofexample|>
In Context: Gov. Scott Walker's "from dependence to independence" speech
By Tom Kertscher
Published on Thursday, February 21st, 2013 at 9:00 a.m.
"In Context" is an occasional feature of PolitiFact Wisconsin. It is intended to give readers the context of a statement that has received widespread attention.
When Gov. Scott Walker proposed reforming Medicaid, food stamps and unemployment compensation, all in one speech, the howls from the left were sharp.
"We can’t implore people to pull themselves up by their bootstraps if they don’t even have boots," U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore, D-Wis., said of Walker’s decision not to expand Medicaid.
"It shows a complete departure from the mainstream Republican Party," said state Senate Minority Leader Chris Larson, D-Milwaukee. "I think we’re seeing the results of his ideology, choosing his ideology over the people of Wisconsin."
So that’s how political opponents of Walker, who increasingly is viewed as a presidential candidate in 2016, framed his speech. What did he actually say?
Here are excerpts from Walker’s 37-minute speech, given to Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce’s "business day" gathering in Madison on Feb. 13, 2013, the day after President Barack Obama’s State of the Union speech.
The governor introduced his remarks by saying his theme would be entitlement reform and going "from dependence to independence."
Medicaid
"There’s a whole group of people out there in Washington and some here in Wisconsin who define success by how many people are dependent on the government. You hear talk about wanting more people on Medicaid, wanting more people on food stamps, wanting more people on unemployment checks ….
"My view of success is not by how many people are dependent on the government, but more importantly by how many people are no longer dependent on the government. Not because we’ve kicked them out into the streets; no, but because instead we’ve empowered them to control their own destiny through a job in the private sector. That means more freedom and more prosperity for them and all the rest of us in this state ….
"I want the funding that we provide to things like Medicaid to be for what it was meant for -- for people who are poor, not to be a permanent way of life, but to be a temporary hand up, not a permanent hand out. And so, what our goal is, not only are we dramatically reducing the number of people who today are uninsured, through our proposal, but we’re reducing the number of people who are on Medicaid and increasing the number of people who are getting covered under the private insurance market or under the exchanges. To me, that just seems like a logical way to go because in the end, not only is it better for me and you as a taxpayer, because there’s less of a federal and state match that we have to plug into Medicaid, it empowers people to have greater control over their lives" ….
Food stamps
"You see, a lot of people don’t know this, but the federal government has a requirement that" able-bodied, childless adults … have to either work or get some work training. But over the years, Wisconsin’s been one of the 46 states that asked for a waiver. Well, I notified the government at the federal level at the end of last year that we weren’t going to ask for that waiver anymore. And instead, I put in this budget $16.9 million to establish a training program so that for 75,878 FoodShare recipients who are childless adults who aren’t enrolled already in an education program to get them ready for a job, if they want to get food stamps in the future, they have to be getting job-ready training ….
"It just seems ridiculous to me that we’re just handing out food stamps without any expectation. Not only in terms of work or preparation for work but because our goal should be, if you are able bodied and a childless adult in this state, we should be providing you a temporary hand up until you can find a spot where your talents can plug into a job in this state and we’re so committed to that, we care so deeply about you in this state -- and I mean this in all earnestness -- we care so deeply about those individuals who right now are suffering from unemployment or other options out there, that we’re going to give you the training you need so that when a job opportunity becomes available, you’ve got the skills needed to step right up and take that job.
"That’s not just good for the taxpayers, that’s not just good for the community, most importantly, that’s for the person who is the recipient of that food stamp right now because more than anything better than a food stamp to that recipient, we’re giving them dignity, we’re giving them the right and the opportunity to get the skills needed to get a job and get back up on their feet again" ....
Unemployment compensation
"There’s a whole group of people who right now are getting unemployment compensation, who are getting unemployment checks, who have to go out and twice a week have to look for a job. Twice a week ….
"Instead of saying twice a week, we want you to go out four or more times a week to find a job. Now, I had to laugh when I first talked about this, I got some pushback from a couple people in the media who said, ‘Oh, the governor is trying to make it harder to get unemployment. And I thought, OK, I’m going from two to four and a little voice in my head reminded me of what my parents would say when I was a kid if I was looking for work and they’d say, ‘You need to be out five days a week if you’re without a job because you should be working every day there’s a store or a factory or a business open trying to find work.’ And so all we’re doing is saying four times out of every week, you should be looking for work ….
"And this is another example, whether it’s food stamps, getting the training you need to get prepared for a job, or it’s saying if you want to get help in terms of unemployment compensation, we want to make sure you’re out hustling each and every week as much as reasonably as possible to go out and find that job. We’re going to give you the skills and the backing and the opportunity to do that, but you’ve got to work to make that happen as well. I don’t think that’s an unrealistic expectation" ....
Closing
"Nobody grows up in America, nobody comes to this country saying, ‘Someday, I’d like to be dependent on the government.’ And yet so many people in Washington seem to push us at the state level and state governments to try and say that the only way we can be successful is somehow if we broaden the number of programs that we provide and encompass more people. And they put all these financial incentives to somehow entice us into thinking that maybe that’s a good thing in the short term, despite the fact that with a $16.5 trillion budget deficit -- or debt -- it’s pretty hard to imagine that they have the money to keep those commitments.
"But even if they did, set aside the money for a minute and think from a moral standpoint, from a moral standpoint, are we really doing the people of this state a service? If we continue to build a series of programs whose overwhelming purpose is to add more people to that system? I think the moral claim here is that we want people to succeed. That’s why I’d end with these two phrases: self-reliance and independence. To me, this debate, this discussion, this battle we’ll have yet again in this next budget, is simply about going from where we started from -- dependence -- to where, I think, most of us in this room, most of us in this state, most of us in this country would prefer to head to, and that’s to independence ….
 …."
Sources:
Wisconsin Eye, video of Gov. Scott Walker speech (starts at about 6:00), Feb. 13, 2013
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, "Walker rejects full Medicaid expansion, says 224,000 more to be covered," Feb. 13, 2013
U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore, statement, Feb. 13, 2013
Interview, state Sen. Chris Larson, Feb. 19, 2013
Researchers: Tom Kertscher
Names in this article: Chris Larson, Gwen Mo.
<|endofexample|>
Date: 20/08/2009
Source: Democratic Alliance
Title: DA: George: Speech by the DA MP on economic development
Thank you, speaker.
A rescue plan in response to the...
Date: 20/07/2009
Source: Democratic Alliance
Title: DA: Zille: Public lecture by the leader of the DA at the Wits Graduate School of Public and Development Management
This week I attended a government lekgotla with President Jacob Zuma, members of his cabinet, Premiers, Executive Mayors and Directors-General. The meeting was conducted in a professional and...
<|endofexample|>
Montreal Transit threatens to bring lawsuit against Counter-Strike map creators
French-Canadian transit company, The Societe de Transport de Montreal, is threatening the makers of a Counter-Strike map set in one of its subway stations with a lawsuit, stating the map will "create panic" among those who use the real-world train system, Journal de Montreal reports.
The map was designed by Diego Liatis and a group of friends who took it upon themselves to re-create Montreal's Berri-UQAM station. According to Liatis, he later received a later from the transportation company stating it does not want its "copyrights metro network" to appear in the video game and is considering legal action if the map, currently in-development for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, is released.
"[The STM] told me that they feared the game could create panic among the city's public transit users," said Liatis.
Earlier in January, Liatis requested permission from the STM to recreate the station, but this was declined. Liatis designed the station regardless, believing it cannot be illegal to recreate a public space. According to the map designer, STM threatened him with a $50,000 fine in addition to court costs if the map releases.
There are 12
<|endofexample|>
Countdown to Campus
1. It’s Party Time
In larger metropolitan areas, Pomona families host welcome parties for incoming freshmen and their families. It’s a great introduction to the College and a terrific chance to meet other Sagehen families from your area.
2. Summer Communications
Get ready for a constant, valuable and important stream of information from the College throughout the summer. Your child will be receiving emails to log on to the Pomona Student Portal to complete and submit the new student forms. Review and enjoy form after form that MUST be carefully filled out and sent back on time. Yes, following directions and accuracy are important!
3. Home Away From Home
Your child will electronically receive his or her residence hall assignment, roommate information and campus address at the end of July (triggering room planning and shopping trips!). Before you head to the mall, keep in mind:
- Residence hall rooms are small and are furnished with an extra-long twin bed, three to four feet of clothes-hanging space, a chest of drawers, bookshelf, trash can, desk and padded desk chair.
- Before you go to campus, encourage your child to discuss décor and furnishings with his or her roommate. This can eliminate bringing duplicate furnishings and be helpful in establishing great roommate relationships.
- Be sure your child has a fan! Small desktop, tower or box fans are useful and necessary during the hot weather.
4. Sponsor Groups
All first-year students are assigned to a sponsor group—a small band of freshmen who live in proximity under the wise and watchful eyes of two sophomore sponsors. Think of sponsors as surrogate older siblings without the teasing; this group is your child’s family away from home. Sponsors are carefully chosen to help smooth the transition to college. They make sure everyone is included in all activities as the school year starts. They’ll write to your child during the summer and are wonderful at calming jitters and answering pre-arrival questions.
5. Shopping 'Til You Drop
There are major retailers within a 10 to 15-minute drive of campus that sell everything you'll need. You'll find a list of shopping centers here. That said, it's advisable to shop early for a few critical items that everybody needs and that stores have trouble keeping in stock:
- A computer: Laptops make the most sense, but to each his or her own.
- Extra-long twin-sized sheets and blankets: No matter how hard you pull, regular twin sheets just won’t work.
- An extra long Ethernet cable: Buy a 10-foot cable in case you need to maneuver around furniture. Some students recommend having two.
- One or two large pillows: Hey, you want to make it easy for your son or daughter to study in bed, right?
- Room fans: Even if your child is one of the lucky ones assigned to Mudd-Blasdell, which has air conditioning, fans are a must!
6. Trash or Treasure
On Move-In Day, the Pomona College thrift store, The Re-Coop, will make it easy for you to browse through all the furniture and other odds and ends that were gathered during May’s Operation Clean Sweep. We can’t guarantee exactly what you’ll find, but previous students have left behind a wide range of perfectly good items—everything from L.A. Dodger bobble heads to printers to sofas to laundry detergent. Hangers are available at no charge, but they go pretty quickly.
7. Ship After You Shop
Shipping belongings to Pomona before you head to college makes the crazy days before move-in much less stressful. Here are some helpful tips if you do decide to ship some items:
- The mailroom will accept boxes two weeks before move-in day, BUT NOT EARLIER, so time your shipping accordingly.
- Address all items in the following manner:
Student Name
170 E. Sixth St. Suite #132
Claremont, CA 91711
Mailbox # (Don't use “PO Box” – this confuses the post office, UPS, FedEx and all other mail carriers and will either prevent or delay receipt of the packages.)
- Put a distinctive mark or sticker on your boxes – it will help you and the mailroom staff identify them quickly when you go to pick them up on Move-In Day.
Calfornia Dreamin'
8. The Joys of Coming Early
If it’s feasible, think about coming to the L.A. region early. Southern California is beautiful and filled with exciting things to do. Ease into the extremely busy transition to college by enjoying some down time before Move-In Day. Or just give yourself an extra day to shop for supplies.
9. California Cuisine
Although there are many tasty places to eat near the campus, you won’t want to go home without trying a California classic In-N-Out Burger. There are three locations less than three miles from campus. Search the Web to find their secret menu! For those of you with a more discriminating or health-conscious palette, know that there are many terrific food and snack opportunities in and around Claremont Village...eat to your heart's delight! You'll find an extensive list of locaal restaurants here.
10. “Having Weather”
This unique California term is used on any day without a cloudless blue sky. Southern California is one of the most spectacular and weather-friendly regions in the country. Following are a few wardrobe tips:
- Footwear: In California, flip-flops are considered dress shoes. Several pairs, from shower to casual to dress, are recommended.
- Outerwear: In the fall, the days can be hot, but the nights are cool. Sweatshirts are California’s answer to coats. Annual rainfall is limited, and a lightly lined rain jacket with a hood should get your child through the rainy season unless it’s an El Nino year, in which case it is advisable to just batten down the hatches and ride out the storm! Nights in December, January and February can be downright cold, so heavy sweaters, scarves and a warm hat will come in handy.
- Swimwear: Don’t forget to pack a bathing suit and a beach towel. The campus has a nice pool and the beach is only about one hour away, but be forewarned, the Pacific Ocean is very cold, even in the summer.
<|endofexample|>
View Portfolio
Artist:MusicForMedia
Clip Details
- Clip ID#:
- 997907
- Number of Views:
- 23
- Model Released:
- No
- Downloads:
- 5
- Property Released:
- No
- Date Uploaded:
- 28 Dec 2010
- Date Created:
-
- Seamless Looping:
- No
- PRO:
- IMRO
- Publisher:
-
- Composer:
- Emmett Cooke
Description
Very minimal and stylistic simple piano track. Elegant and graceful, this contemporary instrumental track adds a subtle and soothing reflective mood, perfect to add colour to a scene
Tags for this Music
More From this Artist
Collections Containing this Music
Load more results
<|endofexample|>
MONOPOLY Mac Game
Build a fortune as you buy, sell and trade!
Enjoy classic MONOPOLY fun as you take a ride on Reading Railroad, build a house on Park Place, or buy up the whole neighborhood. You’ll take a spin around the world’s favorite board with animated tokens, 3-D dice and customized game environments and prove your skills as a deal maker in up to three levels of difficulty. Are you ready to own it all?
System Requirements
<|endofexample|>
'Real Housewives of Atlanta' Star Kim Zolciak Reveals She's Pregnant
By PopEater Staff Posted Nov 22nd 2010 06:00AM
Life & Style magazine reports exclusively that Kim Zolciak of 'The Real Housewives of Atlanta' is expecting a baby with her boyfriend, Kroy Biermann.
"I was surprised! While it wasn't planned, God clearly has a bigger and better plan for us and we're excited," the 32-year-old tells Life & Style.
In October, an ex of Zolciak's spilled the news, leaving Kim upset and denying reports she was pregnant. "I was appalled and disgusted by that. I wasn't through my first trimester -- you never know what could happen."
Right now, though, she's incredibly excited. "I'm the happiest I've ever been."
Zolciak has two daughters, ages 13 and 9, from a previous marriage and has been dating the 25-year-old Biermann, a defensive end for the Atlanta Falcons, since May.
For more on Kim and her pregnancy, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now.. Another story about another piece of crap "reality show" idiot
Reply
First of all with her multiple plastic surgeries, I too thought she was MUCH older. All of you are being very kind guessing her age to be 38. Quite honestly I though she was definitely in her 40's! Yes.....I agree....she found a meal ticket....and a plastic surgery fund for her future operations! LOL Hope her face doesn't melt during childbirth! hahaha
32? 32? There ain't no way in hell that this woman is 32. No Way.
Reply
OMG, I was thinking the exact same thing as you - the woman looks rough for 32 - maybe it's just the dye!
yea 32 10 yrs ago
Blessings to you and this wonderful journey of motherhood at such a joyous time in your life. Kim you will make a gorgeous, sexy, Bellylicious mommy. Congratulations Kroy and Kim. May the Angels watch over you.....
Reply
Yeah right angels just loove watching a siliconed floozy who sleeps with married men for money, right. The ones who needs watching over are the poor kids that have that bimbo for a mom.
Some Housewives of Atlanta can't count. Kim doesn't know how old she really is (40) and Phaedra doesn't know how pregnant she was (40 weeks).
32!! I doubt it
Reply
Oh Kim! Your boytoy is closer to that side of 32 than you. Thanks for the good laugh though. 32. o.k.
Isn't there a bigger risk having a pregnancy in your late 40's?
Reply
Big mistake young man...HUGE!
Reply
There is NO way this woman is 32!
Reply
I would guess that Kim's age is closer to 38 than to 32.
Reply
Well that's one way for to quit drinking so much. She's a lush. Hopefully she stopped early on enough that the fetus wasn't damaged.
Reply
Wonder how "Big Poppa" took the news ?
Reply
Hahhah hahahahahhhhhhhhhh hhahhahahahah hahahhahh ahha
hahahahhh
hahahahh
hahhhhhhhhhahaaaaaa ahahaaaaahhhahahahah haahha
Reply
Poor baby...feel so bad for ALL her children
Reply
WHAT HAPPENED TO BIG DADDY ????
Reply
It's "Big Poppa":)! Still, that's a BabyMomma who (literally) gets around. Yet, I'm not hating. She's a beautiful woman and, clearly, it's all about what you make of it. Still, I'd love to hear what Big Poppa has to say. Was he the "ex" who revealed the pregnancy, before she was ready? Inquiring minds want to know.
<|endofexample|>
Beyoncé’s cancelled a ‘gig’ in Belgium because she’s feeling under the weather
Beyoncé has cancelled her ‘gig’ in Belgium tonight as she’s suffering from dehydration and exhaustion. The ‘Fighting Temptation’ hitmaker was [...]
Sky Ferreira’s announced a one-off ‘gig’ in London
‘Everything Is Embarrassing’ hitmaker Sky Ferreira’s announced she will be singing some songs on a stage in London again soon. [...]
Apparently Christina Aguilera and Cee Lo Green are returning to The Voice US
It looks like Christina Aguilera and Cee Lo Green will both be returning to The Voice US for its next [...]
A bit of a song Beyoncé’s done on the new album by The-Dream is now ‘pon de internet’
Another bit of a new song featuring Beyoncé has surfaced online. ‘Turnt’ is taken from The-Dream’s forthcoming album ‘IV Play’ [...]
The full version of Solange’s ‘Looks Good With Trouble’ is now online
Beyoncé’s Sister Solange has released a full version of ‘Looks Good With Trouble’, an interlude from her EP, ‘True’. Not [...]
Robbie Williams went on a bit of rant about how he’s “fat and old” at the Sony Radio awards
Robbie Williams expressed some opinions in regards his current standing in the music industry at last night’s Sony Radio Academy [...]
Dizzee Rascal says recording with Robbie Williams made “total sense”
Dizzee Rascal has at long last revealed the thrilling tale behind his new collaboration with Robbie Williams. Speaking to Capital [...]
Daft Punk’s new album will be streaming on iTunes at some point today
It looks like Daft Punk’s poorly promoted new album ‘Random Access Memories’ will be streamed worldwide on iTunes at some [...]
Apparently Tulisa might be (isn’t) working with Kanye West on her new album
Tulisa might be planning to work with Kanye West on her new album (but probably isn’t). According to The Sun, [...]
Lawson’s new single is called ‘Brokenhearted’ and features B.o.B
Boyband Lawson have announced details of their new single. The song, called ‘Brokenhearted’, features a bit of a rap from [...]
<|endofexample|>
Seminal 1980’s cow punk rockers Jason and the Scorchers are back with their first batch of original music since 1996. The CD is Halcyon Days. The single featured here is “Moonshine Guy”. Highlight lyric: “He yells and he roars / Loves the Stones, hates the Doors / Thinks the Beatles sing for girls / He’s a moonshine guy in a six pack world.”
<|endofexample|>
I was wondering about this when I wanted to watch a Japanese film called Death by Hanging- part comedy, part drama, part fantasy, part social commentary on prejudice, the rule of law, imperialism and of course capital punishment. This 1968 movie by Nagisa Oshima is not out on DVD and though it just made the rounds at the New York Film Festival, I missed it there. So what was I left to do?
I could keep it on the wish-list of movies that I’d like to see or rent some day if gets screened again or put out on DVD. Or… you could use the power of the Net and see if it’s available ‘otherwise.’ What that usually means that like songs or albums that are long out of print, you can go to P2P or bit torrent sites to download the material yourself. Or you could just do a Google search and see if it’s available otherwise.
That’s exactly what I did. Much to my relief and surprise, someone had actually posted the movie in a dozen parts on YouTube. Rather than wait around for the film to appear in a theater or DVD, I just watched it online. I’d been dying to see it for years so why would I pass up the chance?
Now of course when you take the quick route like this, there’s a lot happening that you don’t realize. Obviously, the studio, director, producers and anyone involved in the movie don’t get any money from you. You could argue that they wouldn’t anyway since you otherwise wouldn’t get to see the movie so what’s the difference? Another counter-argument would be that your selfishness means that there’s less incentive for the studio to get the movie into theaters or on DVD since there will be less demand for it. Seems logical but then how do you explain Radiohead’s success with their latest album which they offered for free (if you like) and then it’s subsequent chart-topping status? There’s aren’t easy issues to suss out, are they?
But I also wondered about the ease that the Net provides us with finding almost anything that we want. If I had enough money, I could snap up all the out-of-print books, movies and CD’s that I’ve wanted from somewhere like Amazon’s used market. If I didn’t and still wanted these things badly enough, I could go to P2P and torrent sites to grab the movies and CD’s though the size of the former makes it less likely that many people would bother (as for books, even if you grabbed an e-book, you’d still need a reader to see it though there’s places to legally get old classics which fell out of copyright). Some music services (Napster) offer you monthly charges where you can stream as much music as you want to hear from their service and now even some cell phone companies are working up offers of monthly ‘buffet’ packages that let you actually download as much as you’d like for a set fee.
In a way, that’s great that we all have access to all of these wonderful bits of culture. But is it always a good thing?
That’s when I started to wonder about the premise of the title of this blog entry: “What do we lose when everything’s available?” If all of our cultural consumer needs are at our fingertips, how does that change us? Do we just pile up all these things and later figure out when or if we have time to go through all of it? Do we just become bloated on all of items and take them for granted since they’re all in our possession? As crazy as it sounds, on some level, don’t we also love the thrill of finally tracking something down after years of patience, research and diligence? In the end, if we have easy access to everything, does that mean that we really have access to nothing?
Another problem with having everything stored up on our computer or hand-held device is what I call ‘digital amnesia.’ When rows of CD’s or DVD’s or books are sitting on your shelf, you’re probably not going to obsess over them every time you walk by or glance at them but their mere presence is going to be a reminder that they’re waiting for you to discover or rediscover them at some point. When they’re inside your computer or device, they’re not staring out at you, reminding you of their existence. On many MP3 players, you have a random feature that lets you mix up and rediscover everything that you’ve loaded on the device but even then, you have to remember to load everything that you’ve downloaded to your computer there (unless you’re buying things wirelessly and directly to your player).
In the end, all of us can have great movie collections, great music collections and great music collections but then we have to figure out what we’re going to do with this huge mountain of material we’ve gathered up. Careful what you wish for?
As crazy as it sounds, what I think I’m also arguing here is that we have a need to need. When we’ve amassed all these cultural toys, what’s left? What do have to long for, to want, to hunt and search for? Even more importantly, then we start to ask deeper questions about why we want these things, what they amount to and what it says about us. The things that we collect speak volumes about who we are or who we’d like to be but having them all at our disposal doesn’t mean we’re completely satiated. We always hunger for something else, something more. Once many of us are able to reach that point, it’ll be interesting to see where that takes us and what else we want. Rest assured, once we figure it out, there’s gonna be someone ready to sell it to us.
<|endofexample|>
Call for Columnists: Brainy, Artful Generalists, Rejoice!
Your name:
Recipient's email address:
PopMatters will use this address only to tell the recipient who sent the article. It will not be saved or used for any other purpose.
The email will read as follows:
Please enter the sequence of letters and numbers you see in the image above. Do not include any spaces..
<|endofexample|>
People Magazine Celebrity News For Nov. 2, 2012
Kristen Talks About Kissing Rob on Screen
by Meghan Rooney 0
- In their first interview together for Breaking Dawn Part 2, Kristen Stewart shares what it's like kissing Robert Pattinson
- Britney Spears and family win court battle
- Taylor Swift is the butt of breakup jokes at the CMAs
- Does Kate Middleton share her shoes with Pippa?
- See all of Carrie Underwood's looks from the CMAs
<|endofexample|>
A Brief History of Public Officials Electronically Embarrassing Themselves
Even the best and the brightest can't seem to grasp that emailing or tweeting about scandalous information means it's not going to stay secret for long.
By Mary Beth Griggs
Mario Tama/Getty Imagestoo lateto delete them. The latest on Weiner? He's back on Twitter. And contemplating a run for mayor of NYC.
<|endofexample|>
eYe COMME des GARCONS JUNYA WATANABE MAN x The North Face Winter Down Coat
Junya Watanabe of COMME des GARCONS continues a fruitful collaboration with The North Face with this winter down coat from the eYe COMME des GARCONS JUNYA WATANABE MAN line. This piece is really well-thoughtout as it features elements from military-inspired classics like the N-3B and B9 and blends it with modern detailing. Note the leather trimmed pockets, classic check on the inner lining and the corduroy collar to top things off. The removable hood features fur and a central zip as well. Look for this piece to hit select accounts soon with an MSRP in the $1,750 range.
<|endofexample|>
page was last updated Monday, 10 September 2012.
<|endofexample|>
DETAILED OCCUPATION DATA
51-4072 Molding, Coremaking, and Casting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Occupational Description:Set up, operate, or tend metal or plastic molding, casting, or coremaking machines to mold or cast metal or thermoplastic parts or products.
Tasks for Molding, Coremaking, and Casting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
- Removes casting from mold, mold from press, or core from core box, using tongs, pliers, hydraulic ram, or by inversion.
- Pours or loads metal or sand into melting pot, furnace, mold, core box or hopper, using shovel, ladle, or machine.
- Observes and records data from pyrometers, lights, and gauges to monitor molding process and adjust furnace temperature.
- Signals or directs other workers to load conveyor, spray molds, or remove ingots.
- Requisitions molds and supplies and inventories and records finished products.
- Weighs metals and powders and computes amounts of materials necessary to produce mixture of specified content.
- Smoothes and cleans inner surface of mold, using brush, scraper, airhose, or grinding wheel, and fills imperfections with refractory material.
-.
- Inspects metal casts, and molds for cracks, bubbles, or other defects and measures castings to ensure specifications met.
- Repairs or replaces damaged molds, pipes, belts, chains, or other equipment, using hand tools, hand- powered press, or jib crane.
- Cleans, glues, and racks cores, ingots, or finished products for storage.
- Cuts spouts and pouring holes in molds and sizes hardened cores, using saws.
- Fills core boxes and mold patterns with sand or powders, using ramming tools or pneumatic hammers, and removes excess.
- Positions, aligns, and secures molds or core boxes in holding devices or under pouring spouts and tubes, using hand tools.
- Sets up matrices in assembly stick by hand according to specifications.
- Stops machine when galley is full or when strip is completed.
- Inserts and locks galley or matrix case into place on machine.
- Positions composing stick to length of line specified in casting instructions.
- Forwards galley to appropriate personnel for proofing.
- Removes and stores assembly stick, controller reel, and matrix case.
- Places reel of controller paper on holder, threads around reels, and attaches to winding roll.
- Starts machine and monitors operation for proper functioning.
- Positions, aligns, and secures assembled mold, mold components, and machine accessories onto machine press bed, and attaches connecting lines.
- Presses button or pulls lever to activate machine to inject dies and compress compounds to form and cure specified products.
- Sets machine controls to regulate molding temperature, volume, pressure, and time, according to knowledge of plastics and molding procedures.
- Installs dies onto machine or press and coats dies with parting agent, according to work order specifications.
- Reads specifications to determine setup and prescribed temperature and time settings to mold, form, or cast plastic materials.
- Observes and adjusts machine set up and operations to eliminate production of defective parts and products.
- Measures and visually inspects products for surface and dimension defects, using precision measuring instruments, to ensure conformance to specifications.
- Mixes catalysts, thermoplastic materials, and coloring pigments according to formula, using paddle and mixing machine.
- Repairs and maintains machines and auxiliary equipment, using hand tools and power tools.
- Trims excess material from part, using knife, and grinds scrap plastic into powder for reuse.
- Removes finished or cured product from dies or mold, using hand tools and airhose.
- Weighs premixed compounds and dumps compound into die well or fills hoppers of machines that automatically supply compound to die.
- Starts machine that automatically liquefies plastic material in heating chamber, injects liquefied material into mold, and ejects molded product.
- Turns valves and dials of machines to regulate pressure and temperature, to set press-cycle time, and to close press.
- Observes continuous operation of automatic machine and width and alignment of plastic sheeting to ensure side flanges.
- Pulls level and toggle latches to fill mold and regulate tension on sheeting and to release mold covers.
- Dumps plastic powder, preformed plastic pellets, or preformed rubber slugs into hopper of molding machine.
- Feels stiffness and consistency of molded sheeting to detect machinery malfunction.
- Breaks seals that hold plastic product in molds, using hand tool, and removes product from mold.
- Heats plastic material prior to forming product or cools product after processing to prevent distortion.
- Weighs prescribed amounts of material for molded part and finished product to ensure specifications are maintained.
- Removes product from mold or conveyor, and cleans and reloads mold.
- Positions mold frame to correct alignment and tubs containing mixture on top of mold to facilitate loading of molds.
- Examines molded product for surface defects, such as dents, bubbles, thin areas, and cracks.
- Fills tubs, molds, or cavities of machine with plastic material in solid or liquid form prior to activating machine.
- Trims flashing from product.
- Signals coworker to synchronize feed of materials into molding process.
- Throws flash and rejected parts into grinder machine to be recycled.
- Reports defect in molds to supervisor.
- Stacks molded parts in boxes or on conveyor for subsequent processing or leaves parts in mold to cool.
- Mixes and pours liquid plastic into rotating drum of machine that spreads, hardens, and shapes mixture.
- Observes meters and gauges to verify specified temperatures, pressures, and press-cycle times.
- Moves controls to start, set, or adjust casting, molding, or pressing machines.
- Repairs or replaces worn or defective machine parts and dies.
- Obtains and moves specified pattern to work station, manually or using hoist, and secures pattern to machine, using wrenches.
- Removes castings from dies and dips castings in water to cool, using pliers or tongs.
- Preheats die sections with torch or electric heater.
- Stacks and mounts rotor core laminations over keyed mandrel of casting machine, and removes and stamps rotor with identifying data.
- Lines cylinder pot with asbestos strips and disk to prevent chilling.
- Loads metal ingots or aluminum bars into melting furnace, and transfers molten metal to reservoir of die casting machine.
- Connects water hose to cooling system of die, using hand tools.
- Cleans and lubricates casting machine and dies, using airhose and brushes.
- Inspects castings and core slots for defects, using fixed gauges.
- Loads die sections into machine, using equipment such as chain fall or hoist, and secures in position, using hand tools.
- Pours molten metal into cold-chamber machine or cylinders, using hand ladle.
- Starts and operates furnace, oven, diecasting, coremaking, metal molding, or rotating machines to pour metal or create molds and casts.
- Positions ladles or pourers and adjusts controls to regulate the flow of metal, sand, or coolant into mold.
<|endofexample|>
Scott’s legal team comes to defense of state worker drug testing billby Dara Kam | February 24th, 2012
State Rep. Jimmie Smith isn’t an attorney, as House Democratic Leader Ron Saunders pointed out during an “I’m-a-lawyer-and-you’re-not” debate over Smith’s bill that would require random drug testing of all state employees. In fact, Smith, R-Inverness, has a G.E.D.
But Gov. Rick Scott’s crack legal team has come to Smith’s defense on the controversial measure, similar to an executive order issued by Scott last year and argued in federal court on Wednesday. The ACLU and the union representing government workers sued Scott over the drug tests, and he backed away from his “pee in a cup” policy, limiting the drug tests to Department of Corrections workers.
Scott’s office provided a legal analysis for Smith, which he distributed to members of the House State Affairs Committee Friday morning before the panel approved the bill (HB 1205) by a 9-6 vote.
The 13-page memo, written by Scott’s deputy general counsel and Harvard Law School graduate Jesse Panuccio, outlines the legal arguments Panuccio made in the federal court case defending the drug testing, and refers to several cases in which courts ruled that drug testing government employees was acceptable.
Smith referred to the Scott’s packet several times during question-and-answer period and held his own against Democrats, who insisted the random, suspicionless, drug tests are illegal and an insult to state workers.
The requirement would further demoralize state workers, who have gone without a pay raise for six years and last year were forced to contribute 3 percent of their salaries towards their pensions, argued Rep. Dwight Taylor, D-Daytona Beach.
“Now you want them to prove they’re not doing drugs. In other words, you’re guilty. Now prove that you’re innocent. That’s not the way government should operate,” Taylor said.
Smith said he wants to cut back on Florida’s drug problem and that state workers should be treated the same as those who work for private companies, who are allowed to require drug tests.
“Let me be very clear. Drug abuse is a very real problem in the state of Florida,” Smith said. But, he insisted, “This bill does not suggest state workers are more likely to be drug users.”
Tags: drug-testing, Dwayne Taylor, Florida House, HB 1205, Jimmie Smith, Rick Scott
February 24th, 2012 at 2:37 pm
My son had to take a drug test to become a pharmacist many years ago. IT WAS PAINLESS, and I think it was important that pharmacy patrons know that his presriptions were safe and effecive under all circumstances. I’ll go ahead and emphasize the PAINLESS aspect of all of these required tests including the ones to produce identification documents. They are all PAINLESS and do not take much time. What’s the big deal? What are loyal Americans afraid of?
February 24th, 2012 at 2:38 pm
“The requirement would further demoralize state workers, who have gone without a pay raise for six years”. Well join the real world and the rest of us. Seems like backpedalling in search of preferential treatment in fear of possible undesirable drug test results.
February 24th, 2012 at 3:30 pm
The Governor and legislators are state workers. If this includes them, fine.
February 24th, 2012 at 3:46 pm
This bill does not include the elected officials who we all know are high on something by the policies they endorse.
February 24th, 2012 at 4:53 pm
We have a right to privacy dont we?. All state county federal workers are subject to testing when hired and or when involoved with an accident. But to say test right now right here thats were you gotta draw the line. What about this scenario, I go on vacation to Amsterdam and I partake in what is perfectly legal there and I come back here and now Im at risk of loosing my Job, thats not living in the land of the free.
February 24th, 2012 at 5:08 pm
Not sure what all the fuss is about. Most businesses that carry health insurance policies for their workers, usually take the ‘drug free’ workplace option for a 5% discount. This includes random drug tests usually every quarter for their employees. Never heard the employees screaming about being unconstitutional. Its their insurance plans and they get a discount for being part of the group. I find it hard to believe that state insurance programs do not have this sort of reduction.
A bunch of crying about nothing. This is not the same as EVERY worker is being tested. Its random and its a sampling.
February 25th, 2012 at 1:51 am
There are a number of good reasons not to allow it. For one the tests are not 100% acurate. People have lost their jobs who have done nothing wrong because of a false positive.
If my doctor gives me something to help me sleep at night I now have to reveal confidential medical info to my employer when its none of his business because of the test.
People have been fired because their employer doesn’t like the fact that their doctor prescribed them a control substance. They have done nothing wrong.
I have about a dozen more examples. And then there is the fact that these tests can be beaten. So where is the real value?
What happened to less gov’t in our personal lives????
February 26th, 2012 at 11:37 am
Why has no one mentioned that Scott is only doing this because his wife still owns his stake in the medical testing facilities that would get the contract for these drug tests?
He tried it with the welfare recipients. He gave up because the conflict of interest came to light. Now, he turns against the people who keep the state running… People who already have to take drug tests already.
Why not say who’s paying for these tests, how much the tests will cost, and how likely they are to achieve anything.
The absolute best case scenario is that someone is fired and then replaced by someone else. A net loss of productivity, and no real net gain in monetary value. Worst case scenario, everyone passes the tests, and the $150 that each of these tests cost is going indirectly into the pockets of Scott and his cronies.
There is absolutely zero benefit to the state. There is a lot of benefit to the guy who’s trying to enact it. The same guy convicted of deceit and fraud, for bilking the medicare and medicaid system for over a billion dollars when he was in Texas.
I don’t know who’s more sad and pathetic… Scott, or the people who stick up for him simply because he put an (R) after his name.
February 26th, 2012 at 12:01 pm
Just because you Never heard the employees screaming does not make it right or constitutional.
So much for Small government conservatism.
There seems to be no depths the GOP will not sink when it comes to workers rights or the exploitation of the poor.
Especially if there is a special interest pay day attached.
February 26th, 2012 at 12:05 pm
The entire illegal drug policy in America is fatally flawed, it should be a health care issue not law enforcement issue. But then again it would be harder to fill our Privatized for profit prisons.
February 26th, 2012 at 12:14 pm
You need to spend money on this now? All state and county employees in safety sensitive positions are subject to drug testing. Waste of money in these hard times.
February 26th, 2012 at 12:39 pm
Democrats, who insisted the random, suspicionless, drug tests are illegal and an insult to state workers.
How about us in the private sector who are subject to the same terms as part of our employment? Is it any less insulting, degrading or baseless? No it’s not.
So what makes state workers so different from the rest of us?
And don’t answer unions folks.
You know that’s not it at all.
February 26th, 2012 at 1:55 pm
Well the truth is in part it is unions, but the private sector has been much more effective in lobbying against workers rights and dividing the American work force.
Bad policy in the public or private sector is still bad policy.
The decline of the American working class over the last 30 years can be directly tied to the decrease in union membership.
Too many people like to demonize Unions be they came into existence because of the oppression and exploitation American workers had to endure. They were hard fought for rights and should not be dismissed so readily.
This country should be proud of of its workers rights history.
All one needs to do is look. As corporate profits and CEO,s pay has risen 400 % the working men and women of this country continue to loose ground. As corporations out source jobs and off shore their corporate headquarters to avoid paying taxes,too many have proven time and again they are not good citizens and should be given no quarter.
Unfortunately GOP governors in states like Wisconsin and Ohio funded by the Koch Bros. are taking the destruction of the American working class to new levels.
So the real question is, when will working men and women in both the public and private sectors start working together for a better future for all American workers.
February 27th, 2012 at 1:23 am
Gimme the Dang Cup !! I have nothing to Fear.
But I want to make Sure MR Rick isnt making a Dime of of the tests. Which im sure he or one of his Relatives is. Like his wife!
February 27th, 2012 at 11:25 am
OK…..Only problem smoking a joint, on your time takes 30 days to leave, alcohol, 2~Days, Coke-2 Days, U see its the motaboli of the substances….like poppy seeds will and do come positive for opiates. Clean urines and big $$$, in back rooms at clinics get SWITCHED! People do these things and more. Rick Scott is a FOOL, to think he can control his “flock”, soon they will TURN, on him and say,”WTF” U DoRk?What have U done positive for Florida, no your EGO? (a view from out of FL.)Nicklas
February 27th, 2012 at 12:07 pm
The only reason Scott is so into drug testing is for the money to be made, period.
Again the tax payers of Florida will get gouged of there money to improve the profit of some insurance company that will donate a bunch of money to his reelection fund.If he was the least bit concerned for the people of this state he would be pushing for the medical use of marijuana and allow adults to make use of a gift that truly helps and has never caused a single death or illness.
If this were to happen some300,000,000 million dollars could be put to better use.Like schools instead of prisons.
But that would hurt the bottom line of the pharmaceutical,insurance and prisons for profit industries.So when they say this about safety call it like you see it(male bovine fecal matter).
<|endofexample|>
Postsaver
Featuring the best of today's web
News
Feedback
Privacy
All websites tagged "socialnetworks"
2009-09-20 -
BuddyPress, A Wordpress MU Based Social Network Platform
saved by roaken
2009-09-18 -
Visualizing Science & Tech Activity in Wikipedia | A Beautiful WWW
saved by marihoanasas
2009-09-14 -
Big B’s Blog Contributes 25% of BigAdda’ Traffic?
saved by luckystarpuppies
2009-09-09 -
Wie benutzt ihr Socialnetworks?
saved by stramaxxa
2009-09-07 -
Länkar för 9/08
saved by dsg35
2009-08-24 -
links for 2008-07-18
saved by behomeny
2009-08-24 -
Web Social Architecture: A Conceptual Map of the Social Web
saved by jobrosrockmysox
2009-08-23 -
links for 2008-05-15
saved by linooliveira
2009-08-23 -
links for 2008-09-01
saved by thaiyoshi
2009-08-23 -
links for 2008-09-13
saved by johnny72k
2009-08-21 -
Blonde 2.0 " Blog Archive " Top 10 Tips for Social Networking...
saved by smartchels
2009-08-21 -
StudiVZ in den USA derzeit unbrauchbar
saved by kingkida
2009-08-15 -
Los videos de mixplay, disponibles en facebook
saved by nabmfever
2009-08-04 -
[from paulb] The Dunbar Number as a Limit to Group Sizes
saved by Zed68
2009-07-20 -
McCain is Smarter than you think!
saved by cbaone
2009-07-20 -
links for 2008-05-14
saved by rzeiders
2009-07-19 -
[from masch] BuddyPress " A Wordpress MU Based Social Network...
saved by euetz
2009-07-17 -
Why Joost’s software failed - and why the site won’t do better.
saved by OmarMarioLuigi
2009-07-15 -
Blogparade: Wie benutzt ihr Socialnetworks?
saved by FoRTu
2009-07-12 -
links for 2008-08-25
saved by guitar90
2009-07-11 -
Links for 2008 09 08
saved by wangingproductions
2009-07-11 -
links for 2008-09-23
saved by michaelallroy
2009-07-09 -
Location-based Mobile Social Networking Revenues: $3.3 Billion by 2013
saved by pdip
2009-07-09 -
Your Social Media Score - ATL
saved by ytask
2009-07-01 -
links for 2008-09-15
saved by olgakay
2009-06-29 -
Beat Blogging: Facebook and other social networks can help speed up...
saved by joey0028
2009-06-28 -
Jump In #35: Regan Cunliffe from Throng.co.nz
saved by fredhersch
2009-06-18 -
links for 2008-09-22
saved by zina
2009-06-17 -
das web2.0 durcheinander
saved by ILOVEDEGRASSI4EVA164
2009-06-11 -
Mobile Socialnetworks
saved by PrettyColors210
2009-06-10 -
Redes Sociales en Internet
saved by TheAjentJ
2009-06-10 -
Wie benutzt ihr Socialnetworks?
saved by thankrueger
2009-06-08 -
links for 2008-09-05
saved by xXxduhxXx
2009-06-06 -
links for 2008-09-04
saved by gerber2022
2009-06-04 -
links for 2008-08-30
saved by whitearrow
2009-06-04 -
links for 2008-07-19
saved by ogradin
2009-05-21 -
Blogparade: Wie benutzt ihr Socialnetworks?
saved by jsh177
2009-05-19 -
Online ID … What’s in a name?
saved by KiwieQ
2009-05-12 -
links for 2008-09-07
saved by GangsterBarbie07
2009-05-11 -
Job referral survey
saved by undrmythum
2009-05-11 -
links for 2008-08-15
saved by nascream79
2009-05-08 -
links for 2008-04-18
saved by ATATUA
2009-04-27 -
links for 2008-08-20
saved by mrwilliams
2009-04-27 -
Who are Investors Going to Sell Homes to Now?
saved by DavidMeta
2009-04-23 -
Using Facebook to Learn
saved by lkurisaki
|
Login to your account above, or create a new account.
Other tags
fta
christ
llc
educatin
<|endofexample|>
How to Freeze Beans and avoid BPA
Canned products are usually lined with BPA-a product known to cause cancer, birth defects, miscarriages, obesity, and insulin resistance, which can lead to Type II diabetes. I have decided to quit buying anything that comes in a can. This means no more canned beans.
Instead, I have fun with dried beans. I set aside a few hours in a day and call it my “Bean-Fest”. I put on Salsa music, grab a spicy apron and get to work.
Every burner and large pot that I have on hand is utilized, cooking legumes of every shape and size.
I follow the basic instructions in my cookbook on how to cook beans, but I cut out the salt and cut down the cooking time by 33%. Meaning, if it tells me to cook the beans for 1 1/2 hours-I only cook them for an hour, or just until they can be forcefully squished with a fork. You want the beans to be a little tough.
After draining the beans, I divide them in half, leaving half in the pot and the other half in the lid, allowing them to cool down. I also stir the beans from time to time to release the captured heat.
You could transfer them to another dish to cool faster, but since I don’t want to wash another dish-I opt for the above method.
Once the beans are cool, I measure out 2 or 3 cup increments into ziplock bags, depending upon how I use the beans and toss them in the freezer.
I measure 3 cups for my garbanzos in order to be ready to make my Hummus Among Us Recipe.
I measure out 2 cups for my red and black beans for salads or to accompany rice meals.
In order to use the beans, I allow them to thaw in the refrigerator for a good day before they are needed.
Voila! Ready-at-the-helm beans without an infestation of BPA. Kind of a win-win for very little work.
Linking up here, along with other parties:
Between Naps on the Front Porch
<|endofexample|>
.
- Sunbrella® cushions and slipcovers are special order items which receive delivery in 3-4 weeks. Please click on the shipping tab for shipping and return).
<|endofexample|>
Roll Over Image to Zoom
Harper Nursery Bedding Collection
$19.00 – $99.00 sale $11.99 – $99.00
Average Rating 3.6 out of 5 Read 19 Reviews Write a Review; Oeko-Tex certified.
- Bumper is filled with plush polyester.
-.
Also in this Collection
Harper Chevron Nursery Bedding Set
Nursery Quilt Bedding Set: Chevron Crib Fitted Sheet, Toddler Quilt & Crib Skirt
Please Select Color:
$177.00 special $164.00
Personalize this item
$177.00 special $164.00
Harper Mini Dot Nursery Bedding Set
Nursery Quilt Bedding Set: Mini Dot Crib Fitted Sheet, Toddler Quilt & Crib Skirt
Please Select Color:
$164.00 – $177.00 special $164.00
Personalization options available for select products
$164.00 – $177.00 special $164.00
Crib Waterproof Mattress Pad
Waterproof Mattress Protector
$39.00
<|endofexample|>
Pink Harper Tote
$49.50
Pink Harper Tote
Free Shipping
$49.50
Personalize this item.
- Comes with a changing pad that rolls up neatly and secures with a Velcro closure.
- Personalization is available for an additional $7.00.
Details
- Overall: 12" wide x 6" deep x 14" high
- Interior: 11.5" wide x 5.5" deep x 13.5" high
- Changing Pad: 22" wide x 14.75" deep
Care
- Wipe clean with a slightly damp cloth.
- Please allow 5-7 business days for delivery. Delivery estimate includes monogrammed and gift-wrapped items.
<|endofexample|>
Geo-CacheOur Mountain Manager, Sam Williams, has put together a Geo-Cache for Powderhorn!
"Geocaching is an outdoor recreational activity, first played in May 2000, in which the participants use a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver or mobile device and other navigational techniques to hide and seek containers, called "geocaches" or "caches", anywhere in the world.
Don't know what a Geo-Cache is? Here is a Wikipedia definition: shares many aspects with benchmarking, trigpointing, orienteering, treasure-hunting, letterboxing, andwaymarking."
This Geo-Cache is a 4-stage Multi Cache that will take adventurers from Top to Bottom, East to West, on Powderhorn's Slopes!
To start, they need to find these coordinates: N39 04.006 W108 09.030.
Here is the first clue: Alongside Magic, you are in the trees. Keep an eye out for the “Sly Guy” on your right.
The following clues will be at the next caches. The first person to have completed this journey, and have the location of the final Cache verified by Sam Williams, will win a Prize!
Spread the word, and happy Geo-Caching!
Powderhorn Beacon Training ParkWe are proud to offer our first beacon training park this year! This is a great opportunity to learn from our Ski Patrol how to safely use a Beacon.
Open
10am-2pm Daily
More information and Beacons available at the top of the Take Four Quad Lift, in the Ski Patrol Building.
Sponsored by:
Powderhorn Mountain Resort, REI, Summit Canyon Mountaineering, and Powderhorn Sports
<|endofexample|>
ISBN13: 9780231123402
ISBN10: 023112340x Condition: All Product Details.
Biography » Historical
Biography » Royalty
Engineering » Engineering » History
History and Social Science » Asia » Japan » Modern 1868 to 1945
History and Social Science » World History » Asia » General
History and Social Science » World History » Japan
<|endofexample|>
.
2 November 1940June 1941 Loudmouth Jew ? 44
3 June 1941December 1941 Following Christians ? 83
4 January 1942February 1942 The Stump ? 122
5 March 1942June 1942 Never Before ? 153
6 May 1942June 1942 Their Country ? 204
7 June 1942October 1942 The Winchell Riots ? 237
8 October 1942 Bad Days ? 287
9 October 1942 Perpetual Fear ? 328
Postscript
Note to the Reader 364
A True Chronology of the Major Figures 365
Other Historical Figures in the Work 380
Some Documentation 385
<|endofexample|>
ISBN13: 9781400068067
ISBN10: 1400068061 Condition: Standard Dustjacket: Standard All Product Details..
Biography » General
Biography » Literary
Fiction and Poetry » Anthologies » General
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » A to Z
Humanities » Literary Criticism » General
<|endofexample|>
ISBN13: 9781573660969
ISBN10: 1573660965 Condition: All Product Details
Kate Bernheimer draws upon the motifs of traditional German, Russian and Yiddish folklore to shape Ketzia's bewildering adventures. The Complete Tales of Ketzia Gold embroiders a visionary realism in the manner of Doris Lessing and Clarice Lispector, making Bernheimer's story a rich tapestry, patterned after childhood longings and the luxuriant complexity of womanhood.
The Complete Tales of Ketzia Gold is a lavishly poetic novel that draws upon the motifs of traditional German, Russian and Yiddish folklore and fairy stories to recount the visionary obsessions of a passionate young woman.
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » A to Z
<|endofexample|>
Powells.com
»
PowellsBooks.Blog
»
Guests
»
The What-O-Sphere? the book or the blog: "I write about body image and self-acceptance." Everyone loves that line. Having a positive body image is so important for young girls! Self-acceptance is so important for all of us! It is a great thing you do, Ms. Harding! Just as they're about to nominate me for a humanitarian award (or, you know, at least walk away with a decent impression), they ask what the title of the book is. And then I have to say it: Lessons from the Fat-o-Sphere: Quit Dieting and Declare a Truce with Your Body.
Wait, the What-O-Sphere?
The very first working title of the book, of which I'm still inordinately fond, was Results Not Typical. But I say "inordinately" because pretty much no one else liked it, and our agent made us think of a new one before she'd send the proposal out. Title number two — which remains on the Australian edition — was Screw Inner Beauty. The idea there is that fat women, on the rare occasions when we're told not to hate ourselves, are inevitably encouraged to focus on our "inner beauty" — the logical corollary being that outer beauty is a lost cause, what with the revolting fat and all. Marianne and I aren't interested in helping women like themselves despite whatever fat they may be carrying; we're interested in helping women like their bodies at any size. But that, admittedly, is a little high-concept — "Screw Inner Beauty" sounds more like a book of fashion and make-up tips, right? So along comes another request to think up a new title. And after a bit more brainstorming, we heard that the publisher was superkeen on the word "fatosphere" (fun fact: it only got the hyphens to make the original cover design more readable), which we and our fellow body acceptance bloggers were using to describe our little corner of the internet. How did we feel about Notes/Dispatches/Lessons from the Fatosphere?
"We can't use the word 'fat,'" I said. "The women who need this book most would be mortified to buy a book with the word 'fat' in the title. And certainly, nobody's going to buy it as a gift — 'Hey, I got you this because you're fat!'" Not so long ago, even I hesitated to take a copy of Wendy Shanker's The Fat Girl's Guide to Life up to the counter at a bookstore. The last thing on earth the average fat woman wants to do is draw attention to the size of her body, even from a random cashier and only for the length of a quick transaction. I had a strong gut feeling that that title would threaten sales, for the very reasons why we needed to write the book in the first place. But I got outvoted and, in the interest of not being a pain in everyone else's butt, shut up about it.
Was it the right call not to fight harder for a non-fat title? I'm still not sure, honestly. I mean, not being a pain in everyone else's butt is, generally speaking, a wise career move. I used to work in publishing and made a vow to myself 10 years ago that, if I ever made it to the other side, I would not be that whiny, clueless author who throws a tantrum over a title change or the cover art or the editing of my oh-so-precious words; I would trust the experienced professionals to do right by my book, recognizing that they'd worked just as hard as I had and wanted it to sell just as badly. And speaking of those professionals, it was pointed out to me that our fellow Penguin Group author Jen Lancaster has sure done all right for herself with titles that include the words "fat" and "big ass." (Of course, there is the whole "she's Jen Effin' Lancaster" factor working in her favor.) But I still can't help thinking of all the women who feel like I did just a few years ago, who might pick up a copy of the book in a store and take a surreptitious glance at the back cover copy or table of contents, then put it right back, too embarrassed by the thought of paying for a book with the word "fat" on the cover. Thinking about those women breaks my heart — not just because I want their money, but because I want them not to be so ashamed of that stupid little word, so controlled by it. We give it a power it actually doesn't have. Which is exactly why Marianne and I wrote the book.
Also, I do want their money. There's that. Yippee for online booksellers!
÷ ÷ ÷
Kate Harding founded Kate Harding's Shapely Prose, a blog about body acceptance and the treatment of fat people in the media.
Marianne Kirby is dedicated to body politics and fat acceptance. She is co-moderator of the Livejournal community Fatshionista, which has more than 2,500 members.
I rather like the title and cover art of "Screw Inner Beauty"... Are whiny fans protecting your (plural) precious authorial visions allowed?
IMO, having the word "fat" right there on the cover is an important step toward ending the shame. My guess is that, for every woman who is reluctant to buy a book with "fat" in the title, there are at least two who know darn well they're fat, want to stop feeling ashamed about it, and will be more likely to buy the book because it doesn't euphemize.
Good old Kate Harding, she's nothing if not predictable. In the very first paragraph of this shameless plug - oops, I mean "article" - she includes links to, not only her book, but also her blog, a recent essay and - just in case you want a different edition of her book - the Australian edition!
Yes folks, this is the same Kate Harding who gave her book a five-star review right here on powells.com.
And the very same Kate Harding who asked her blog readers to mark "troll comments" [ie anyone who disagrees with her]on another online bookseller "not helpful", "so they get moved down the page".
It must be hard work making a living out of being fat.
I think it's great that the word fat is on the cover, although I do understand your reluctance to use it. But I believe having the word fat right there on the cover is a great way to publicly take back the word and rid it of its negative connotations.
Right on, Kate. I understand very much the trepidation to put the word "fat" right there on the cover, but if we're going to accept the very existence of fat, and ourselves as fat people, then it's the first thing to put out there. It's a bit like dressing to pretend like we're not fat: there's not a dress, a cardigan, a pair of pants on earth that will disguise fat and trick others into believing that the fat isn't there, but by God, we're supposed to try our hardest. Part of accepting my fat has been trying to dress for my own comfort, for a bit of style, and not worry that people can see my fat. They're going to see it whether or not I wear a muu-muu or a well-fitting shirt, so I might as well wear what looks great. Same with the book: put "fat" right out there and let the content speak for itself. I'm glad you trusted your editor on the title!
Having said that... though I fully intend to order it from my workplace, I do worry about the guys who work in product-receiving seeing the book, putting my name on it, and connecting me with it... like I worried when I would order exercise DVDs (I like to work out; I dislike titles that end in "away the pounds" or "off the inches", implying the only reason to exercise is soley to lose weight). Not that they would make fun of me to my face, but I fear behind-my-back giggles. Going back to my first paragraph, though, it's not like I've tricked them into believing I'm skinny, so what could the harm be?
Sorry for the novel...! Thanks for the book and your website and all of the work that you do. I appreciate it very much!
Hi, Kate --
Jill from B@B here. I've started describing myself as "fat" around my workplace, and it freaks people out. "You're not fat," they say -- as if they think it's what I want to hear. For all that I'm still scared to go to a doctor because I don't want to be told to go on a diet that's guaranteed to fail within 5 years, I'm finding that being able to use the word "fat" as a descriptor feels like a 20-lb. weight lifted off my shoulders. Maybe that's the easiest way for us fat women to lose weight -- just get rid of that anvil of shame.
I continue to be baffled by folks who don't understand that when one publishes a book, one usually hopes to sell copies of it. Or that when one publishes things on public blogs, she is not generally ashamed when other people try to "out" her as having published those things... publicly. (Encouraging your existing readership to help support a book? THE NERVE. Why, it's almost as though you're promoting a product! How unseemly!)
Aaanyway. Thrilled to hear everyone else's thoughts on using the word "fat" on the cover. I do think it is part of the ongoing reclamation of the word, and I really hope it can ultimately be helpful in that respect.
So, Susan thinks you should: A) not try to help readers find your book; B) not rate your book highly (presumably you submitted a manuscript you didn't actually think was good...?); and C) not defend the culture of your OWN blog. I wonder, if you made your living as, say, a financial advisor, would she feel the need to denigrate your making a living off finance? And finally, her life is so small that she has time to worry about these things and feel she must spend time sending out her message to the world? Sad.
By the way, I recently got a new doctor, and at one point in our first meeting, I said, "I suppose I should lose some weight," (you know, the old preemptive strike), to which she replied, "Well, there may not be a lot you can do about that." !!! Keep up the good work, the word IS getting out there!
Of course I appreciate that authors need to promote their work. But Kate Harding is the only author I know of who has (a) given her own book a five-star review on an online bookseller or (b) asked her blog readers to mark "troll comments" on another online bookseller "not helpful", "so they get moved down the page".
Perhaps, despite having reclaimed the word "fat" she's not as confident as she would have her readers believe?
Susan, I suspect you are dead wrong about Kate being the only author you know to give her own book a five-star review. She's just the only one you know who openly identified herself. It's common book industry knowledge that many, many, MANY authors give themselves five-star reviews under assumed identities (in fact, there was an expose a few years back when some Amazon code got mucked up and the authors' identities were accidentally exposed).
Personally, I give her props for being up-front about it.
If you ever publish a book, Susan, I have a feeling Kate's actions are going to make a lot more sense to you. Try to imagine how "troll" comments feel when just anyone can pop in and take five minutes to tear down weeks/months/years of your hard work without thinking, or even reading it.
Otto Vox - thanks for your comment. I was unaware of the "common book industry knowledge" about authors giving themselves five-star reviews under assumed identities.
Still, that doesn't mean I would give Kate props for being upfront about posting her own five-star review here.
Her actions on "trolls", and your comments, only reinforce my initial impression that "Lessons From the Fat-o-Sphere" is intended for Kate's online readership. Bullying tactics won't endear her to a broader audience, or recruit more members to the Fat Acceptance movement.
Gosh Susan, I hate to quibble with you, but from where I stand it looks like Kate is already doing a fabulous job of endearing her viewpoint to a larger audience. I discovered Fat Acceptance through her blog, and in the few months since I discovered it, I've linked it to dozens of friends, as well as bought 3 copies of her book (one for myself and two as gifts). I haven't heard a single negative thing about the book, blog, or Kate herself from any of those people.
Susan, I don't think Kate has ever asked that people mark negative reviews as 'unhelpful'. Instead, she asked that people mark reviews which are full of patently false information, or hateful reviews from people who have clearly NEVER READ the book.
Not to speak for Kate, but I don't think at all that she's speaking of reviews which say: 'Y'know, I read this, and I was disappointed. I was hoping for more of X and less of Y, and I thought the chatty writing style was off-putting, and blah blah thoughtful commentary/criticism'.
No, she's talking about: "I haven't read this, but fatties are all going to die!!1! and all the doctors at my hospital agree with me!" For example.
(P.S., I loved the chatty writing style, this was just an example. <3.)
I for one was thrilled to see the word fat in the cover. It is very interesting that people seem very uncomfortable when I use that word (and BTW, I loved the original title Results Not Typical. LOL.)
I too have had coworkers correct me, "you're not fat!" when I am far and away very fat. "Yes I am, and it's okay," I tell people. They seem surprised, but sort of relieved too.
Susan, trolls post messages that are intended to disrupt, misrepresent, inflame or simply insult others trying to meaningfully discuss a topic. Kind of like your comments. Legitimate reviews are always welcome. It's so sad that you find such pleasure in ripping down others. I feel sorry for you, truly.
Farfalla & Sticky - from my reading of "Shapely Prose", I have the impression that anyone who disagrees with Kate's world-view is automatically labelled as either a "troll" or a "douchehound". I think she's peeved that she can't delete negative comments from forums like this one.
Perhaps you missed her blog post on 6 May where she wrote: "Powell’s is especially trolly right now, and I’ve already corresponded with a director there, who said (totally reasonably) that deleting even the worst ones would probably draw more negative attention and cause more trouble than it’s worth." That doesn't sound like legitimate reviews are always welcome.
Susan, the definition of a troll "is someone who posts controversial, inflammatory, irrelevant or off-topic messages in an online community, such as an online discussion forum or chat room, with the primary intent of provoking other users into an emotional response or to generally disrupt normal on-topic discussion." according to Wiki. And all Kate requested was that people mark down true "troll" comments. Unless you think she has some sort of secret code she sent only to her loyal readers, then you need to just DROP this stupid accusation you keep bringing up. Troll comments add NOTHING to discussion, and are totally obnoxious on a book review site, where the purpose is to rate the book, not spout off your own feelings on things you ASSUME are in the book. Considering how much people hate fat people and fat acceptance, I think it's perfectly reasonably to ask her blog community to help her monitor the disingenuous "ratings" the book gets NOT from people who simply did not like the book, but from true trolls. DROP IT.
It is wrong for the author to encourage her blog readers to write positive reviews and to suggest that a negative review is a 'troll' whom should be degraded by negative comments.
Book reviews should be objective. People expect to see objective reviews, not a subjective campaign by a small group with polarized views on an echo chamber blog.
I read the book, and thought her comments on lack of correlation between health and obesity were absurd.
American obesity has skyrocketed in the last 20 years. Visit Europe and notice the obvious difference in size. Is this due to genetics? Sorry, genetics don't change in 200 years.
What has changed is portion size, lack of exercise, and poor choices. Yes, you may have a fat mother, father, aunt, etc however this is due to lifestyle, not your genes.
SHE NEVER SAID TO MARK DOWN NEGATIVE REVIEWS! Kate merely wanted pointless, inflamatory, NON REVIEWS (ie just there to argue, didn't READ THE BOOK) to be marked down. As they should be. "Reviews" by people that didn't read the book, or don't even discuss the book, are NOT REVIEWS, and shouldn't be in a ratings system. Why is this so hard for people to grasp?
While the term 'troll' has been well defined here, the author's blog definition is quite broader.
Anyone who has an opposing viewpoint is deemed a troll or a dou....bag. As such, the author's blog is indeed quite polarized.
This type of filtering creates a concentration where readers only expose themselves to views they already believe. The result is less opportunity to hear and understand dissent, which is a critical element of good decision making.
Incidentally, I came to Kate's blog AFTER reading the book, so if it was "written for her online membership," it worked in reverse for me. I now read her blog because I read her book.
vgnvxn - You are quite right in that Kate never explicitly asked her reeaders to mark down negative reviews. But on 6 May she did ask her readers to:
'2) Mark troll comments “not helpful,” so they get moved down the page.'
And as SNd has quite rightly pointed out, in Kate's view, *anyone* who disagrees with her is deemed a troll or a douchebag. And that includes people who have read her book and have legitimate criticisms of it. As I mentioned earlier, Kate's bullying tactics may work on her own blog, but they don't work too well on open forums like this one.
vgnxn - I don't accept that Kate's tactics are legitimate "considering how much people hate fat people and fat acceptance". If her arguments had any real merit, they would stand up to criticism, and there would be no need for online bullying.
I don't understand why people feel the need to keep making completely false statements about the stupid request to flag troll comments (which should be done for any book review).
SNd, you are lying. There is nowhere you can point to on Kate's blog where she ever says or even implies that people disagreeing with her makes them a troll.
In fact, on her comment policy she actually writes: "Polite disagreement doesn’t piss me off. Bullying does."
The only people who usually complain that they are being banned for "disagreeing" at ANY blog are usually trolls, or people too wrapped up in their own privilege to ever step down from their high horse and examine their statements.
Kate merely wrote "2) Mark troll comments “not helpful,” so they get moved down the page." Because... troll comments aren't helpful! Duh!
Susan, if you want to make up imaginary battle in your head, that's fine, just realize that they're only in your head. Troll comments are "unhelpful" anywhere, especially in a book review, never has Kate told people that troll= mere disagreement. You and SNd have yet to provide a scrap of evidence that Kate considers trolls to be people who merely disagree. In fact, I have proven that she feels the opposite. You're obviously arguing with bad faith, and I'm pretty confident that everyone else can see that but you.
vgnvxn - Actually, Kate usually describes people who disagree with her at Shapely Prose as "douchehounds" rather than trolls. For evidence, see any thread over there in which there is disagreement.
she usually describes people who are being douches as douchehounds. Trolls and douchehounds are not the same.
Actually, she only marks people as douchehounds (and since when is "douche" a dirty word that needs to be censored?) when they ignore the basic rights and/or dignity of human beings, or make comments which contain hate, bigotry, or other assumption that people are objects. The only reason I can think of for your claim otherwise is if you're piqued at one of your own comments being moderated. Perhaps instead of this rather pointless discussion you should examine why the comment was moderated. Was is actual useful discussion based on factual information, or was it fat-hate rhetoric established by the diet industry?
The author's blog restricts nearly all opposing opinion, and takes an aggressive stance against opposition. As mentioned above, dissent is a critical part of objective discussion. Dissent does not equal 'troll' or 'douchebag'.
This aggression is associated with 'seeking power' from a group mentality, which is understandable. It does, however, create an echo chamber which ultimately is negative socially (and in this case, health-wise since the absurd hypothesis that obesity and health are not realted).
BTW, if your doctor doesn't agree with this hypothesis, then find another one. This is unhealthy, but in an echo chamber nobody realizes this.
What a great comment, SNd! [Applauds wildly]
vgnvxn - You haven't responded to my comment above where I quoted Kate's blog post about asking this site to delete "trolly" [negative] reviews of her book. And this is the same woman who writes "Polite disagreement doesn’t piss me off. Bullying does."
Susan, By inserting the [negative] into the above comment, you are changing the meaning of the quote. You should be more cautious is assigning words to people who did not say them. Troll comments (as defined above by many others) are not just negative reviews, they're people who don't bother reading the book and yet still try to post nasty, bigoted comments about it or the authors. They are not helpful to anyone actually seeking to read the book, and in fact are actively misleading. Why should they clutter up the comments/reviews section? I fail to see how your claims (of what I'm not even sure anymore) have anything to do with this blog. Are you trying to accuse the author of self-promotion? Are you trying to suggest that self-promotion is somehow a bad thing? Or is it the actual premise of the book that offends you somehow? If the latter, then the discussion would be much better served if you would actually produce some sort of rational list of points of disagreement so that the discussion could proceed.
Wow, this thread got big while I wasn't looking!
No, I don't think anyone who disagrees with me is a "troll." However, people who refuse to engage sincerely and respectfully often argue that I'm quashing all criticism and disagreement, as opposed to kicking out people who can't behave like grown-ups. I can't really do anything about that other than shrug.
Having said that, expecting me to host a debate about the merits of fat acceptance on my blog is to fundamentally misunderstand what I'm doing there. I'm not objective and don't claim to be. It is my subjective opinion, based in part on a great deal of objective evidence, that fat acceptance and Health At Every Size are preferable to self-hatred and dieting. That's obvious in pretty much everything I write on the blog -- as you've both noted, SNd and Susan -- yet you're acting as though I try to hide that. Or as though I should be ashamed of having an opinion and writing about it, and documenting many of the things that led me to that opinion, and then -- gasp! -- letting people read that opinion without offering daily reminders that HEY GUYS, THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO DON'T AGREE WITH ME.
We also aim to make the blog a relatively safe space for people who have long been harassed and tormented about the size of their bodies, which means cracking down on commenters who just want to do more of that. We're an anti-diet zone, so we crack down on people who want to talk about deliberate weight loss. And we're fat acceptance bloggers, so we're not interested in having the exact same discussion about how fat is unhealthy and gross 80 gazillion times. This is not censorship or silencing. This is setting our own boundaries, on our own blog. If you want to discuss why weight loss is good and fat is bad, you can go to many, many other locations on the internet to do so. You can start your own blog and argue every day about why I'm wrong, and build your own readership for that. You just can't, as they say, come into my living room and piss on the rug.
Also, SNd, if you think book reviews -- on an online bookseller's site, The New York Times, wherever -- are meant to be objective, I don't really know what to tell you. The whole point of a review is to offer an opinion. It's one person's subjective response. On a site like this, you can get numerous people's subjective responses and decide for yourself whether it sounds like a book worth reading, which is terrific. But the comments I referred to as "trolly" were the ones that said flat out (I paraphrase), "I haven't read the book, but it's a load of crap." The one, and only one, I contacted Powell's about, said something along the lines of "they offer no evidence to support their claims," which is patently untrue. You might not find the evidence compelling, but it's there, and it's footnoted. Disliking a book is one thing; lying about it is another. But as I said on the blog, I found Powell's argument against deleting blatant misinformation completely reasonable, so I didn't push it.
As for the self-promotion stuff, are you KIDDING ME with "authors don't give their books 5 stars"? Again, I think the problem here is assuming there's even a pretense of objectivity and/or randomness where there is none. Reviews on a site like this are no more objectively truthful than online polls. They're subjective opinions, often offered anonymously, and they're ultimately worth exactly what you paid for them. If this were some scientifically valid random sampling of average American book buyers' reactions to LFTF, you wouldn't end up with lots of "book reviews" by people who haven't read the book, any more than lots of reviews from the authors' existing fans, or the authors themselves.( Unlike a lot of the people who gave the book one star, at least I actually read it.) Asking people who read the book, enjoyed it, and have expressed a desire to help promote it to post positive reviews, or rate the ones from people who haven't read it "unhelpful," is not some unethical attempt to game the system -- and it's certainly not like I'm being furtive about it, so I really don't get this "A-ha! I've found her out!" vibe. It's pretty basic self-promotional stuff, and believe me, a lot of authors are doing it, whether they're transparent about it or not.
Hey, are you ready to have your mind blown? You know those endorsements you see on book covers? They're usually from the author's personal friends, former mentors, etc., not strangers who were so moved by a random manuscript, they just had to offer a glowing quote. (Our case is actually pretty rare in that three of the blurbers weren't people we'd ever met, and only two were friends.) Blurbs don't exist to offer objective information to potential buyers, they exist to sell books. Reviews don't exist to offer objective assessments but subjective opinions -- and it's up to the reader to evaluate the reviewer's credibility and taste. (When I put my name on a 5-star review, I'm pretty sure most people can safely assume I'm biased and factor that in.) And a whole lot of blogs, including mine, don't exist solely to provide objective information to the public, but to do whatever the heck the blog-owner wants them to do. I'm pretty transparent about what I'm doing with Shapely Prose -- so it's one thing if you don't approve, but quite another to suggest I'm being disingenuous.
I'm a fervent believer in body acceptance and Health at Every Size. I run a blog where diet talk is not permitted and fools are not suffered. I co-wrote a book that I sincerely hope will help readers learn to like their bodies more, no matter what size they are. And boy howdy, I want to sell as many copies of that book as possible. All of these things have been out in the open for quite some time. You want to say I've created an echo chamber, or I'm promoting dangerous ideas, hey, go nuts. (I may or may not bother arguing with you.) But if your primary argument is that I'm not sufficiently objective in arenas where objectivity is neither required nor expected by reasonable people? You might want to rethink it.
Oh, and you know what? I will totally give you one point Susan: This post really is especially advertorial, even for an unapologetic self-promoter. Part of that's due to everything explained above, and part of it's due to this being my introductory post here; introducing myself often involves mentioning my blog, the book, and Fat 101 stuff I've written about a million times. (Also, I don't know if you noticed, but this blog belongs to a bookseller -- turns out my hosts have a vested interest in promoting book sales, too.) But I will grant that this post was seriously heavy on the self-links, to an arguably gauche extent. For the record, my second post, which speaks only of books I didn't write, just went up.
Susan, first of all, i posted the SAME thing in my remark to you about Kate's quote on "trolly" comments, so I don't really know what you want me to say about it. you YOURSELF said "Actually, Kate usually describes people who disagree with her at Shapely Prose as "douchehounds" rather than trolls. "
Kate never said to delete douchey comments, only trolls! And you yourself just said people who disagree are douches. So.. you just disproved your own point. Why are you here again? Against authors wanting their books to have fair reviews?
Kate, my point about subjectivity vs. objectivety was related to the expectation that book reviews are from a normal distribution of society. Self promoting positive reviews from your blog readership distorts this assumption.
I agree that reviews are inherently subjective. My point was that the sampling was not random, it was overwhelmed by your blog readers, which them distorts the overall impression people expect to see.
When I read reviews, I'm assuming a standard distribution - not a distorted view based on a dedicated campaign to promote.
From this perspective, I think your self promotion was somewhat unethical. Just my opinion.
You might want to brush up on your data analysis skills if you think that online polling ever appropriately matches anything near a standard distribution. It's not quite the scientific method you were hoping it to be.
I'd like to make three points.
1) On Kate's blog on 6 May she wrote: "Powell’s is especially trolly right now, and I’ve already corresponded with a director there, who said (totally reasonably) that deleting even the worst ones would probably draw more negative attention and cause more trouble than it’s worth." Note the reference to "worst ones" (plural). Yet Kate has just posted that she contacted Powell's about deleting "one, and only one" review. So Kate, did you ask this site to delete one negative review or more?
2) Kate is defending her five-star review of her own book because - hey! - she thinks it's a good book! I'm sure she is her own biggest fan, but perhaps she hasn't noticed that this site offers an option to provide a non-star review, which I think is a better option for an author to respond to comments or criticism.
3) I agree with SNd's point about the "distorted view based on a dedicated campaign to promote" this book. As I mentioned above, I think if the arguments in LFTF had any real merit, they would stand up to criticism, and there would be no need for Kate's disciples to swoop down on her critics, as they are doing here. The level of defensiveness displayed here makes me think that Fat Acceptance promoters aren't very confident about their belief system.
Regarding book reviews:
As someone who writes professional book reviews, I wish to heaven that we could come up with a different noun for the knee-jerk blurb-y snippets that pass for "reviews" on bookstore websites. The only similarity they bear to a real book review is that they have something to do with a book.
SNd was right -- a REAL book review must be thorough, fair minded, and professional. Needless to say, this is not true of the "reviews" featured on bookstore websites. To conflate the two types of "review" is deeply, DEEPLY mistaken. Their intent and their thoroughness (and frequently the quality of writing) are light-years apart. Each has their value, of course, but they are very different things.
I fear that careful, professional reviews will soon be seen as merely wordier, high-brow versions of the bookstore blurbs if people continue to conflate them. Please don't tar them with the same brush. I work hard on my professional writing, and I don't want to see its value denigrated.
I'd imagine most first-time authors get the majority of their first big push from friends, family and social networks, meaning people who generally think at least somewhat the same. Personally if I ever publish I expect my first dozen or so reviews to come from the friends and family I've shoved copies at. When an author emerges from a grassroots movement you have to expect the people who are most excited about the subject to be the first to review, which starts the chatter necessary to move the book into mainstream markets. But these really are real people reviewing the book. It would only be unethical if the author posted reviews under multiple pseudonyms to make it look like people were reading it. In this case, people are reading it, loving it, and reviewing it. If that's a problem for you, then give copies to your friends to read and review. Maybe you'll be surprised.
As a book reviewer -- that's right, I get paid to do it -- I have to say, SNd, that if you believe book reviews usually are NOT "based on a dedicated campaign to promote," I've got a nice bridge you might want to buy. Publishers send me advance copies of their books to read specifically because it is part of a dedicated campaign to promote the book. They are not trying to help me be well-read, hoping to gift the world with new insight, or trying to spark objective discussion, even though those things may happen. They are trying to sell books by promoting them with a dedicated campaign.
American obesity has skyrocketed in the last 20 years. Visit Europe and notice the obvious difference in size. Is this due to genetics? Sorry, genetics don't change in 200 years.
You know one really cool thing about being a scientist is when you get to witness how false some facts that "everybody knows" can be when you try to find evidence of such assertions. You just dropped three of my faves!
For example, for you to be able to say that obesity has skyrocketed in the 20 years, we would need a constant, consistent measure of obesity, and that hasn't existed.
Your observations of supposedly thin Europe? Visit just one or two countries, most likely major cities, throw in some classic confirmation bias and I could see why you think that. Alternatively, there are many societal-level differences between the U.S. and Europe that could explain varying rates, like longer vacations and better healthcare, and only a small fraction have to do with individual personal choices.
And third, your statement of genetics is absolutely wrong. The most reliable genetic study I have seen demonstrate fat as being around 77% heritable. That, if you haven't studied evolutionary genetics is a really high rate of heredity to get by looking at inheritance of traits in populations.
In addition genes CAN change with every generation. Not every change results in a new phenotype, but genes can also be turned on and off with environmental cues that have nothing to do with personal choices, aka epigenetics and phenotypic plasticity. For example:
There is a whole bunch more info I could throw up here, but what is the point? Is all the info out there in favor of one thing or another? No, I would say the data isn't conclusive. But I think Kate and Mariannes's book do a good job of touching on some of the issues with messages we get about fat, it's supposed causes and how we define health.
I mean really, after seeing this thread I totally understand why Kate has created the comment policy that she has over at Shapely Prose. Trust me, anyone who doesn't live in a cave has heard the drone of how supposedly fat is a moral failing and the "obesity epidemic" is going to kill us all. That Kate and readers of her blog would want to not rehash the same tired, biased arguments is a good thing.
Yeah, SNd, I think that assumption that you'll get anything close to a representative sampling of the population in a forum for voluntary reviews is really misguided. For starters, the kind of people who are motivated to do a review will usually be either those who love it or hate it -- there might be thousands of people out there who thought the book was pretty OK, or not awful but not that great, but they don't care enough to bother commenting. And just as I can say, "Hey, readers, if you're so inclined, drop by the Powell's site," someone who has an axe to grind regarding me or Marianne or fat acceptance can just as easily steer a bunch of hostile reviewers over here. As I said in comments on the book page, we devote a whole chapter to encouraging people to think critically about what they read. I think if you give the nature of this forum a bit of serious thought, you'll realize that your expectation was unrealistic.
So Kate, did you ask this site to delete one negative review or more?
One. The response from the Powell's director spoke more generally about negative comments, hence the plural.
OMG, how did this descend into bickering about what is and is not a real book review? I respect that there is a big difference between a professional review and a personal reaction posted on a bookseller's website. However, the fact that this comment thread keeps getting bogged down in arguments over definitions (e.g., "what's trolling vs douchehounding?" "what's a real review?" "what's unacceptable bias vs understandably positive reaction from a fan?") is convincing me that people are coming here to throw anything negative they can at this book in the hope of drowning out its actual content and message.
To Seriously,
Are you denying that obesity has not increased in 20 years? If so, you are truly showing your colors. You don't need a scientific constant measure to prove something obvious. This is pure denail.
I agree with Standish. I lived 30 km outside Brussels for 10 years, and traveled EU cities and countryside. There is a tremendous difference in obesity versus North America. Portion sizes are a fraction of here, people use bicycles for transportation, less fast food, more activity.
I support the Fat Acceptance effort relative to improving self esteem and eliminating discrimination, however the radical denial of some the arguements challenges this support.
Jo Ann - I have been remiss in not responding to your comment about Kate making a living from being fat. You said "I wonder, if you made your living as, say, a financial advisor, would she feel the need to denigrate your making a living off finance?"
I'm sure you're aware that in the fall-out from the global financial crisis, financial advisors don't have a great reputation right now, but whatever...
Financial advisors in my country need university qualifications, licensing from the national regulator, and, if they want to be competitive, professional accreditation which entails ongoing professional development. You don't need any qualifications or certification to make your living by being fat.
Hey SNd,
I hear "pure denail" gets you high, like pure oxygen. That's what I heard. But it's zero calories so you might like it.
Otto Vox - they're clearly huffing a lot of it out there in the Fat-o-Sphere.
For the record, Susan, I actually make my living as a writer. Which is, in fact, a discipline that doesn't demand any particular training or certification (though I happen to have the terminal degree in the field), so you've got me there. But again, I'm thinking the problem here is expectations that have no reasonable basis. Since I don't present myself as a medical professional, a nutritionist, or anything but a writer who's read widely on the subject of fat -- and a fat person with a lot of opinions and observations based on my lived experience -- it follows that I don't actually need any of those qualifications to co-write a book that incorporates my research, opinions, and observations.
It also follows that people should not look to this book for medical advice (beyond that to find a doctor who listens to you and treats you with respect), nutritional advice (beyond that to listen to your body, aim for balance, and seek professional help if you think you might have eating problems that go beyond the scope of a self-help book), or psychotherapy. Or, for that matter, pet care tips, knitting patterns, or bike repair instructions, which the book similarly does not offer. I have complete faith that the average reader is smart enough to distinguish between an M.D. and an M.F.A.
Count me among those who can't believe we're still having this conversation.
Yeah, Kate, "are you denying that obesity has not increased in the last 20 years?" Um, if one knows anything about double negatives,the answer to that would actually be YES. Which goes to show that apparently being a professional writer does take some skill.
Kate- Your writing is a lifesaver - and an eye opener. I'm buying the book as soon as my next pay check gets in. Your post about Devouring the World is so spot on.
actually SNd... as much as i hate the fact that bmi gets used as an indicator of health, it is the indicator currently used to determine if a person is obese. and has been for quite some time. of course the government did lower the bmi cut off point for obesity by two points in the late 90s. and wouldn't you know it? suddenly the number of obese people skyrocketd overnight. like magic.
so yes, i'd say a scientifically constant measument of who is and who is not obese IS pretty much needed in order to determine if your statement is in fact true.
and here's a fun little fact about statistics... misinterpreting them is the easiest thing in the world. the news is full of statements like "this food will make your risk of disease X drop by 30%" of course the number are more like 6.5% down to 6.3% and not considered statistically different. but hey, whatever helps you sleep at night.
I was somewhat interested in buying this book, being a fat lady medically proven to be healthier than her slender husband (much to the Dr.'s chagrin). I'm really, really tired of the pejorative view directed at me when he's got the invisible minefield going on, so I thought this book might be a nice change of pace.
The measured and well-written responses to what are freakishly pedantic commenters (don't these people have gyms to get to?) have pushed me over the edge. I'll be purchasing 2 copies, thank you for lighting a fire under me. I look forward to reading a thoughtful treatise on my predicament.
Firefey, are you suggesting over the last 20 years that obesity has not increased? If so, you are absolutely in denial, and somewhat blind. Like i said earlier, this claim tells us more about your position than delivers a credible denial to this absurdity.
Much kudos to Kate Harding for making more and more people believe in "fat" as being normal and ok. Unknowingly it was already happening for some time hence our nations kids and adults getting fatter by the year . Just Kate was intelligent enough to publish books and capitalize off it.
What was a person before they were obese? Fat or overweight whatever you want to call it but being fat was the level under that. To make people comfortable with being "fat" is like throwing more gas to the fire of a widespread epidemic many face daily. Fat is fine for a bear or other animal going into long hibernation, but not for the average sedentary human being.
kmbr - Good for you for being healthier than your slender husband what with his "invisible minefield" and all! And as soon as Kate's book arrives, you'll have the "data" and "evidence" to wave in his face. Kate and Marianne wrote "Lessons" just for people like you!
Firefey - the BMI is a straw man. The FA movement likes to rant about the Government lowering the BMI cut-off point for obesity, but that didn't affect the growing number of people at the upper end of the scale.
Good God, Susan, get a hobby or something. I can't believe how many posts you've made reciting the same boring things over and over and OVER. Okay, we GET IT. We read your posts, we get your posts, we understand your point of view. Posting another 10,000 times isn't likely to change anyone's opinion and really, don't you have anything else you could be doing?
I'm still waiting for SNd or Susan to present actual evidence. Stating an opinion is not evidence. Marianne and Kate present several scientific studies, CDC findings, etc. to back up their statements in the book and on their blogs. You can find many more on blogs specifically geared towards analyzing scientific research, like Junkfood Science. If you want to counter their evidence with your own credible sources without conflict of interest (i.e. a study from a company selling a weight loss drug is not evidence; it is advertising), then it could be called a discussion. Otherwise you're wasting everyone's time, including your own. Spouting rhetoric isn't going to convince anyone, nor is name calling. Holding on to the moral panic of the last twenty years concerning weight isn't a whole lot different than those who held on so firmly to the flat-earth theory once upon a time. Science changes, and while it may be uncomfortable for those who have built their personal paradigm around ideas that are becoming scientifically obsolete, all things do change.
I see JoGeek read the book and is spouting the same few tired arguements (weight loss drug capitalism distorting the facts). Reading tired answers from the same playbook. Yawn.
For a trend so obvious, no support required.
Pretty soon you're going to tell us Obesity isn't related to health, based on the 'scientific' evidence from the author (or a sample of one from kmbr). Rubbish.
Tell me how a 300lb woman's knees and joints are going to feel at 60. Is your body really designed to bear such wieght? Have your genes magically mutated to support this?
I guess JoGeek's knowledge that the beliefs of the anti-obesity camp are "becoming scientifically obsolete" was a great comfort when she decided to take up horse-riding and had to advertise on Craig's List for someone who keeps draft horses, because an ordinary horse wouldn't support her weight. I didn't make this up - see her blog "Unapologetically Fat" - March 3, 2008.
What Kate says about comments on her blog and what she does are two different things. While it's understandable that a fat acceptance blog wouldn't permit anit-fat acceptance posters, Kate's zero-tolerance policy on dissent extends to all subjects. For examples, read the comments section for her post on the arrest of Henry Louis Gates. Three people expressed disagreement with her. All three were polite and reasonable. One was banned, one was threatened with being banned (she subsequently apologized), and one was told she was only being allowed to stay because she's been a valuable contributor in the past (which I guess means she usually drinks Kate's Kool-Aid). Kate's fans were all happy to pile on the intruders who dared to disagree, resulting in a junior high school "mean girls" atmosphere. It's Kate's blog, so she has a right to ban whom she wants. What I object to is the lie - that she's OK with disagreement as long as people are polite. This is simply not the case. That said, Lessons from the Fat-O-Sphere is a good book. If you want to read it but don't want to put money in Kate's pocket, you can get it from your library.
As a successful dieter who has been labelled a douchehound and banned from Shapely Prose for daring to point out that I resent the "freak of nature" tag for maintaining a substantial weight loss for well over five years, I thank you for your comment, Maggie. Kate and her co-bloggers are bullies on their own turf, so it's hypocritical of her to state here that she is OK with disagreement.
As for "Lessons from the Fat-O-Sphere", my public library is very short on funds - I hardly think they would buy a book which is written for such a small niche.
Hey there, Susan. There are lots of fat models who make a living being fat. I'm not sure if it's hard work or not -- I bet it's harder than I think it is -- but I am sure they're pretty excited about it. I hope you get to make a living doing something you love while being yourself, too.
Susan:
Why would you or anyone else expect free access to another person's blog? Your constitutionally protected right of free expression does NOT extend to controlling the reaction to your speech by a private entity whose activities you have disrupted.
You are free to TRY to express yourself in a private space, but if your speech violates the explicitly stated purpose or policy of that space, you CAN'T be surprised when it results in your removal.
Now, there is one exception. If your removal was due to your being a member of a class that is federally protected against discrimination, you MIGHT have grounds to sue...
But, I hate to break it to you, being angry because you are prohibited from expressing yourself in a private space but still WANT to voice your opinions there does NOT itself make you a member of a protected class.
Another person's blog is a privately-run space therefore NO BLOG ANYWHERE OWES YOU A PODIUM. If you want to rant and rave, go out in the public street and try your luck. No really, GO, and I'll even give you a free soapbox to stand on. Your speech is constitutionally protected out THERE.
Good luck with your monomania and persecution complex. I hope you get the help you need.
Name *
<|endofexample|>
Welcome for visiting power-depot.com!
We have synergized with interbatteries.com to better serve you.
Please enjoy shopping with us! Thank you!
You will be automatically redirected to the new website in 26 seconds
or click here to enter the site directly.
Interbatteries Interbatteries:
Office hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Pacific Time, Monday - Friday.
<|endofexample|>
The Easy Search feature allows visitors to search all of our available criteria in just one search bar. You can search by category, model, keyword or part number all in the Easy Search bar!
The hard drives below are compatible with the INTEL Mac Minis.
All form fields are required.
<|endofexample|>
The Easy Search feature allows visitors to search all of our available criteria in just one search bar. You can search by category, model, keyword or part number all in the Easy Search bar!
Broken Apple Screen or Apple Display?
Replace your own Apple laptop screen or contact our repair center for our Powerbook, iBook, and Macbook screen repair options! Either option will save you hundreds of dollars compared to other companies.
All form fields are required.
<|endofexample|>
Item: #18445
Author: Delta
Price :
$140
Unique price :
$1100
Item: #18444
Price :
$145
Item: #18443
Ready to use and easy to use. Better than the others and cheaper than the others. Our CRE Loaded Templates are presented in many categories, colors and styles. If you one for your online store you can easily add, change and administer the items that you sell, upload product images, text descriptions, and graphics, process credit card payments, set up special pricing and more.
The CRE Loaded engine is the most advanced eCommerce system available, with very many instruments and options included for promoting your products. You may choose from numerous options for payment and shipping modules, affiliate systems, sales makers, subpages and many others. The CRE Loaded cart is stuffed with a large range of all possible functions, enough to meet the goals of any large online store. CRE Loaded is the most comprehensive CMS (content management system) for online merchants. And it has all of the most popular modules and functions fully implemented.
And don’t forget that we add new webpage designs daily. We constantly work on adding premium quality designs to our collection in order to provide you with great opportunities at just the right choice. At this moment we have more than 80 different designs featured. Please note that our convenient searching system will work by several different parameters to allow you to find your desired template in a second or two.
The CRE Loaded Templates that are presented on our site can be used for any possible type of business: Accessories, Art & Style, Building, Furniture, Travel and many more. We know that we have a CRE Loaded Template for your business.
We have a great team of professional and experienced designers who create the CRELoaded Templates. Our designers can also customize any template that you choose from our gallery to provide you with the most unique possible solution for your e-Commerce business needs.
Our company provides FREE 24/7 support for our customers. If you experience any trouble with the CRE Loaded Template that you have purchased from us just contact our Support Team. Our experts can always answer your questions no matter what they are.
All of our CRELoaded Themes are easily customizable and ready to set up. Just imagine - you can get your own online shop in a matter of minutes! Browse our great collection and choose the CRE Loaded Template that will enhance the image of your company. See for yourself – getting your online shop ready with our CRE Loaded Templates is as easy as ABC!
<|endofexample|>
The represented by the “stimulus,” or how young people’s futures are being mortgaged. The deadline for submissions is July 15. Go here or click on the graphic below to get all the contest details. Submissions may be made electronically by email or physically by mailing. Power Line is co-sponsoring the Power Line Prize with the Freedom Club.
Andrew Breitbart has now signed on as a judge of the competition, along with Hugh Hewitt, Glenn Reynolds and Roger Simon. We look forward to benefiting from Andrew’s promotional genius! If you are a creative person, or if you just think you have something to say about the federal debt crisis, now is the time to get to work on your submission. Along with the $100,000 grand prize, a runner-up prize of $15,000 and two $5,000 third-place prizes will be awarded.
<|endofexample|>
With the Supreme Court set to hear argument this week on the use of racial preferences in student admissions by state universities, the deans of Harvard and Yale law schools ( Martha Minow and Robert Post) defend this practice in a Washington Post op-ed. Part of the defense consists, as usual, of touting the supposed virtues of a “diverse” student body. We have written about this tired, disingenuous argument in the past and will do so again as this latest case – Fisher v. University of Texas – moves toward resolution.
But Minow and Post present a more novel argument, one that makes the “diversity” riff seem well-reasoned and intellectually honest by comparison. Minow and Post suggest that their institutions consider race only insofar as it helps them assess the “character” of applicants. They do so by considering what applicants say about “the role that race has played in their lives.”
Let’s try to understand this. Elite institutions like Harvard and Yale typically admit classes in which Blacks are represented in percentages vastly greater than the percentages that would result from consideration of only objective criteria – essentially grades and test scores. A class that, under race blind criteria, might be only 3 percent Black will end up with, say, 10 percent Black representation.
Are we to believe that this huge bumps is results from the superior character of Black applicants as a group? In the eyes of Minow and Post, Black character must exist on a significantly higher plane than White character.
Long ago, employers and educational institutions sometimes justified racial discrimination based on claims that Whites possessed superior character. Blacks sometimes were said to be lazy, for example. But now it is Blacks whose character has been deemed massively superior.
What evidence of this superiority do Minow and Post rely on? In practice, as their op-ed makes clear, they rely on the ability of Blacks to write about race in some form of personal essay. In other words, superior character resides in the ability of Black applicants to BS law professors and admissions officers who are dying to be BSed. No one verifies the stuff that appears in these personal statements about race. Heck, no one verified Barack Obama’s BS about the role race played in his life until he had been president of the United States for three years. At that point, even the sympathetic David Maraniss found that Obama was making it up.
In the context of law school admissions, there is one fact that provides a real glimpse into the character of applicants: How did they do during their four years in college? Many law school applicants will already have received preferential admission from the undergraduate institution they attended (I wonder how often this fact makes its way into the personal essay on how race affected the applicant’s life). What did they make of this opportunity? Allowing for, say, a year to acclimate themselves, did their performance as an undergraduate demonstrate the qualities Minow and Post say are important, such as “curiosity,” “drive,” and “determination”?
If so, their college transcript will reflect it, and chances are they won’t need the massive artificial edge conferred through race based admissions. Either way, though, performance is always a more reliable indicator of character than words.
But I doubt that Minow and Post are interested in individual character (isn’t that just a “social construct,” anyway). More likely, their interest consists of admitting a large number of Blacks (and perhaps other minorities) because they think it’s the right thing to do as a matter of “social justice.” One could respect them for this if they were more honest.
<|endofexample|>
Back to home »
About POZ
December 1, 2010
POZ and Mediaplanet Join Together to Recognize World AIDS Day and Publish Surviving the Virus
In honor of World AIDS Day 2010, the editors and publishers of POZ and Mediaplanet join together to ask readers, "Are you tuned into the truth about your sexual health?" Today, more people are living with HIV/AIDS than ever before – including an estimated 1.2 million in the United States and 33 million people worldwide. Surviving the Virus, a guide to preventing, treating and living with HIV/AIDS, is available today within USA Today in select markets and on POZ's digital platform."By awakening the American public to the very real and present danger HIV/AIDS presents to people today, this special World AIDS Day supplement will hopefully serve as a powerful tool for personal and public health," said Regan Hofmann, Editor-in-Chief of POZ. "POZ regularly empowers, educates and inspires people with HIV/AIDS to take control of their health in order to live long, healthy lives. POZ hopes this supplement, produced in partnership with Mediaplanet, will lead people to know the truth about, get tested for and, if necessary, seek care and treatment for HIV/AIDS—three things that stop the spread of the disease and save lives."At a time when so many of today's hit prime-time TV shows promote sexual promiscuity – especially in teens and young adults – much of mainstream media is missing out on a chance to teach audiences about some of the very serious life threatening repercussions of unsafe sex such as HIV and AIDS. Real-world consequences of risky sexual behavior are frequently glossed over in the fantasy world of pop culture.Through Surviving the Virus, Mediaplanet and POZ, with the help of Merck & Co., Inc., Positive Charge, BioScrip, Trojan Brand Condoms, aim to raise awareness about these issues and inspire readers to understand their risks, get tested, and engage in an open dialogue with family and friends.POZ is America's leading magazine and website for people living with and affected by HIV/AIDS.Mediaplanet is the leading independent publisher of focused reports distributed within top newspaper partners and online sites around the world. For more information, see.
Search: Mediaplanet, POZ, World AIDS Day, WAD2010, USA:
<|endofexample|>
Cougar shot at local beach
Conservation officers shot and killed a cougar that was prowling around the Park Sands Beach Resort on Saturday.
The cougar was first sighted as it walked along Island Highway towards the Englishman River early Saturday morning. However, the big cat continued towards the resort, which was packed with summer visitors, including families with young children.
The two-year-old cat was shot in a blackberry bush, with help from members of the local RCMP.
The shooting comes just days after a young toddler was severely mauled on Vancouver Island’s West Coast by an aggressive cou.
<|endofexample|>
I have always loved sassafras. The way it smells, looks and it's many uses amuse me. Sassafras tea is delicious. The tree has three different shaped leaves and in the fall, it's just gorgeous:
NOOOOOOOOOOO!!
Not Yet.
I want more autumn. I waited all winter, spring and summer for it. I will embrace each day, pulling on the Cuddleduds if need be, in order to enjoy it. Even with the necessary chores that have to be taken care of, it's a joy to work ouside when it's beautiful. Well, enough of this. You get the picture. Don't look for an I-love-winter post in February. It won't be there, because I'll be true to my autumn. I'll endure winter, skip through the tulips come spring, and wipe the sweat off my forehead while gardening next summer, but all the while, I'll be keeping memories of this in my heart:
Enjoy.
Red, Orange and Yellow Autumn Blessings,
Brenda
One of your best written blogs, Brenda. I'm an autumn, too, but I don't dread winter so much now that I don't have to go out in it unless I want to. I hate to wish for deep snow, because of people who do have to get someplace, but strictly from an aesthetic point of view I do see beauty in that, too. Just dreary skies and leafless trees are depressing.
I retreat in the winter. Physically, mentally and probably spiritually. I'm just not "there" like I am in the fall. I like "moderate" winter much better than summer, but extreme winters like we've had before just take too much energy. Wake me up when it's over.
<|endofexample|>
Graduate Fine Arts
Centrally located in Brooklyn’s thriving art community Pratt’s MFA program in Fine Arts immerses students in the culture of contemporary art, supported by a faculty of working artists and peers. The graduate curriculum is both rigorous and flexible, allowing wide latitude for interdisciplinary exploration while fostering critical perspectives and a deeper understanding of the histories, issues and cultural contexts that inform artmaking today.
Pratt’s MFA degree is in Fine Arts rather than in a specific discipline. Students build their program of study in consultation with a faculty mentor and departmental advisors. Graduate instruction is offered in a wide range of media, including painting/drawing, printmaking, photography, video, sculpture, and integrated practices & new forms (i.e. installation, public art, performance). Beyond departmental courses, MFA students may choose graduate-level electives in any department in Pratt Institute and concurrent dual degree programs (MS/MFA) are offered in the History of Art and in Art and Design Education.
Students work in individual studios and have access to shared shops and labs, including a fully-equipped wood shop, metal shop, print shop, ceramics studios, darkrooms, digital labs with high-resolution scanners and printers, as well as dedicated campus galleries. There are many opportunities to show work in a variety of traditional and non-traditional spaces on campus. Each semester, students open their studios to the public and second-year students mount individual Thesis shows that are also open to the public. In addition to a regular schedule of studio visits by faculty members, the department’s Visiting Artist Lecture Series (VALS) brings internationally renowned artists and critics to give public lectures and have individual studio visits with graduate students. In addition, the Pratt Artists League (PAL), the graduate student club, has a budget to bring in visiting artists and critics for studio visits and fund other student-generated programming and exhibitions. An interdisciplinary 5-week summer course in Rome, “City as Studio,” offers students the opportunity to research and create work in an international context.
Pratt’s faculty members in Fine Arts are distinguished by their achievements, exhibiting internationally, as well as receiving major awards from the Guggenheim Foundation National Endowment for the Arts, Tiffany Foundation, Joan Mitchell Foundation, Skowhegan, Pollock-Krasner Foundation, Creative Capital and Art Matters. Pratt’s graduate students in Fine Art come from around the world and are selected for their promise and readiness for the intensive, self-directed experience of graduate study.
Deborah Bright
Chair, Fine Arts Department
Dina Weiss, Acting Assistant Chair
dweiss13@pratt.edu
South Hall 1
718.636.3581
Nat Meade, Assistant to the Chair
nmeade@pratt.edu
South Hall 1
718.636.3634
More information about the:
STUDY ABROAD, GRADUATE FINE ARTS PROGRAM IN ROME
The Graduate Fine Arts Program for MFA student's, is an opportunity to study in Rome for a five week program offering an inter-disciplinary curriculum that utilizes the platform of the "City as Studio." The courses are inter-related fostering collaboration, critical thinking, and a studio practice that is contextually responsive. The intention is to challenge the artist to leave the familiar and at times predictive confines of the studio and to work directly within the open environment of the city of Rome - to engage simultaneously with the Historical and the Contemporary, to question through the active encounter of a different culture one's place within the global art community, and within this context to initiate an account of one's own professional ambitions. This program is open to non-Pratt graduate level students.
<|endofexample|>
(BPT) - Whether hair is wavy or straight, dry or fine, one thing most women have in common is the desire for strong, beautiful hair. In fact, 80 percent of women say they feel more confident when they have a good hair day, according to a recent survey from KRC Research.
What many women may not know, however, is that they've been treating the wrong end of their hair instead of focusing on the source - the scalp. Research conducted on behalf of Unilever suggests that 99 percent of hair's natural strength and beauty comes from the scalp, and a well-nourished scalp is the right foundation for strong, beautiful hair.
Top celebrity hair and skin experts from the Clear Scalp & Hair Therapy team discuss the importance of caring for the scalp and what it takes to get gorgeous hair.
Feed scalp, feed beauty: Nationally renowned dermatologist Dr. Francesca Fusco advises her clients to nourish the scalp. "It is essential to give our scalp as much TLC as we give to our skin because after all, scalp is skin," she says. Foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, like salmon, also have a beneficial effect on skin and scalp. Fusco also suggests using nourishing shampoos and conditioners such as new Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy which restore the scalp's natural moisture balance. The line is infused with Nutrium 10, a rich blend of vitamins and nutrients including vitamins B5, C and E designed to nourish the scalp and hair deeply.
Drink up: There's a new reason to refill your water bottle. Along with a healthy diet and reducing stress, staying hydrated can impact the overall health of your skin (and scalp) and also plays a part in keeping hair looking beautiful. "I recommend drinking at least two liters of water daily to keep skin hydrated," says Dr. Fusco. Not only does hydration help with skin health but it can also help reduce frizz.
Nourish the foundation: Celebrity stylist Oscar James cautions against sacrificing scalp nourishment for style. "African American women tend to have dryer scalps and many use chemical treatments and relaxers that can dry out the scalp," says James. "That's why I like the Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy Ultra Shea line because it includes shampoo, conditioner, oil and balm that work together to quench dryness and lock in moisture for long-lasting nourishment."
Take a break: Jen Atkin, stylist to some of Hollywood's leading ladies, advises giving your hair a break from heat styling and lots of products to help improve overall scalp and hair health. "A great cut that works with your hair's natural texture makes a huge difference and can reduce styling time," she says. Letting hair dry naturally can save time and is easier on your strands.
For more tips on caring for your scalp and hair visit or.
- » STAY INFORMED
- Events Calendar
-
- Yellow Pages
- Find local listings of businesses and services near you. Get driving directions, reviews and ratings, phone numbers, addresses and more.
<|endofexample|>
PrayerGroup - Christian Social Network & Christian Facebook
Christian Social Network - Christian Blog - Christian Facebook
Views: 20
OH Lord my Father you said you honour your Word more than your name, therefore araise with your power and confirm your word in the life of your savant Pastor Youcef as written in Habakkuk 3:13 You came out to deliver your people, to save your anointed one. You crushed the leader of the land of wickedness, you stripped him from head to foot let this happen to the Iranian Government in Jesus Name
As David went to Baal Perazim, and there he defeated them so shall YOUCEF defeat the Iranian Government. As waters break out, the LORD has broken out against Youcef enemies before him in Jesus Name. Go in peace and shout for joy.
Bro Abraham
© 2013 Created by PrayerGroup Admin..
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to the website of The Postal Regulatory Commission. Skip
directly to the content.
As a federal employee, there are many important decisions you have to make. What health insurance
plan should you choose? Should you enroll in life insurance? If you participate in the Thrift
Savings Plan how much should you contribute? Should you enroll in a Flexible Spending Account?
The decisions you have to make are even more challenging because federal employees have more
choices to make than ever before. Besides standard health insurance coverage there’s also dental
and vision coverage and long term care insurance available to you.
And you can enroll in a Flexible Spending Account which enables you to set aside pre-tax funds
to pay for a wide range of common, out of pocket health and dependent care expenses.
The Commission’s compensation system is separate from the GS pay system administered throughout
most of the Federal government. Our pay-for-performance process provides a system for employees
to advance through their pay scale.
The Postal Regulatory Commission participates in the Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB)
program which provides excellent coverage and flexibility with most of the cost paid by the
Commission. There are many plans available, including both traditional insurance coverage and
health maintenance organizations (HMOs). Employee premium contributions are not subject to taxes,
making health insurance even more affordable.
The PRC participates in the federal retirement program, which provides a defined benefit annuity
at normal retirement age as well as disability coverage.
Career employees may contribute to the Thrift Savings Plan (TSP), which is similar to 401(k)
retirement savings plans offered by private sector employers. Employees contribute on a
tax-deferred basis, and may receive automatic and matching contributions (up to 5 percent of pay),
after a waiting period, from the PRC.
Newly hired employees are covered under Social Security and Medicare.
The PRC offers coverage through the Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance (FEGLI) program.
The cost of basic coverage is fully paid by the Commission, with the opportunity to purchase
additional coverage through payroll deduction.
Career employees may participate in the Flexible Spending Account (FSA) program. Tax-free FSA
contributions can be used to cover most out-of-pocket health and dependent care (day care) expenses.
The contributions are tax-free and can be used for health-care expenses up to $5,000 or dependent
care expenses up to $5,000..
EARNING - The PRC offers a generous leave program to career employees that includes annual
(vacation) leave and sick leave. For the first 3 years of service, full-time employees earn
13 days of annual leave per year, increasing to 20 days per year after 3 years of service, and to
26 days per year after 15 years of service. In addition, full-time employees earn 13 days of sick
leave per year as an insurance against loss of income due to illness or accident.
ANNUAL LEAVE CARRY OVER – Postal Regulatory Commission employees can accumulate and carry over
560 hours of annual leave each year vs. other Federal agencies that have a carry over limit of
240 hours.
ANNUAL LEAVE EXCHANGE PROGRAM - This program provides eligible employees with an opportunity to
receive cash in exchange for earned leave.
SICK LEAVE FOR DEPENDENT CARE - Employees may use up to 80 hours of sick leave per year to care
for a family member (son, daughter, spouse or parents) with an illness or injury..
The PRC is conveniently located in downtown Washington, D.C., just a few blocks from
three Metro (subway) stops – Gallery Place, Metro Center, and Convention Center. The bus stops
for both the East-West and North-South routes of the DC Circulator are less than a block
<|endofexample|>
Posted in Raising Awareness and Fundraising on August 01, 2011 by Administrator speakers, including 2012 Saving Grace Co-Chairs, Pat Dignan and Lauren Larsen (author of Zuzu's Petals), Foundation Executive Director Eleni Tsigas, researcher Dr. Ananth Karumanchi, and author and reality show star Dr. Allison Hill, all of whom have dedicated their time and work to help raise awareness about preeclampsia. Volunteer Rosemary Jorden created the 2011 Promise Walk quilt that traveled around the country to six different walks. The quilt comprises 25 quilt squares, each created by a family remembering or honoring a loved one affected by preeclampsia. This quilt (along with future quilts) will continue to travel each year to different walk sites. Walk participants also got creative with their team names: funny ("Be Fruitful and Multiply", "We Don't Need that Kind of HELLP", "Twinkle Toes", "PreE Rockstars", and "Team Down with BP)"), as well as those named in honor of loved ones ("Eli's Little Giants", "Friends of Rose Babies", "Christie's Crusaders", and "Remembering Henry"). Big congratulations to Team Cooper Landon Barnett in San Jose who was the top fundraising team, raising a whopping $8,125! This year, more than $8,000 donations also came from employer-matching funds...many thanks to those philanthopically minded companies. Does your employer match funds? Check into it and watch your donations grow!
We are enormously grateful to the many people who made the 2011 season so successful: national Promise Walk director Becky Sloan, city walk coordinators Marlene and Robert Bradley, Lori Harrison, John and Brenda Warner, Leanne Park, Laura Dale, Dawn Detweiler, Stephanie Steiner, Nicole Purnell, Jennifer Joyce, Tia Doster, Tiffany Trevers, Kelly Sullivan, Amy Mertz, Dana Russell, Terri Suffecool, Renee Feagan, Meredith Drews, Katie Rhodes, Diane Williams, Cindi & Jon Hillman, Jamie Schmidt, Kata Lakovic, Alicia Magdaleno, Chad and Kelly Thomas, Abby Hausmann-Virgil, Minda Gerst-Swisher, Karin Chitty, Johanna Aiken, Jill Siegel, Renee Martinez, Janel Kovarik, Megan Stuart, Denise Lang, Kellie Beadle, Jessica Sobat, Amanda Meier, Mindy Aucone, and Susannah Pabot, and all the hundreds of volunteers that helped the coordinators. Special recognition also goes to our national sponsors, Alere, Cord Blood Registry, and Beckman Coulter, and the many local sponsors who continue to support our efforts.
The Promise Walk for Preeclampsia™ is the largest fundraising event for the Preeclampsia Foundation, but it's also a fantastic opportunity for creating awareness in communities across the nation and offering support and healing to survivors and families who have suffered a loss. We are currently enrolling 2012 Promise Walk sites and welcome the opportunity to branch out into new cities. If you are interested in hosting a walk next year or getting more involved, please contact National Walk Director
Tags: None
<|endofexample|>
Shop the Irwin Elementary School Store for the hottest selection of IRWIN Falcons T-Shirts and Irwin Elementary School T-Shirts for Women. Customize your very own IRWIN T-Shirts and Falcons T-Shirts in an unlimited combination of styles, colors, designs and activities! Whether you need a basic T-Shirt to wear to the game or a Performance Shirt for training, the Irwin Elementary School Shop is the best place for IRWIN Falcons Fans, IRWIN Falcons Students, IRWIN Falcons Players and IRWIN Falcons Alumni to create T-Shirts for any occasion.
<|endofexample|>
Advocacy Day 2008
- Senator Darrell Steinberg's Advocacy Tips
- Summary of Preschool Legislation
- Welcome Letter to Attendees
- Event Agenda
- Advancement Project
- Bay Area Council
- California Alliance for African American Educators
- California Association for the Education of Young Children
- California Child Care Resource & Referral Network
- California Child Development Administrators Association
- California Community Foundation
- Child Development Policy Institute
- California Federation of Teachers
- California Head Start Assocation
- California School Boards Assocation
- California Teachers Assocation
- Children Now
- Child Care Law Center
- Fight Crime: Invest in Kids California
- First 5 California
- First 5-Ventura
- First 5-San Mateo
- Fresno County Office of Education
- Karen Hill Scott & Company
- Los Angeles Universal Preschool (LAUP)
- Low Income Investment Fund
- Merced County Office of Education
- National Council of La Raza
- New America Media
- San Mateo County Office of Education
- San Mateo Preschool For All
- Service Employees International Union (SEIU)
- Silicon Valley Leadership Group
- Time Warner Cable>>
<|endofexample|>
From Kansas Wheat Fields to
Alaska Tundra:
A Mennonite Family Finds Home
Naomi has moved twenty-three times and currently lives on Wanderlust Way. She understands the restless search to find "home" and how adapting skills develop over the years. This theme runs throughout her book which introduces the Gaede family as they leave their Mennonite roots in Kansas, drive up the Alcan Highway, and, in their various ways, adapt and thrive in the Alaska territory. It is told in Naomi's voice, yet includes the perspectives of her father, mother, and three younger siblings. Children in families of missionaries, military personnel, diplomats, and/or frequently re-locating families will identify with Naomi.
This book takes place in Kansas City (1955), Anchorage, AK (1955-1957), Tanana, AK (1957-1959), Browning, MT (1959-1960), Tulare, CA (1960-1961), and Soldotna, AK (1961-1964).
Take a look inside the book!
- Chp 1 — The Making of a Homesteader
- Chp 2 — We're Not in Kansas Any More
- Chp 3 — In the Bush
- Chp 4 — Blowin' in the Wind
- Chp 5 — Fantasy Land
- Chp 6 — The Cold House
- Chp 7 — Homesteading Takes Root
- Chp 8 — Introducing Visitors to Homestead Life
- Chp 9 — Just the Beginning
<|endofexample|>
No. 74: Maryland
By Paul Myerberg // Jun 21, 2010
After starting strong, Maryland football has been a shell of its former self since 2003.
Maryland had been average, or slightly above average, in the five years following the third of three 10-win seasons that ushered in the Ralph Friedgen era. Yet there was little reason to believe that the Terps, who won eight games in 2008 and 23 games from 2006-8, would end the 2009 season with two wins, only one of which came against F.B.S. competition. Well, maybe I should have seen it coming: Maryland did return the fewest lettermen of any team in the country. Nevertheless, the poor finish raised — and continues to raise — meaningful questions about the future of the program.
Conference
Atlantic Coast, Atlantic
Location
College Park, Md.
Nickname
Terrapins
Returning starters
12 (7 offense, 5 defense)
Last year’s ranking
No. 66
2009 record
(2-10, 1-7)
Last year’s
re-ranking
No. 104
2010 schedule
- Sept. 6
Navy (in Baltimore)
- Sept. 11
Morgan St.
- Sept. 18
at West Virginia
- Sept. 25
F.I.U.
- Oct. 2
Duke
- Oct. 16
at Clemson
- Oct. 23
at Boston College
- Oct. 30
Wake Forest
- Nov. 6
at Miami (Fla.)
- Nov. 13
at Virginia
- Nov. 20
Florida St.
- Nov. 27
N.C. State
Last year’s prediction
Maryland returns the second fewest starters, 10, of the Friedgen era, as well as the fewest lettermen of any non-service academy. Even in an average A.C.C. – still, one that will be better than last year – these are not good statistics. For example, graduation has decimated the offensive and defensive lines.. There are some things to like about Maryland, such as its experience at quarterback and talented skill players, but I don’t believe this team is equipped to make a run at an A.C.C. championship. I’m not crazy about Maryland, but I do think the Terps will return to bowl play. But barely: 6-6, 4-4 in the A.C.C.
2009 recap
In a nutshell One cannot help but ask how much longer the team can move forward with Friedgen in charge, especially with assistant head coach and offensive coordinator James Franklin waiting in the wings. At least Franklin can’t do any worse. Maryland scored 256 points, the second-fewest under Friedgen, and allowed 375 points, the most. The Terps finished 100th in scoring defense and 83rd in total defense, 98th in scoring offense and 102nd in total offense. Franklin’s turn will come — some may hope sooner rather than later — but Maryland’s stature will continue to drop with each season it lags behind in the A.C.C. race. The situation he will soon inherit looks far less rosy than it did even a year ago.
High point That lone win against a team from the F.B.S.: by 24-21 against Clemson on Oct. 3. Believe it or not, the Terps actually stood at 2-3 at this point, thanks to an earlier win against James Madison (barely).
Low point Maryland has now dropped two straight against powerhouse Middle Tennessee State, one on the road and, after last season, one at home. It didn’t get much better from there. The Terps lost to both Virginia (at home) and Duke, the first time the program has done so since 1999.
Tidbit Maryland’s 10 losses last fall leaves Clemson, N.C. State and Miami (Fla.) as the only programs in the A.C.C. to have never suffered a double-digit loss season. Maryland, Boston College (1978), Georgia Tech (1994), North Carolina (2003) and Virginia Tech (1950) have each landed a single double-digit loss season; Florida State a pair (1973-74); Virginia four (1959-60, 1975-81); Wake Forest six (1957, 1962, 1974, 1977-78, 1995); and Duke a conference-worst seven (1996, 2000-2, 2005-7).
Tidbit (meaningless statistic edition) Only two non-B.C.S. conference teams in the F.B.S. have defeated Maryland in College Park. One, of course, is Middle Tennessee State. The other is Ohio, who beat the Terps by a touchdown in 1997. Navy has beaten Maryland 14 times in 20 tries, but all its victories have come either in Annapolis or on a neutral field.
Former players in the N.F.L.
37), OG Andrew Crummey (Jacksonville), TE Vernon Davis (San Francisco), FB Jeff Dugan (Minnesota), LB Moise Fokou (Philadelphia), CB Domonique Foxworth (Baltimore), OT Jared Gaither (Baltimore), TE Dan Gronkowski (Detroit), (Miami), LB D’Qwell Jackson (Cleveland), FB Cory Jackson (San Diego), DT Kris Jenkins (New York Jets), LB Shawne Merriman (San Diego), DT Dre Moore (Tampa Bay), DT Dean Muhtadi (Arizona), DE Jeremy Navarre (Jacksonville), K Nick Novak (San Diego), P Adam Podlesh (Jacksonville), S Terrell Skinner (Minnesota), DE Randy Starks (Miami), OG Jaimie Thomas (Indianapolis), C Edwin Williams (Washington), WR Isaiah Williams (Pittsburgh), S Madieu Williams (Minnesota), CB Josh Wilson (Seattle).
Arbitrary top five list
Worst moments from the latest “Indiana Jones”
1. Casting Shia LaBeuof.
2. The “nuking the fridge” debacle.
3. Swinging on vines with monkeys.
4. Embarrassing ending.
5. That George Lucas took a dump on my childhood.
Coaching
Ralph Friedgen (Maryland ‘70), 66-46 over nine seasons at his alma mater. He ranks fourth in school history in both wins and winning percentage (.640), the latter counting only Maryland coaches of the modern era. Friedgen’s head coaching tenure with the Terrapins has been very top-heavy: 31-7 his first three years, Maryland had finished below .500 four of the past six seasons. But what a start it was: the three consecutive double-digit win seasons (10-2, 11-3, 10-3 from 2001-3) included an Orange Bowl appearance, an outright A.C.C. championship – the first team other than Florida State to win an outright crown after the Seminoles joined the A.C.C. – and three straight top-25 finishes (11th, 13th and 20th, respectively). However, it has been a struggle for Friedgen and the Terrapins since 2003. Though Maryland did finish 9-4 in 2006 and reach eight wins in 2008, those marks are joined by a 5-6 finish in 2004-5, a 6-7 2007 season and last season’s disaster. Even when taking into account last fall, Friedgen remains one of the most successful coaches in Maryland and, surprisingly, A.C.C. history: his 64 victories through the 2008 season ranked as the third-most through eight seasons in conference history. As an assistant, Friedgen has served as the offensive coordinator for Georgia Tech (1987-91, 1997-2000), the San Diego Chargers (1994-96) and during a previous stop in College Park (1982-86). It’s only unfortunate that the final memory Friedgen will present as the coach at Maryland will be his inability to maintain his early success; one can hope that this coming season, potentially his last, will allow to him go out on a high note.
Players to watch
Junior Torrey Smith’s rapidly developing receiving skills and sublime return ability make him one of the top all-purpose performers in the A.C.C., if not the entire country. Darrius Heyward-Bey’s departure allowed Smith to step into a leading role in the passing game last fall, and the junior responded with team high’s in receptions (61), receiving yards (824) and touchdowns (5). While his improved performance as a pass-catcher was one of the few bright spots on last year’s team, Smith was his typically superb self as a kick returner: 25.7 yards per return, including two returned for touchdowns. Maryland will have a new starter at quarterback; Chris Turner’s replacement would be very, very wise to look for Smith early and often. Senior Adrian Cannon (44 receptions for 468 yards and 4 scores) and junior Ronnie Tyler (28 catches for 345 yards) will round out the starting lineup.
The new Maryland quarterback will very likely be junior Jamarr Robinson, who brings a degree of mobility missing from the position over the past handful of seasons. Robinson earned significant time last fall, participating in seven games and starting twice: in his first start, a loss to Virginia Tech, Robinson threw for 104 yards and rushed for 129 more; in his second start, a loss to Florida State, Robinson rushed for 58 yards while completing 20 of 27 attempts for 213 yards and a score. His dual-threat ability is intriguing, and the experience he gained late last season will pay enormous dividends in 2010. I suppose the Terps could also turn to Miami (Ohio) transfer Clay Belton — he started six games for the RedHawks — or redshirt freshman Danny O’Brien — a favorite among the coaching staff — but I’d be surprised if Robinson does not land the starting job.
Maryland has options at running back. The first is senior Da’Rel Scott, who hopes to remain healthy after injuries cost him much of 2009. Scott still led the team in rushing (425 yards) despite missing five games with a wrist injury. He was terrific in 2008: 1,133 yards and 8 touchdowns — both tops on the team — on 5.4 yards per carry. In fact, Scott has averaged at least five yards per carry in each of his first three seasons, including 7.3 yards per tote during his freshman campaign. Junior Devin Meggett earned plenty of action when Scott was sidelined last fall, rushing for 338 yards and a team-leading six scores. Maryland needs Scott to be healthy if it plans to improve upon last year’s paltry rushing attack — 105. 8 yards per game — but it helps to go two players deep at the position.
The Maryland defense has questions along the defensive line; question marks in the secondary. Things look great at linebacker. This is where senior Mike Wujciak, an all-A.C.C. pick, does his thing. Another player in a distinguished line of superb Maryland middle linebackers, Wujciak posted 131 tackles — second-most in the conference — a sack and two interceptions last fall. He made those picks count: the 152 interception return yards marked a new school record. His junior numbers were remarkably similar to his sophomore totals: 133 stops (8.5 for loss) and 1.5 sacks, helping him land second-team all-conference honors. Wujciak is the key to any improvement Maryland makes on the defensive side of the ball; he’s the most irreplaceable player on the team. The all-American candidate will again be flanked by sophomore Demetrius Hartsfield (64 tackles) on the weak side and senior Adrian Moten (68 stops) on the strong side. Moten enters his final year as the active Maryland leader in tackles for loss (18) and sacks (13).
The lone returning starter up front is sophomore nose tackle A.J. Francis, who played commendably as a first-year starter on the interior of the Maryland line. His best days are surely ahead of him, as Francis did struggle at times last fall, as one would expect from a rookie starter. Redshirt freshman De’Onte Arnett and sophomore Zachariah Kerr will battle to start alongside Francis, with neither separating himself from the other during the spring. Kerr has the edge against the run, thanks to his size, but Arnett’s potential as a pass rusher might be the deciding factor in pushing him into the starting lineup. Don’t be surprised if sophomore Joe Vellano, who currently stands behind Francis on the nose, earns a look at tackle if Kerr and Arnett scuffle.
There is plenty of competition at end. Junior Derek Drummond and sophomore Justin Anderson currently hold the two starting spots, but expect players like Drew Gloster, a senior, and former highly-touted recruit Masengo Kabongo to battle for meaningful snaps once the Terps return to the practice field in August. Drummond is the most experienced returning end, but his production has not been commensurate to his abilities. The same could be said of Kabongo, who has yet to make an impact on the college level. It will be up to these ends to form some semblance of an average pass rush, which — as stated countless, countless times on the Countdown — can help overcome an inconsistent secondary.
Injuries in this Maryland secondary crippled the back end of the defense last fall, but also allowed a few returning defensive backs to gain valuable experience. One such player, cornerback Cameron Chism, stepped into the starting lineup for the final 10 games of the year after a broken leg sent departed starter Nolan Carroll to the sidelines. Chism is the lone returning starter, but, as noted, the Terps can call upon a handful of experienced contributors. This is particularly the case at safety: junior free safety Kenny Tate (47 tackles, 1.5 sacks, 1 interception) and senior strong safety Antwine Perez (45 tackles) combined to make five starts in 2009. That pair are locked into the starting lineup, though there will be intense competition to settle who will start at cornerback opposite Chism. It will likely come down to junior Trenton Hughes and redshirt freshman Dexter McDougle, neither of whom lacks for athletic ability. The big issue, of course, will be consistency.
Position battles to watch
Offensive line The Maryland offensive line was awful at times last fall, so perhaps new blood up front will lead to an improved performance from this group. Two starters must be replaced: left tackle Bruce Campbell and center Phil Costa. Even with the pair of departed starters, this line is far more experienced entering 2010 than it was heading into last fall: six returning contributors, compared to only two meaningful linemen in 2009. Look for some minor reshuffling of the line in an effort to find the most talented starting five. After making starts at left tackle, left guard and right tackle last fall, senior Paul Pinegar will play center in his final season. Junior Andrew Gonnella makes a small move, transitioning from right guard to left guard; he started eight games on the strong side in 2009. The third returning starter, sophomore R.J. Dill, will stay at right tackle, even though his future may be on the blind side. There is an open spot at right guard, where Maryland can turn to sophomores Justin Lewis and Bennett Fulper; each started at least one game as freshmen. Junior Lamar Young seemed to be the best option at left tackle, but his recent departure will allow sophomore Justin Gilbert to earn significant snaps with the first team.
Game(s) to watch
Though the second half of the year is tough, the opportunity is there for a solid start. Given that fact, keep an eye on how the Terps fare through an Oct. 2 home game against Duke. If Maryland can start 4-1, a bowl berth is a definite possibility.
Season breakdown & prediction
In a nutshell So Maryland won’t win only two games in 2010. I think we can all agree on that. Helping matters is a relatively weak Atlantic division, which pales in comparison to the very deep A.C.C. Coastal lineup. The Terps also have the good fortune to draw Duke and Virginia from the Coastal in conference play. It could have been worse: N.C. State, for instance, must face Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Virginia Tech in addition to its Atlantic division brethren. Here’s some more good news: after being decimated by graduation heading into last season — to the tune of only slightly more than a dozen returning lettermen — Maryland brings back most of last season’s contributors. It’s not all good news, however. The offensive line is a concern, as is quarterback play — until Robinson can prove he’s capable of holding the starting role..
Dream season
Maryland shocks the A.C.C. by going 9-3 and winning the Atlantic division. Friedgen rides out into the sunset, secure that the program is back on track.
Nightmare season Consecutive 2-10 seasons spells the end for Friedgen, leaving Franklin to clean up the mess.
In case you were wondering
Where do Maryland fans congregate? You could always hang out at Terrapin Times and Turtle Sports Report, the two biggest Maryland fan sites. But don’t forget about these solid Terrapin blogs: Tracking the Terps, from The Baltimore Sun, Testudo Times and Turtle Waxing. Did I forget anyone? As always, list additional sites below.
Up Next
Who is No. 73? Our next school is the largest university in the 31st-largest state in the country.
Tags: Maryland, Ralph Friedgen
Is this largest by population or by area?
Population my guess is Mississippi State, area my guess is LSU.
Paul: Both counts, university enrollment and state, by population. So you’re right. And you knew L.S.U. wasn’t coming up at No. 73, Les Miles’ missteps aside.
In terms of population Mississipi and Mississippi State would be the largest university in the land of cotton.
whoaaa. is that an albino turtle?
I agree on your arbitrary top 5…..What were they thinking???? George? Harrison? You guys know better…..
[...] blogs: The Pre-Snap Read preview countdown continues, including a look at Maryland. Barking Carnival continues to comment on the inner workings of the Big 12′s realignment [...]
BERTH. The word is BERTH. Not birth.
<|endofexample|>
Bob Conner was a teenager during the early years of the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, the British Invasion, Motown and the California music scene.
"If there was ever a Renaissance of music ... I was privileged to live right in its prime," said Conner, of Vineland.
Conner is now 60, but that early love of music still burns strong. When a favorite band plays in the area, Conner tries to be there to catch the live performance. In recent years, he's attended Atlantic City shows by Neil Young, Bob Dylan and The Eagles.
And while many of the heads bobbing along with the music at these shows were gray and balding, a good portion of the audience was comprised of young fans, most born decades after these performers scored some of their biggest hits.
Musicians who first made their marks in the 1960s and 1970s are among the hottest acts touring these days. And for casinos, which have always drawn an older crowd, booking these musicians serves to not only bring in the baby boomers who grew up listening to their tunes, but also young fans who will pay to see a rock legend perform.
Older acts, including the Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney and The Who, which will perform Friday at Boardwalk Hall, are well-known for putting on high-energy shows crammed with familiar hits.
"In my opinion, these acts have lasted so long in the touring business because people of all ages really enjoy the music. From the baby boomer to Generation X, they attend these shows. Also, many of these acts have longevity on their side. When you have a catalogue of countless No. 1 singles, platinum albums and can perform a two-and-a-half hour set, you are going to be able to continue to perform live and sell out concerts," said Jason Spencer, 33, vice president of entertainment, nightlife and lifestyle marketing for the Caesars Entertainment Eastern Division.
Rock acts from the 1960s and 1970s comprise 40 percent of the schedule at the Circus Maximus Theater at Caesars Atlantic City and the House of Blues Atlantic City in the Showboat Casino Hotel as well as 30 percent of the schedule in The Concert Venue at Harrah's Resort, said Spencer.
Heart, featuring sisters Ann Wilson, 62, and Nancy Wilson, 58, performed last month in the Circus Maximus Theater. Pat Benatar, 60, comes April 27 to the House of Blues Atlantic City.
Even if an act is from the 1960s or 1970s, a key distinction between an older act that still rocks and an oldies act is whether the performer can develop new fans, said Boardwalk Hall general manager Greg Tesone, 52, of Egg Harbor Township.
Boomer acts that have performed inside the 14,000-seat arena at the hall include 67-year-old Bob Seger in 2011, and 65-year-old Elton John in 2008.
"When you do a show like The Who, the Stones, Eric Clapton, or McCartney and you look around at the number of younger people coming to see those shows that have a great appreciation for the music and become fans, I don't necessarily think you can call them an oldies act," Tesone said.
The baby boomers, who still pay the bills at a casino, are 74 million strong and grew up during the 1960s and 1970s as the first rock 'n' roll generation, said Thomas L. Cantone, 62, who oversees the entertainment bookings at Resorts through his position as vice president of sports and entertainment at Mohegan Sun in Connecticut.
That music and those artists dominated the charts, and nothing has come close since then, Cantone said.
"It was a time that will never come again, and those artists still draw the biggest crowds at arenas and casino venues all over the country," Cantone said. "Boomers rocked the culture, the biggest generation in history turned pop music and TV into art forms. That era invented pop culture as we know it today."
All of the rock acts from the 1960s and 1970s aren't as high profile as a Mick Jagger or McCartney. Even bands who weren't as popular can come to the casino showrooms and play before a devoted audience of old fans - and new ones who have a love of classic rock.
Grand Funk Railroad, a rock band from Michigan, which was highly popular during the 1970s, played two shows in late December in the 1,500-capacity Superstar Theater at Resorts Casino Hotel. The group scored five million-selling albums between 1969 and 1972. Some of the people who brought tickets to the shows no doubt spent their money to hear drummer and co-lead vocalist Don Brewer, 64, sing the group's first No. 1 pop hit from 1973, "We're An American Band."
Brewer said when his band broke up in 1976, members never anticipated their music would be played on classic rock radio three decades later and their record company would reissue all their vinyl albums on CDs, which introduced their music to a younger generation.
"Some of the places we play you see a lot more people who were part of our generation," said Brewer. "Certainly, the casinos are an older crowd. Those are the people who go to casinos. When we do fairs and festivals, we see a lot of younger people because they are out there at a fair or festival because they are music lovers."
While many of the performers who hit the road in the late 1960s and 1970s were known for their hell-raising ways, the older acts touring now are marked by a high degree of professionalism and a commitment to giving fans their money's worth.
Don Henley was 24 when he co-founded the Eagles with Glenn Frey in 1971. Now, 41 years later, Henley, 65, is still singing the Eagles song "Desperado," as he did when he performed a solo concert earlier this month at Revel. The tune was originally recorded in 1973.
Henley said as long as he takes care of himself, the physical demands of performing every night are not much higher than they were 30 years ago.
"In fact, I have fewer back problems now than I did then. These days, I work out in a gym for an hour and a half, three times a week, plus I ride a stationary bike for 30 minutes before every performance. If I'm not diligent about that, then performing becomes difficult. The hardest part is traveling. The dryness of the air in airplanes and hotel rooms can take a toll on the voice. The same goes for alcohol. Can't drink on tour anymore. Very different from the old days," Henley said.
Conner, the music fan, appreciates this professional approach. In fact, he reads reviews of his long-time favorites, as well as up-and-coming new bands before deciding whether a rock show is worth seeing.
"Everybody pretty much that I've seen has been focused, committed, talented, and they are all in," Conner said. "That's what I expect."
(At The Shore Editor Scott Cronick contributed to this report)
Contact Vincent Jackson:
609-272-7202
<|endofexample|>
Before serving in the Marine Corps in 2008, Michigan native Greg Call worked in accounting as a consultant.
But after being discharged in May, Call, who is new to Southern California, decided he wanted to put to work the management and organization skills he learned in the military and start his own business.
"Being in the military opened me up to big conceptual thinking, and I've managed anywhere from three to 100 people," said Call, who served as a ground intelligence officer and a rifle platoon commander.
However, the tough part for Call and many veterans wanting their own businesses is finding the startup money.
"That's definitely an issue," Call said. "I don't have $100,000 to $200,000."
Access to capital is a big challenge, especially for veterans, said Vic Scimo, owner of FranNet of Los Angeles, Riverside, San Bernardino and Ventura Counties who's been helping Call and other veterans become entrepreneurs.
"All these veterans who are coming home can't find work and these guys make the best franchisees because they know how to follow a system and lead," Scimo said. "But these guys have no money."
Starting a franchise can cost anywhere from $50,000 to $200,000, a tough sum to amass for many veterans who haven't been able to establish a strong credit rating because they were serving in the military, Scimo said.
"There are microloans and other resources, but it's not enough," he said.
FranNet,
The unemployment rate among veterans who have served since the Sept. 11 attacks was 12.1 percent, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in May.
"Our heroes who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan deserve the chance to put their skills and energies to good use as they come back home," Scimo said.
FranNet also supports veterans as a member of VetFran, which was started by the International Franchise Association a decade ago and gives discounts to veterans to help make business ownership more affordable and works to hire veterans within their businesses.
"Franchise companies are eager to have veterans on their teams because they know the skills and leadership experience they offer," Scimo said. "I'm happy to talk to any veterans about the opportunities they have to start their own businesses. It's an honor to help any way I can."
Locally, Southern California Franchise Shows will take place from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. on Sept. 12 at Dave and Busters Restaurant, 71 Fortune Drive in Irvine (visit for more) and from 9:30 a.m. to noon on Sept. 13 at the Torrance Marriott Courtyard, 1925 W 190th St. in Torrance (visit for more). karen.robes@presstelegram.com, 562-714-2088, twitter.com/KarenMeeksPT
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
| PHOTOS
Downey police said this afternoon they have detained four "persons of interest," three men and a woman, in the Wednesday shooting that killed three family members and injured two others.
However, no arrests have been made, a police spokeswoman said. She wouldn't provide further details.
Meanwhile, Los Angeles County Coroner's officials said they likely won't release the names of the victims until Friday.
Police are trying to locate at least one resident, presumably a family member who needs to be informed before the identities are released, in Mexico, officials said.
Coroner's officials did say this morning that the victims included a Hispanic man in his 20 s and two Hispanic women in their 30 s.
According to police and witnesses, a gunman opened fire about 11 a.m. Wednesday at a Downey business, killing two people and injuring one, before driving the victims' vehicle to a residence less than two blocks away and opening fire again, killing one and wounding another.
Police say all of the victims - including the two who were shot but are in stable condition and are expected to survive - are related.
Two women and a man were killed, while a woman and a 13-year-old boy were injured, authorities said.
The first shooting occured at United States Fire Protection Services, 8722 Cleta St., just off Lakewood
A property record search showed the residence where the second shooting occurred was owned by Susana Perez, and a sign in front of the house this morning read: "RIP Susana. A great mother."
Other names affiliated with the residence on property records include Cesar S. Garcia and Antonio Salinas.
Salinas is also linked to the trust that owns the business, according to the DataQuick property database.
Sources
Police confirmed Wednesday that a woman and teenager were originally at United States Fire Prevention, but somehow got to the home in the Black 2010 Camaro before being shot. Police couldn't confirm if they drove themselves or were kidnapped by the suspect, but said there was no forced entry at either location.
The crime scene this morning at both the business and the residence was quiet. Police tape that had roped off the area Wednesday afternoon was gone, and no police were at either location.
Suzanne Blevins, 40, a business owner and lifelong resident of Downey, showed up this morning and placed florwers near the home. She said that the two women who were killed were both mothers, and that they had six children between them.
"This is absolutely tragic," she said. "We now have six kids without moms."
A prominent rumor circulating among neighbors and students at nearby Downey High School - which went on lockdown yesterday after the shooting began - was that one of the victims was a manager at the Coca Cola plant across the street from the family's business, and that the shooter was a disgruntled employee.
However, a spokeswoman with Coca Cola said Thursday afternoon that this wasn't true and the company had no connection to the shooting.
"All of our folks are accounted for," she said.
Police supervisors would not confirm that this morning.
Milligan said Wednesday that officials "do not believe this was a random attack," but wouldn't speculate on a motive.
Police said this morning that they were scouring surveillance video from surrounding businesses, trying to figure out what happened and locate the shooter.
Witnesses and neighbors described a chaotic scene shortly after hearing gunfire, including seeing a young boy screaming for help in the street. Other witnesses reported seeing a woman bleeding from her head, sitting on the sidewalk..
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
LAS VEGAS - Timber!
After the third fight between Manny Pacquiao and Juan Manuel Marquez ended in controversy 13 months ago, promoter Bob Arum said he was determined to get a clear-cut winner from this hotly contested series that began in 2004.
Arum got his wish on Saturday, though at the expense of his fighter, Pacquiao. It came at 2:59 of the sixth round when a bloody Marquez landed a monstrous counter right hand to the chin of Pacquiao, who fell like a tree that had just been chopped down, face first through the lower rope onto the apron. He did not get up and Marquez had the knockout victory he figured he needed to have in front of 16,348 at MGM Grand.
It was Marquez's second knockdown of the fight, as he also dropped Pacquiao with a counter overhand right in the third round. They were the first knockdowns for Marquez in the four fights.
There was no major belt on the line, but Marquez (55-6-1, 40 KOs) probably couldn't care less as he earned his first win against Pacquiao (54-5-2) and is now 1-2-1 against the Filipino icon.
"I knew in the last three rounds Manny was going for the knockout," said Mexico's Marquez, who was bleeding from the nose and perhaps from his mouth. "I knew I could have been knocked out at any time. I also knew when I knocked him down earlier, I could knock him out.
"I threw the perfect punch."
A punch Pacquiao said he never saw coming. That it came in a round Pacquiao seemed to be winning and
"I got hit by a punch I didn't see," said Pacquiao, who was leading by one point on all three scorecards at the time."
Regarding the third-round knockdown he absorbed, Pacquiao said, "It was a good shot, but I was able to come back."
After Pacquaio went down face first, it was obvious he was not going to get up, as he was knocked cold. His wife, Jinkee, appeared like she was trying to get onto the ring apron. Pacquiao's strength trainer, Alex Ariza, revived Pacquiao with the help of a cold towel on his head.
"Manny came back, he was in charge," said Pacquiao's trainer, Freddie Roach. "He just got a little careless. He was hurting Marquez."
Will there be a fifth fight?
"Why not?" Arum said. "Have you seen a more exciting fight in years?"
Pacquiao would also like a fifth go-round.
"Why not?" he said, "if the promoters can make it."
The first round was nothing more than a feel-round round, with neither fighter landing much of anything; Pacquiao was the aggressor, however.
Both fighters were busier in the second round. Marquez landed a couple of nice left hooks, and Pacquiao landed a couple of crisp left crosses.
Then in the third round Marquez found an opening midway through and flattened Pacquiao with an overhand right to the head. Marquez had earlier in the round landed a couple of hard body shots.
The fourth round was much closer, but Marquez landed two rights to the head at the end. Then Pacquiao dropped Marquez in the fifth with a left cross. The crowd was going wild for both ring warriors, but Pacquiao beat the daylights out of Marquez the rest of the round.
Then came the fateful sixth round, one that left reporters, publicists and fans alike shaking their heads in disbelief. It's not too often a superstar goes down face first the way Pacquiao did.
Pacquiao and Marquez fought to a draw in their first fight in 2004, Pacquiao won a split decision in 2008 and Pacquiao won a very disputed majority decision in November 2011.
When Yuriorkis Gamboa of Cuba and Michael Farenas of the Philippines entered the ring for their semi-main event, they followed two really boring fights. There was pressure from the crowd for them to put on a good show, and they did.
Gamboa decked Farenas in the second and seventh rounds, Farenas returned the favor with a stunning knockdown of Gamboa in the ninth. At the end of 12 rounds, during which Farenas was cut over the left eye by a head-butt and around the right eye by a punch, Gamboa had won an interim super featherweight title with a unanimous decision.
Gamboa (22-0) won by scores of 117-109, 118-108 and 117-108.
Gamboa put Farenas (34-4-4) on the canvas in the last 10 seconds of the second round with a right cross. Gamboa floored Farenas with a barrage of punches about a minute into the seventh round. By this time, though Farenas had displayed courage and had even landed a few crisp left crosses, he was being out-gunned.
But during an exchange in the ninth, Gamboa was caught flush on the chin with a left cross and Gamboa went down. He was up quickly and made it out of the round without further damage.
Miguewel Vazquez, who unlike most Mexican fighters is a stick-and-move guy, retained his lightweight belt with a boring 12-round unanimous decision over Mercito Gesta of San Diego via the Philippines. Vazquez won by scores of 117-111, 119-109 and 118-110. There were no knockdowns.
Vazquez, 25, made the fifth defense of the title he won in August 2008. But the light-hitter did not make any new fans with his performance. Gesta (26-1-1) seemed to want to make it more of a fight, but he didn't appear willing to work hard enough for it, basically letting Vazquez dictate the bout with his defense-first approach.
In a fight in which there were many more boos than clean punches landed, Javier Fortuna of the Dominican Republic won a vacant interim featherweight title with a unanimous decision over Patrick Hyland of Ireland.
Fortuna (21-0) won by scores of 118-110, 116-112 and 115-113.
The jeering was out early in this one. At some point, it stopped, almost as if those in the stands simply became apathetic about the notion the fight was even taking place.
After the final bell, Fortuna jumped onto the corner post like fighters do, and the booing was back.
"It was a good scrap," said Hyland, who suffered his first loss. "He didn't hit as hard as everyone said he did."
Hyland is 27-1.
robert.morales@presstelegram.com
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
405 Rt 17
Paramus, NJ 07652-2900
A member of our staff is ready to take you for a test drive in your favorite used car, truck, SUV or van. If you are looking for a Range Rover for sale, or any make of used vehicle in the Tri-State,
Prestige Land Rover is the place to shop - especially if you value
outstanding service and the best prices. We can be reached by phone or
email, or by visiting our dealership in Paramus, NJ, serving Manhattan, NY and Parsippany, Newark and Glen Cove areas.
At Prestige Land Rover, we focus on developing long-term relationships with our customers by providing world-class service before and after the sale. Our dealership also has a huge inventory of new Land Rover vehicles, with some of the best Land Rover lease specials and Range Rover lease deals you'll find. Contact us for more information, or to test drive a new or used Land Rover or Range Rover today.
* The advertised price does not include sales tax, vehicle registration fees, other fees required by law, finance charges and any documentation charges.
* Images, pricing and options shown are examples, only, and may not reflect exact vehicle color, trim, options, pricing or other specifications.
<|endofexample|>
.
Arne:
Where the Bee Sucks
Barber, S:
Bridge:
Go Not, Happy Day
Delius:
To Daffodils)
(CD)
$14.50
In stock - usually despatched within 1 working day.
On Wenlock Edge
The Curlew
The Water Lily
Mourn no moe
Chopcherry
My gostly fader
Nursery Jingles (5)
The Birds
The Fairest May
James Griffett, Beryl Ball (piano), Mary Murdock (cor anglais), Mary Ryan (flute)
Haffner String Quartet
Regis - RRC1316
$7.25
Holst:
Ushas
I Have Twelve Oxen.
Champs Hill Records - CHRCD024
Usually despatched in 2 - 3 working days.
Watch video trailer
Listen to samples
$16.75
John Armstrong (baritone)
International String Quartet)
$20.00
(also available to download from $21.00)
Usually despatched in 4 - 5 working days. (Available now to download.)
Signum - SIGCD161
Usually despatched in 3 - 4 working days.
In an Arbour Green
Autumn Twilight
Late Summer
A Sad Song
Mr Belloc's Fancy
Adam lay ybounden
Cradle Song
My lady is a pretty one
Music when soft voices die
Yarmouth Fair
The Contented Lover
Jillian of Berry
Andrew Kennedy & Simon Lepper
Pavão Quartet
Landor Records - LAN279
$14.75
Usually despatched in 4 - 5 working days.
Love is a bable, Op. 152 No. 3
The fair house of joy
To Daisies, Op. 8 No. 3
Over the mountains
Stanford:
The Fairy Lough Op. 77 No. 2, from An Irish Idyll in Six Miniatures (1901)
A soft day.)
Rann of Exile
Come to Me in my Dreams
Love went a-riding
Britten:
How Sweet the Answer
O Waly, Waly
I Will Give my Love an Apple
The Ash Grove
The Minstrel Boy
Twilight Fancies
Young Venevil
Like to the Damask Rose
Gurney:
The heart worships
$17.00
Ridout:
Three Sonnets of Cecil Day Lewis
Steptoe:
Elegy on the Death of Cock Robin
Ten Blake Songs
James Bowman (counter-tenor), Paul Goodwin (oboe d'amore), Tina Grunberg (violin)
Downshire Players of London, Peter Ash
Meridian - CDE84158
Usually despatched in 8 - 10 working days.
1 2
<|endofexample|>
- Programs
- Listen
- About
- Press Releases
- Sponsor
- Fact Sheet
- Governance
- Employment
- Annual Report
- Submit ProgramsGreen tea weight loss
- Shophow to get your ex back
- Contactget your ex back
- Giveget ex back
- Give Online
- Give by Mail, Phone or Fax
- Make a Planned Gift
- Contribute Stocks
- Workplace Giving
- Become a Corporate Partner
- Stories
- Health and Medicine
- Business and Economy
- Arts and Entertainment
- Science and Technology
- Politics and Society
- World
- FYI from PRIBusiness and Economy | Hispanics going to college in record numbers, but graduation numbers still lag
<|endofexample|>
- Eagle Group - Supply Carts
Product Overview
Wire carts are the work horses in hospitals and healthcare facilities, and the wire carts from the Eagle Group are at the head of the pack. Eagle Group’s patented QuadTruss design makes shelves 25% stronger, and provides a retaining ledge for increased strength and product retention. Combined with a wide assortment of totes boxes, accessories and options, they can be customized to meet any need within your facility – from linen carts to exchange carts and more.
Alternate Views
Product Details
- Patented Quad Truss design – makes shelves 25% stronger and provides ledge
- Chrome plated posts are grooved and numbered in 1” increments, enabling shelving to be easily adjusted up and down
- Open wire construction reduces dust and contamination build up
- Chrome plated shelves
- 5” resilient stem casters, 2 with brakes
Dimensions
- Width: 21” or 24”
- Length: 48” or 60”
- Height: 69” – 72”, depending upon caster selected
Warranty
15 year warranty on stainless steel; 1 year warranty on chrome
Additional Options
- Solid stainless steel shelves
- Slide assemblies
- Tote boxes
- Shelf labels
- Shelf dividers
- Side and back enclosure panels
- Chrome dolly frame
- 6” or 8” polyurethane casters
- Cart washable casters
- Donut bumpers for casters
Please contact Price Modern Healthcare for additional details and specifying assistance. Click here to email us.
<|endofexample|>
Properties for sale in Downton, Hampshire
£595,000 Downton Lane, Downton, Lymington SO41 Bungalow for sale - 3 bedrooms
An extended, detached three bedroom bungalow with generous, versatile living accommodation, and benefiting from an attractive, secluded garden of approximately half an acre, with double garage an ... see full details and 14 photos01590 287006 (local rate)
Marketed by Murray & Hayward, SO41.
Guide price £465,000 Christchurch Road, Downton, Lymington, Hampshire SO41 Detached house for sale - 4 bedrooms
A quite striking and characterful cottage set within mature grounds in the small village of Downton. The setting affords far reaching views over surrounding countryside with the coast and open ... see full details and 8 photos01590 287032 (local rate)
Marketed by Spencers, SO41.
Guide price £84,995 Shorefield Road, Downton, Lymington SO41 Park home for sale - 2 bedrooms
A selection of luxury holiday lodges located in 100 acres of delightful landscaped parkland containing wooded areas, attractive lakes and streams. see full details and 6 photos01483 491018 (local rate)
Marketed by Park Homes of Distinction, GU24.
From £70,000 Christchurch Road, Downton, Lymington SO41 Land for sale
A collection of paddock land, farm buildings and yard along with a development site, available as a whole or in three Lots. For sale by Informal Tender with Sealed Bids, the closing date being 12 ... see full details and 7 photos01590 287016 (local rate)
Marketed by Woolley & Wallis Residential, SO41.
£49,950 Shorefield Road, Lymington SO41 Property for sale - 2 bedrooms
A superb 'swift chamonix' fully fitted and furnished park home situated on this popular country park with comprehensive leisure facilities, within easy reach of milford on sea, new milton or ... see full details and 6 photos01425 460162 (local rate)
Marketed by Littlewood's Estate Agents, BH25.
£17,750 Woodland View, Shorefield Road, Downton, Lymington SO41 Property for sale - 2 bedrooms
An immaculately presented two bedroom holiday home situated on the award winning five star holiday park on beautifully maintained landscaped parkland grounds of 100 acres. Located less than a 5 ... see full details and 8 photos01491 877118 (local rate)
Marketed by Davis Tate - Goring on Thames, RG8.
Contact relevant estate agents & new homes developers Send a message to agents and developers matching your search for in using the box below.
<|endofexample|>
This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
This form is for requests for further information about private medical insurance for small businesses and for the self employed. We will forward your request to suitable private health insurance brokers and providers. You can also request someone to call you to provide a quotation or discuss your requirements.
If you are seeking private medical insurance for yourself or for your family,.
<|endofexample|>
Lodging, Bed and Breakfast, Guest Accommodation, Holiday Rooms, Pensions and Hotels in Granada
Apartments san plantsProperty number 67613
2 guests in 1 bedroom
Apartments san plants is a beautiful fully furnished vacation rental Apartment located in Granada, Andalucia inSpain. This comfortable Granada vacation rental Apartment is complete with Microwave. Apartments san plants, a Apartment rental, has everything you need for your getaway. This 1 bedroom(s) Apartment in Granada can comfortably sleep 2, and has all the bathroom amenities you expect. The fully furnished living room of this private vacation rental features Fully Equipped Kitchen, TV, and Microwave. Please click the Contact the Owner button to send this owner an email inquiry and book your vacation today! Don’t miss out on the amenities and attractions of this Granada Andalucia vacation rental Apartment!
ContactBooking: Book Now
LocationGranada, Granada, Andalucía, Spain
Near Town, Near Shopping, Near Restaurants
Facilities & ServicesDesigner Furnishings, Near Town, Near Shopping, Near Restaurants, Fully Equipped Kitchen, TV Designer Furnishings, Fully Equipped Kitchen, TV, Microwave, Dishwasher, Pots and Pans, Utensils, Stove, Refrigerator, Trash Compactor, Washing Machine Only, Twin Bed, Crib, Sofa Sleeper, Telephone, Parking Available
PolicyPayment Policy Rates are in Euros. The minimum stay is 2 nights. For holidays and national bridges the apartments are rented a minimum of three nights. Consult for other stays festive reception. No pets allowed. Just admit guide dogs accompanying blind persons. During your stay you should avoid making noises, both in their apartment or in common areas, especially at night. If once stayed, you decide to cancel the rest of his stay in whole or in part, the company reserves the right not to refund any amount for unused nights. If you leave the apartment in bad condition the company will charge a supplement of 40 € for cleaning expenses of the holder of the reservation. The apartment will be available from 14 hours a day of entry until 12 noon on the day of departure. The direction of the apartments are not responsible for valuables left in them. Payment for the entire stay will be made at the time of hand over the keys to his apartment. Please, I beg you on as much as possible to pay in cash. Cancellation Policy If canceled or modified up to 5 days before date of arrival will not charge cancellation fees. If canceled or modified later established: We will apply a cancellation fee equal to the amount of 1 night's stay as chosen rate. No deposit will be charged full. Rules Rates are subjected to change without prior notice. ABOUT YOUR ARRIVAL-DEPARTURE OF APARTMENTS: The occupation will be held in reception hours (14 to 21 hours). In order to facilitate your arrival we ask you indicate an arrival time through info@apartamentossanmatias.com. We can give detailed information on how to access Apartments San Matías after confirming the booking. If you are unable to comply with the schedule established for the keys must communicate at the time of booking. Delivery of keys after 22h carry a surcharge of 30 €. In case of arrival outside reception hours unannounced (e-mail, phone, book .. etc), your reservation will be canceled. We can store your luggage until 14:00 am on departure day. In handing over the keys, we will give the terms of the detailed accommodation. Please we beg you to read and sign it, we will give you a copy and a receipt with the rental contract and deposit. The deposit required reserves in case of a single apartment will be the guarantee card number and expiration date thereof the holder of the reservation. We make no charges thereon, except if there is any loss or damage to the apartment. For reservations of 2 or more apartments will request a deposit in cash € 100 per apartment. For longer stays you can hire cleaning of your apartment. Price from 25 €. Extra cleaning service apartment on request (20 €).
<|endofexample|>
Alliant Energy Corporation utility subsidiaries declare preferred stock dividends
MADISON, Wis., May 17, May 31, 2012. The dividends, which are payable on June May 31, 2012. The dividends, which are payable on June 15, 2012, are as follows:
$0.523438 per share on the 8.375% Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock
WPL and IPL are subsidiaries of Alliant Energy Corporation.
Alliant Energy Announces First Quarter 2013 Results
May 03, 2013, 06:00 ET
Interstate Power and Light Co. and Iowa Office of Consumer Advocate reach settlement on proposed Marshalltown Generating Station
Apr 29, 2013, 12:12 ET
Alliant Energy Corporation declares common stock dividend
Apr 12,.
<|endofexample|>
KidzVuz Releases First Ever Video Creation App for Kids
NEW YORK, Jan. 8, 2013 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- KidzVuz.com, the video review and sharing site where children ages 7-12 create, comment and connect, has released the first video creation app specifically designed to let kids post videos on-the-go.
(Photo:)
The new, free, KidzVuz iOS App, recently named one of the top ten new apps for kids by Entertainment Weekly (EW.com) encourages children to be roving reporters, active reviewers and amateur videographers. Whether they're eating out, traveling, shopping, or attending a movie or show, registered users will be able to share and upload videos from wherever they happen to be. The App lets kids take videos and post them directly from the app to the site, so they don't need to learn complicated upload procedures. Finally, there's a place where kids can safely post the videos they're already taking!
Launched in 2011, KidzVuz.com is a COPPA-compliant online community that enables children to be content creators rather than simply content consumers. With their parents' approval, Tweens can register on the site to upload video reviews of fashion, travel, technology, games, movies, TV, books and magazines, music, sports, and more. Designed especially for the under-13 set, KidzVuz promotes critical thinking while teaching kids how to create content at an early age in a safe environment. The app lets them take that same experience with them, wherever they go.
"The simplicity and immediacy of the App's record and post functionality makes it ideally suited for kids who are used to instant gratification," said Rebecca Levey , co-founder of KidzVuz who will also appear on a panel at the CES 2013 Kids at Play Summit. "Yet parents will feel safe knowing that every video and comment on the App – and the site - is monitored and approved before being posted."
Parents can engage their tween-aged kids by encouraging them to document family vacations, outings and activities with the KidzVuz App. And with access to thousands of easily searchable videos already on the KidzVuz site, kids and parents can watch existing reviews directly from the app, and use them as a resource to help them decide whether or not to make a purchase or see a movie.
Key features of the new free KidzVuz App include:
- An integrated webcam that enables kids to upload video reviews instantly
- Video review capabilities across a variety of categories including fashion, food, technology, toys, games, travel, movies, music, books, sports and more
- Access to thousands of videos from the KidzVuz site
- COPPA-compliant, moderator-approved content
"This is the only App specifically designed for kids to create and post videos," said KidzVuz co-founder, Nancy Friedman . "We want to empower kids to share their point of view about the things that matter to them."
The KidzVuz App is available for iPad, iPodtouch, and iPhones in the app store.
About KidzVuz. LLC
KidzVuz, LLC is a tween focused media and entertainment company dedicated to delivering safe, creative and empowering products to tweens and their parents through interactive media, mobile apps, brand marketing and live events.
To effectively help brands reach the tween market, KidzVuz LLC draws on the resources of our company's four divisions:
KidzVuz.com - Launched in 2011, KidzVuz.com, the company's flagship site, is the only video review site by and for tweens where they create and share videos about the products and brands they love.
KidzVuz Mobile – Named one of Entertainment Weekly's Top Kids' Apps for 2012, the new iOS app allows kids to make and share video reviews on the go!
KidzVuzParents.com - The parenting resource for parents of tweens. A cadre of highly respected mom bloggers write about tween parenting issues, review products, and report on tween celebrities and events.
KidzVuz Connects - The Social Media Strategy arm of KidzVuz, LLC, which delivers brand solutions for reaching the mom and tween markets through real world and online initiatives such as live events for mom influencers and tweens, Twitter parties, contest promotions and integrated-sponsored marketing campaigns. Brand partners have included Microsoft Surface, The Children's Place, Fashion Angels, Parragon Publishing, Nature's Path, Audible.com, Homewood Suites by Hilton and more.
Founded in 2011 by Nancy Friedman and Rebecca Levey , KidzVuz has been featured in the Wall Street Journal as a top site for tweens, Teachers First as an educational resource, and was named a best new site of 2011 by Cool Mom Picks. For more information, visit:.
To view this video on YouTube, please visit:
Media Contact: Beth Feldman BeyondPR, 914-576-0447, beyondpr@gmail.com
News distributed by PR Newswire iReach:
SOURCE KidzVuz..
<|endofexample|>
Mobile Content Services Growing Fast in Latin America, Finds Frost & Sullivan
SAO PAULO, June 24 /PRNewswire/ -- The mobile content market, distributed by mobile operators, reached around $2.4 billion USD in Latin America in 2009 and has about 63 million users across the region. Mexico and Brazil present the largest portion of mobile content users, with 38% and 31%, respectively, from the total market.
(Logo:)
(Logo:)
The total mobile services market in Latin America is nearing saturation in terms of number of subscribers. In Brazil, Colombia, and Mexico, the mobile penetration rates were 92.2, 84.3, and 77.2 percent, respectively.
In these countries, the mobile content services market is expected to grow by a double-digit rate. One of the main drivers is the penetration of smartphones and other capable handsets, which enable advanced contents. Another driver is the increase in the adoption of mobile broadband.
"The high prices for data plans in Latin America, coupled with a common perception of mobile data as a high-cost service, inhibit the demand for advanced contents," explains Frost & Sullivan Industry Analyst Bruno Neto .
In Argentina, Chile, and Venezuela, mobile penetration reached 119.2%, 103.8%, and 105.1%, respectively in 2009. Nevertheless, mobile content penetration among mobile users in these countries reached 14.8%, 12.1%, and 9.5%, respectively.
In Latin America, 65% of the total mobile content services market revenues came from subscription services, in which users pay to receive information by message. These services include information on various topics, such as soccer, horoscopes and even economics. With 16% and 15% of total content revenues, music and game downloads are among mobile content services that generate more revenue for operators in Latin America.
Although video and TV still represent very little of the revenue with content services, they are expected to have the highest growth in the region over the next five years.
The market for mobile content services is just in the beginning of its expansion and provides strong growth in the coming years in LA, expecting to reach about 150.4 million users by 2014. The launch of mobile operators application stores should help boost demand for content services..
<|endofexample|>
MyClassicGarage.com Launches Marketplace For Classic Cars
"Owners& Enthusiasts Can Buy and Sell Collector Cars on MCG Marketplace 24 Hours a Day for Free"
CHARL
480. 277.1864
cindy@carprusa.com
SOURCE MyClassicGarage.com
RELATED LINKS
More by this Source
MCG™ Knowledge Base is Most Extensive Searchable Classic Car Database on Web
Apr 01, 2013, 18:46 ET
MyClassicGarage.com Reaches 100,000 Member Milestone in Nine Months
Mar 29, 2013, 17:16 ET
MyClassicGarage.com Website is the Ultimate Tool for Car Collectors
Mar 05, 2013, 00.
<|endofexample|>
Snap MyLife, Inc. Welcomes Trevor Healy to Expanded Board of Directors
Seasoned Executive and Serial Entrepreneur Joins Board as Company Eyes Continued Growth and International Expansion
PRINCumbo
SS|PR
609.750.9115
DPalumbo@SSPR.com
SOURCE Snap MyLife, Inc.
RELATED LINKS
More by this Source
Snap Secure y Corporación Copycorp C.A. se asocian para lanzar aplicación móvil para seguridad personal, familiar y datos en Venezuela
Jan 17, 2013, 09:00 ET
Snap Secure and Corporacion Copycorp C.A. Partner to Launch Mobile, Personal and Family Security App in Venezuela
Jan 17, 2013, 09:00 ET
Snap Secure e Corporacion Copycorp C.A. Fazem Parceria para Lançar Aplicativo para Celular, Pessoal e de Segurança da Família na Venezuela
Jan 17,.
<|endofexample|>
Ambrose Roy Hord Jr.
Position: G
Height: 6-4 Weight: 244 lbs.
Born: December 25, 1934 in Charlotte, NC
Died: October 24, 2002 in Riverside, CA
College: Duke (school history)
Drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the 8th round (88th overall) of the 1957 NFL Draft.
Weighted Career AV (100-95-...): 19 (4927th overall since 1950)
1962 Game Log: Regular Season · Playoffs
<|endofexample|>
Story Created:
Dec 4, 2009
Story Updated:
Dec 7, 2009
Next Article
Heavy Rain Causes Rio Grande to Rise
Upset Parentand member of community said on Tuesday, Dec 22 at 9:49 AM
I'm so upset at this community... they wonder why kids don't want to go school, why they don't want to work... they want to party, drink and drugs.... LO
OK at the entertainment that you are bringing to this town... this guy got held by the
border patrol...he is going to jail for God knows what ina couple of months..and it's ok to have him entertaining our KID? I dont think so...this is very sad...makes me want to leave this town and never come back
X2i said on Wednesday, Dec 9 at 5:00 PM
sad, sad, sad has a really good point, kids and parents not wanting to take thier kids to schools because of the cold, yet a pair of lil wayne tickets they are willing to spend then cold night outside....WHATEVER HAPPENED TO BUYING ONLINE?.....
El Joe said on Wednesday, Dec 9 at 1:48 PM
Bola de gente naca...what's next? Rims with spinners? Your last name in Old English on the rear winshield of your car? No class at all.
SAD, SAD, SAD said on Wednesday, Dec 9 at 1:40 PM
SOME OF THIS KIDS WHO LINE UP TO GET TICKETS ARE THE SAME KIDS THAT DO NOT WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL BECAUSE ITS COLD OR RAINING. PRIORITYS ARE IN THE WRONG PLACE. WHAT ABOUT THE PARENTS WHO ALLOWED THIS.
Laredoan said on Wednesday, Dec 9 at 11:42 AM
Common people why would you all go and pay money to see this monkey..
JG said on Wednesday, Dec 9 at 9:43 AM
Stupid people line up to see this little girl peform..WTF...BORDER MEDIA and LEC..get somebody good..
Lalo said on Tuesday, Dec 8 at 3:18 PM
LEC management, what are you thinking?
Anonymous said on Tuesday, Dec 8 at 3:03 PM
It's time for parents to take responsibility for how their children are and stop putting the blame on everyone else
Mira Nomas said on Tuesday, Dec 8 at 1:23 PM
Bola de huercos vagos, poncanse a trabajar!!
Vayan a ser linea aya al Behtany House ayudando a los pobres. Que lastima!
cg said on Tuesday, Dec 8 at 11:40 AM
Dont be fraters. He's just an artist. Our kids will not become drug dealers or gangsters just because they listen to his music. It is up to us parents to teach are kids, to guide our children to be good outstanding citizens.The people I know who have lead a poor choose in life are like that because that is what they were taught by their parents plain and simple.
Bellystomper said on Tuesday, Dec 8 at 12:44 AM
Way to go - LEC going to the bottom of the barrel booking a future convict & a bad role model for Laredo youth.
Parent said on Monday, Dec 7 at 4:28 PM
Call me crazy but is TI, guy that -- just a year ago -- owned the types of weapons you normally only see in Grand Theft Auto really the best person to be talking to kids about the dangers of guns? Honestly.... a silencer is not for PROTECTION.. If the moron wants those guns he should move to a state that sells them legit. No one is above the law.
JT said on Monday, Dec 7 at 4:27 PM
Hundreds of MORONS line up to see an even bigger MORON.
That's Laredo said on Monday, Dec 7 at 4:26 PM
What a role model, Lil Wayne—also facing felony drug possession and weapons charges in Arizona from 08. Unfortunately this will only increase his street cred and his return will be a big PR event.
Jules said on Monday, Dec 7 at 4:24 PM
There is nothing so sad than to watch hundreds of people including our youth braving the cold to see a future convict. There is nothing to idolize in those two before or after jail. I really do not understand why someone or parents would choose to buy their kids a ticket to see such an awful role model like Lil Wayne or TI. Are we not trying to steer them off into the right path? That’s not the right message to send to our kids..
<|endofexample|>
Nord Stage 2 88
Product Description for the Nord Stage 2 88
Big, red, and absolutely amazing - it's hard not to love Nord keyboards and pianos. Take one listen to the Nord's incredible new flagship Stage 2 88 performance keyboard, and you're sure to agree that this is the most amazing Nord creation yet. The Stage 2 88 puts the performance-oriented sounds and flexibility at your fingertips that any pro keyboardist is absolutely certain to love. And when you feel the texture and response of the new custom-designed keybed, you'll have no doubt that this keyboard was made for the live stage.
Part of what sets the Stage 2 88 apart from typical performance-oriented keyboards is the impeccable attention to detail in its extensive collection of sounds. Armed with twice the program memory of its predecessor, the widely popular Stage EX, the Stage 2 88 has the bandwidth to include subtitles such as key-release samples and dynamic pedal noise. Likewise, the new Gen 3 organ is simply astonishing! The Stage 2 88 also features 380MB of onboard sample memory, adding endless depth to its synth sound section. On top of all of this, the Stage 2 88 features an even more extensive effects section than ever before. If you're looking for the ultimate live keyboard, you're going to love the Nord Stage 2 88.
Features
- 88-key fully-weighted keybed
- Features Nord's latest piano, organ, and synthesizer sounds
- Piano features string resonance, dynamic pedal noise, and completely user-replaceable sample memory
- Organ section features 3rd generation organ modeling derived from the Nord C2 Organ
- LFO, arpeggiator, and delay-based effects
- Compatible with the Nord Sample Library
- Includes Nord Sample Manager software
- Piano memory: 500MB
- Piano sample locations: 6 types x 9 models (54)
- Soundformat, pianos: .npno v5
- Piano polyphony: 40/60 (stereo/mono pianos)
- String resonance: Yes
- Selectable piano release: Yes, dynamic
- Pedal noise: Yes, with triple pedal (optional)
- Dynamic pedal: Yes, with triple pedal (optional)
- Organ modelling: Gen 3 (C2)
- Organ polyphony: Full
- Synth section: Yes, extended subtractive with FM, wavetable and sample playback
- Sample playback: Yes, nsmp format integrated in synth
- Sample memory: 380MB
- Arpeggio: Integrated in synth
- Synth polyphony: 18 voices
- Mod effects: Chorus, flanger, phaser, auto wah, pedal wah, tremolo, u-vibe, pan, ring mod
- Effect settings: Rate + continuous depth
- Syncable effects: Yes, master clock feature
- Eq: 3-band with sweepable mid frequency
- Amp/speaker simulation: 3 types
- Master effects: Reverb (6 modes) and compressor
- Outputs: 4 x TRS (configurable)
- Monitor input: Yes
- MIDI over USB: Yes
- Programs: 4 banks x 20 pages x 5 programs (500 locations)
- Live/auto save programs: 5 locations
- Split keyboard: 3 zones
- Layers, dual sounds: Multiple choices
- Transpose: Program and global
- Multitimbrality: 6 parts (2 organs, 2 pianos, 2 synths)
- Pitch bend/mod wheel: Yes
- Aftertouch: Yes
- Morph/real time parameter control: Yes
- Dimensions: 51" x 4.5" x 13"
- Weight: 41 lbs.
- Hand built in Stockholm, Sw
<|endofexample|>
.
How long does it take a new blogger to attain a page ranking from Google?
I’m not exactly sure how long since I don’t have one yet :)
What I do know is Google keeps a new URL in the “sandbox” for a few months until it determines the site is legit and not just advertising.
It all comes down to incoming links (links from other sites to yours). And, the more links coming in, the higher the number of subscribers grows. It’s also the quality of links: ProBlogger is a great one, a well-established high ranking site. That’s why it’s important to start posting on other sites immediately, at least those who let you add your URL to your name (like ProBlogger).
I’m in the travel industry. I joined with a bunch of colleagues who have travel blogs and we collectively add each other’s postings to Stumble, Digg, Reditt and Twitter...
Also, it’s important to post at least one article per day. You keep people’s attention that way. And, be funny, goofy, irreverant.
Ariel, I agree…who would have known that an niche market would exist in what white people liked….
Writing books established me as an expert in my field….which led to owning two web sites (which I sold) and the blog I have now. It’s a very rare author who makes money from writing books. I read in the New York Times that 3% of all published authors make enough to support themselves on their royalties. It’s the publishers who clean up, not the authors.
I have am developing an incredible financial blog and soon I believe this will lead me to writing e-books, audio series and eventually having a published book (even if I have to self publish)…
Don’t know if it will be anywhere near the $300,000 mark….at least not yet anyway..
I’ve had a website that I used to have stay online for years even after I completely forgot about it. Websites can be legacy items long after either the site isn’t updated any longer or interest in the site falls of a long way.
<|endofexample|>
Coca-Cola to Invest $1 Billion in Philippines
September 28, 2010
Coca-Cola Co has committed to increase investments in the Philippines by $1 billion over five years to strengthen operations there, reports Reuters. "Our new commitment to invest $1 billion in our business over five years will strengthen production, distribution and help development of new products," Glenn Jordan, Coca-Cola Pacific Group president, said in a statement. The announcement was made in conjunction with Jordan meeting with Benigno Aquino, president of the Philippines, in New York. Coca-Cola is building a large bottling facility in Misamis Oriental in the Philippines that is scheduled to begin operations next year. The company''s Philippine business saw double-digit growth in the first half of the year. Coca-Cola, which operates 23 plants and 42 sales offices with more than 7,800 employees across the Philippines, said the new investment will focus on marketing and system logistics and delivery capabilities in order to better serve its expanding customer base.
<|endofexample|>
Look at you! You found our free stuff.
We love to give away stuff, and all you have to do is enter your name and e-mail address! Sign-up below and we will send you an e-book! Look for a download link in your confirmation e-mail. Stay subscribed for more free stuff!
<|endofexample|>
…
Please visit our official website at
Thank you for choosing Phantom City Studio. Recording Studio in Orlando, Florida.
Comfortable Control Rooms, Live Rooms, Isolation booths, and Entertainment Lounge.
The professional high quality recording studio sound you've been looking for! Record your……
We Are A Professional Live Sound Reinforcement & Recording Company Located In West Palm Beach Florida.
If you are performing or producing an event and need Professional Sound Reinforcement, Production or Recording in the South Florida area..... Read More @
*MAIN SOUND SYSTEM
3-WAY STEREO…
Sorrel Sound is an audio-video-lighting company. We specialize in audio engineering - Front of House, live and recording - but are able to fulfill all technical needs of a production, including sales and rentals, through our extensive network of qualified professionals..
I currently run a location recording company and I've managed major and minor recording and audio post studios in NY and SF. I am seeking a manager or related position. I am highly qualified and will be bringing a great deal of experience and enthusiasm to my next position. I would like to relocate.
Graduate of Full Sail University With degrees in Film/Video production and Audio Recording Engineering. Looking to get back into the industry after time spent in retail Management.
Full audio, video, green screen and graphics production.
Full production recording studio to live sound. Get the sound you want in the studio and then take it on the road. Rehearse with an experienced engineer, then integrate captivating effects at your shows. Get major record label sound at the venue.
We are a web based Mixing, Editing, Restoration, & Mastering Facility. We will help your music or sound go from ordinary to extraordinary. We accept media by mail or upload and will either mail or upload the media back when finished.…
Profile
I am a hard working and inspired individual looking to enrich and expand my expertise everyday. Through the use and understanding of the latest technological advancements I create an end result you will not regret.
Experience
Live Sound Engineer and Musical Instrument Technician, Blue Man Group Orlando, Orlando, FL…
Audio Engineer
OB A1
30 years experience
Studio and location audio recording services
Music licensing, music composition, voice-over talent for broadcast media and film. Post, audio editing, sweetening, foley, and production. In house record label, music catalog from Industrial to Jazz. Demo reel available upon request.
Recently graduated Full Sail University with a Bachelors degree in Recording Arts. Experience working with Pro Tools, Logic Pro, Melodyne.
Born & raised in Paris, France; I have always dreamed to be part of the Music Industry. Graduated with a Bachelors degree in Recording Arts, I have not only worked intensively on my personal compositions but also captured a vast sum of expertise from Full Sail University. Motivated, Driven, Passionate & Inspired, I am ready to…
The 1200 sq ft recording studio, with a huge main tracking floor, custom built vocal booth, Isolation banks, Full control room, a client lounge area, state of the art signal processing, a huge collection of plug-ins, and some of the areas best studio musicians for hire is located at 1306 SE 46th Lane Suite 1 in Cape Coral, FL.,…
We are an audio post production company, based out of South Florida, that provides impeccable quality with a timely turnaround, at competitive prices. Our aim is to provide relaxed and creative environment where we can pay the utmost attention to each detail of your audio project as we achieve your artistic vision. Whether it's….
<|endofexample|>
.
Working artist in sculpture with degrees in both fine art and theatre. Have experience in make-up design and teaching, costuming, set design and construction, basic lighting and design skills, stage directing and performance. Worked in several professional theatre companies in New Hampshire.
Set design, set decoration, graphic design. Extensive set design and corporate design portfolio. MFA Brandeis University. BFA Rhode Island School of Design.
Set Designer
Education: Bachelor of Fine Arts, Bachelor of Interior Architecture, Rhode Island School of Design
Set credits include: "Top Girls", Sandra Feinstein Gamm Theatre, RI 2006; "French Revolution Part Deux: A New Jersey Play" & "Womens Playwriting Festival" Perishable Theater, RI 2000; Resident Set Designer, Dean…
Rhode Island School of Design student, extensive Fine Arts background, broad graphic design knowledge and model making skills
Search for Crew / Technicians in MassachusettsGo to the Massachusetts.
<|endofexample|>
Have delicious gourmet cookies delivered from ProFlowers to sweeten up an event or special occasion. Mouth-watering selection and easy online ordering. Who doesn’t remember the enticing fragrance of fresh-baked holiday cookies filling the house? Or making cookies any time of the year with a beloved grandmother, your mother or your own kids? ProFlowers makes it easy to have semi-sweet chocolate chip, maple oatmeal raisin, triple chocolate, oatmeal walnut and other yummy cookies delivered fresh across the U.S. Looking for gourmet cookies online delivery made easy? Order classic favorites like chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin, delivered fresh from ProFlowers.
Share a sweet sentiment with your favorite cookie lover when you have a delectable cookie bouquet delivered fresh from ProFlowers. Order gifts today. Everything’s coming up cookies when you send a hand-decorated cookie bouquet from ProFlowers.. Send cookie bouquets today, it's never been easier! Hand-decorated butter cookies from ProFlowers say thanks, congratulations, happy birthday, and much more.
Nothing says celebration like a cookie basket from ProFlowers. Send fresh chocolate chip, oatmeal, peanut butter, and other gourmet cookies today.. Want a tasty way to say thanks or congratulations? Have fresh gourmet chocolate chip cookies delivered from ProFlowers. Order now for fast delivery.
Who could resist caramel pecan, chocolate chunk, and peppermint fudge brownies? Order a ProFlowers brownie basket today and surrender to temptation. Brownies are the ultimate tribute to the decadent delight we call chocolate. But did you know that not all brownies are made from chocolate? Recipes for butterscotch brownies (also known as blondies) appeared in cookbooks in the 19th century and take their flavor from brown sugar and molasses instead of chocolate. What happens when you have a fresh gourmet brownies delivery from ProFlowers? The world (or your next big event) becomes that much sweeter. Order today.
Why don't you try the new best sweet, cake pops. From Halloween to baby showers, find a cake pop for every occasion. They are delicious, delicate and festive for your event. They make the perfect hostess gift, birthday gift or graduation gift. Shop online for some of these scrumptious treats today.
Decadent desserts do come in small packages. Enjoy fresh gourmet chocolate, vanilla and red velvet cupcakes delivered fresh from ProFlowers. Order now. We’ve found that the only challenge with cupcakes is eating only one. Imagine yourself biting into a dark chocolate cupcake with a silky truffle center and creamy dark chocolate frosting. Now imagine not wanting to eat another one. We thought so. Not a chocolate lover? Buttery vanilla bean or classic red velvet cupcakes were made for you. But don't forget about regular cakes too! Our chocolate cakes are amazing and perfect to send to someone when you can't make it to their birthday party. Send birthday cakes and cupcakes today!
<|endofexample|>
Fantasy RB Tips: Richardson, Green-Ellis are must-starts
In PFW's late-week fantasy RB tips, Trent Richardson and BenJarvus Green-Ellis are must starts, and Bryce Brown may get another chance.
Fantasy QB Tips: Dalton should stay hot
Andy Dalton and Matt Schaub should keep their hot streaks going but this may be the week to sit Josh Freeman, according to our late-week fantasy QB tips.
How long will Brown's fantasy value hold?
Fantasy football expert Pat Fitzmaurice wants to see if Eagles RB Bryce Brown was just a one-week wonder or something more.
Fantasy Doctor: Patriots' defense is on a roll
Every Wednesday, The Fantasy Doctor ponders fantasy football dilemmas and prescribes advice with an eye on helping you win.
Giants' Manning is back in good form
Giants QB Eli Manning is a strong start in Week 13, PFW fantasy expert Mike Wilkening writes in "Exploit or Avoid."
Broncos' Moreno goes from forgotten to must-have
With a starting job wrapped up, Knowshon Moreno is an ideal Week 13 pickup, fantasy expert Mike Wilkening writes in this week's "Fantasy Ticker."
Live Week 12 fantasy injury updates
Despite being listed as doubtful, Rams WR Danny Amendola is active for Sunday's game against the Cardinals.
Bengals' Dalton gets another ideal matchup
Andy Dalton is a solid play against a reeling Raiders defense in Week 12, writes PFW fantasy expert Mike Wilkening in "Start or Sit."
Much to be thankful for in fantasy world
In his annual Thanksgiving column, Pat Fitzmaurice thanks some other people in the fantasy football universe, especially his readers.
Fantasy WR tips: Wallace still a starter with third-string QB
In PFW's Week 12 WR fantasy tips, our staff says Mike Wallace is still fantasy-starter material even though Pittsburgh will start its third-string QB Sunday.
Fantasy TE tips: Packers' Finley could be on the upswing
Notes on a resurgent Jermichael Finley and Marcedes Lewis, and more, are in PFW's Week 12 fantasy tips for tight ends.
RB fantasy tips: Wells could excel in return to action
The Cardinals' Beanie Wells, who will return from injury Sunday, is among the fantasy sleepers PFW considers in our Week 12 RB fantasy tips.
Fantasy QB tips: Falcons' Ryan remains a good play
Our editors say it's not time to turn away from Falcons QB Matt Ryan and Texans QB Matt Schaub should keep producing vs. the Lions.
Schaub, Stafford strong Thanksgiving Day plays
Matt Schaub and Matthew Stafford could each produce big numbers on Thanksgiving, PFW fantasy expert Mike Wilkening writes in "Exploit or Avoid."
Which Blackmon will we see in Week 12?
Fantasy football expert Pat Fitzmaurice wonders if last week was a coming-out party for Jaguars WR Justin Blackmon or just a mirage.
Videos
Fantasy Football Guide
Redemption Center for 2012 Fantasy Football Guide
View more
Player Rankings
Week 17 TE rankings
Dennis Pitta of the Ravens moves into the top 10 in PFW's Week 17 fantasy TE rankings.
<|endofexample|>
Indianapolis Colts
Ben Ijalana - #71 - G.
<|endofexample|>
See code examples for all of Ez Texting's APIs. Learn how to send and receive text messages, rent and configure Keywords, perform carrier lookups and much..
This is a tutorial that explains how to create an iOS or Android app that uses SendGrid to send email.
Reports any Twilio account related errors w/o having to keep a Twilio.com window open..
Use this PHP library to make calls to the Voxbone telephony APIs.
Send SMS messages and make phone calls using Python. Code library for creating telephony mashups with the BT Web21C apis..
Simple, affordable and effective text message marketing for your.
<|endofexample|>
What:
All Issues
Who:
All Members
Click below to see the vote description.
Progressive Position
Progressive Result
(
win
or
loss
)
No qualifying votes at this time
Find your Member of
Congress' votes
Select by Name
Aderholt, Robert (R-AL)
Alexander, Lamar (R-TN)
Alexander, Rodney (R-LA)
Amash, Justin (R-MI)
Amodei, Mark (R-NV)
Andrews, Rob (D-NJ)
Ayotte, Kelly (R-NH)
Bachmann, Michele (R-MN)
Bachus, Spencer (R-AL)
Baldwin, Tammy (D-WI)
Barber, Ron (D-AZ)
Barletta, Lou (R-PA)
Barr, Andy (R-KY)
Barrasso, John (R-WY)
Barrow, John (D-GA)
Barton, Joe (R-TX)
Bass, Karen (D-CA)
Baucus, Max (D-MT)
Beatty, Joyce (D-OH)
Becerra, Xavier (D-CA)
Begich, Mark (D-AK)
Benishek, Dan (R-MI)
Bennet, Michael (D-CO)
Bentivolio, Kerry (R-MI)
Bera, Ami (D-CA)
Bilirakis, Gus (R-FL)
Bishop, Rob (R-UT)
Bishop, Sanford (D-GA)
Bishop, Tim (D-NY)
Black, Diane (R-TN)
Blackburn, Marsha (R-TN)
Blumenauer, Earl (D-OR)
Blumenthal, Richard (D-CT)
Blunt, Roy (R-MO)
Boehner, John (R-OH)
Bonamici, Suzanne (D-OR)
Bonner, Jo (R-AL)
Boozman, John (R-AR)
Boustany, Charles (R-LA)
Boxer, Barbara (D-CA)
Brady, Kevin (R-TX)
Brady, Bob (D-PA)
Braley, Bruce (D-IA)
Bridenstine, Jim (R-OK)
Brooks, Mo (R-AL)
Brooks, Susan (R-IN)
Broun, Paul (R-GA)
Brown, Corrine (D-FL)
Brown, Sherrod (D-OH)
Brownley, Julia (D-CA)
Buchanan, Vern (R-FL)
Bucshon, Larry (R-IN)
Burgess, Mike (R-TX)
Burr, Richard (R-NC)
Bustos, Cheri (D-IL)
Butterfield, G.K. (D-NC)
Calvert, Ken (R-CA)
Camp, Dave (R-MI)
Campbell, John (R-CA)
Cantor, Eric (R-VA), John (R-TX)
Cartwright, Matt (D-PA)
Casey, Bob (D-PA)
Cassidy, Bill (R-LA)
Castor, Kathy (D-FL)
Castro, Joaquin (D-TX)
Chabot, Steve (R-OH)
Chaffetz, Jason (R-UT)
Chambliss, Saxby (R-GA)
Chu, Judy (D-CA)
Cicilline, David (D-RI)
Clarke, Yvette (D-NY)
Clay, William (D-MO)
Cleaver, Emanuel (D-MO)
Clyburn, Jim (D-SC)
Coats, Dan (R-IN)
Coble, Howard (R-NC)
Coburn, Tom (R-OK)
Cochran, Thad (R-MS)
Coffman, Mike (R-CO)
Cohen, Steve (D-TN)
Cole, Tom (R-OK)
Collins, Chris (R-NY)
Collins, Doug (R-GA)
Collins, Susan (R-ME))
Cotton, Tom (R-AR)
Courtney, Joe (D-CT)
Cowan, Mo (D-MA))
Daines, Steve (R-MT)Jarlais, Scott (R-TN)
Deutch, Ted (D-FL)
Diaz-Balart, Mario (R-FL)
Dingell, John (D-MI)
Doggett, Lloyd (D-TX)
Donnelly, Joe (D-IN))
Engel, Eliot (D-NY)
Enyart, Bill (D-IL)
Enzi, Mike (R-WY), Chris (R-NY)
Gillibrand, Kirsten (D-NY)
Gingrey, Phil (R-GA)
Gohmert, Louie (R-TX)
Goodlatte, Bob (R-VA)
Gosar, Paul (R-AZ)
Gowdy, Trey (R-SC)
Graham, Lindsey (R-SC)
Granger, Kay (R-TX)
Grassley, Chuck (R-IA)
Graves, Sam (R-MO)
Graves, Tom (R-GA)
Grayson, Alan (D-FL)
Green, Al (D-TX)
Green, Gene (D-TX)
Griffin, Tim (R-AR)
Griffith, Morgan (R-VA)
Grijalva, Raul (D-AZ)
Grimm, Michael (R-NY)
Guthrie, Brett (R-KY)
Gutierrez, Luis (D-IL)
Hagan, Kay (D-NC)
Hahn, Janice (D-CA)
Hall, Ralph (R-TX)
Hanabusa, Colleen (D-HI)
Hanna, Richard (R-NY)
Harkin, Tom (D-IA)
Harper, Gregg (R-MS)
Harris, Andy (R-MD)
Hartzler, Vicky (R-MO)
Hastings, Alcee (D-FL)
Hastings, Doc (R-WA))
Higgins, Brian (D-NY)
Himes, Jim (D-CT)
Hinojosa, Rubén (D-TX)
Hirono, Mazie (D-HI)
Hoeven, John (R-ND)
Holding, George (R-NC)
Holt, Rush (D-NJ)
Honda, Mike , Lynn (R-KS)
Johanns, Mike (R-NE)
Johnson, Bill (R-OH)
Johnson, Eddie (D-TX)
Johnson, Hank (D-GA)
Johnson, Ron (R-WI)
Johnson, Sam (R-TX)
Johnson, Tim (D-SD)
Jones, Walter (R-NC)
Jordan, Jim (R-OH)
Joyce, David (R-OH)
Kaine, Tim (D-VA)
Kaptur, Marcy (D-OH)
Keating, Bill (D-MA)
Kelly, Mike (R-PA)
Kelly, Robin (D-IL)
Kennedy, Joe (D-MA)
Kildee, Dan (D-MI)
Kilmer, Derek (D-WA)
Kind, Ron (D-WI)
King, Angus (I-ME)
King, Pete (R-NY)
King, Steve (R-IA)
Kingston, Jack (R-GA)
Kinzinger, Adam (R-IL)
Kirk, Mark (R-IL)
Kirkpatrick, Ann (D-AZ)
Kline, John (R-MN)
Klobuchar, Amy (D-MN)
Kuster, Annie (D-NH)
Labrador, Raúl (R-ID)
LaMalfa, Doug (R-CA)
Lamborn, Doug (R-CO)
Lance, Leonard (R-NJ)
Landrieu, Mary (D-LA)
Langevin, Jim (D-RI)
Lankford, James (R-OK)
Larsen, Rick (D-WA)
Larson, John (D-CT)
Latham, Tom (R-IA)
Latta, Bob (R-OH)
Lautenberg, Frank (D-NJ)
Leahy, Pat (D-VT)
Lee, Barbara (D-CA)
Lee, Mike (R-UT)
Levin, Carl (D-MI)
Levin, Sander (D-MI)
Lewis, John (D-GA)
Lipinski, Daniel )
Manchin, Joe (D-WV)
Marchant, Kenny (R-TX)
Marino, Thomas (R-PA)
Markey, Ed (D-MA)
Massie, Thomas (R-KY)
Matheson, Jim (D-UT)
Matsui, Doris (D-CA)
McCain, John (R-AZ)
McCarthy, Carolyn (D-NY))
McIntyre, Mike (D-NC)
McKeon, Buck (R-CA)
McKinley, David (R-WV)
McMorris Rodgers, Cathy (R-WA)
McNerney, Jerry (D-CA)ichaud, Mike (D-ME)
Mikulski, Barbara (D-MD)
Miller, Candice (R-MI)
Miller, Gary (R-CA)
Miller, George (D-CA)
Miller, Jeff (R-FL)
Moore, Gwen (D-WI)
Moran, Jim (D-VA)
Moran, Jerry (R-KS))
Negrete McLeod, Gloria (D-CA)
Nelson, Bill (D-FL)
Neugebauer, Randy (R-TX)
Noem, Kristi (R-SD)
Nolan, Rick (D-MN)
Nugent, Rich , Rand (R-KY)
Paulsen, Erik (R-MN)
Payne, Donald (D-NJ)
Pearce, Steve (R-NM)
Pelosi, Nancy (D-CA)
Perlmutter, Ed (D-CO)
Perry, Scott (R-PA)
Peters, Gary (D-MI)
Peters, Scott (D-CA)
Peterson, Collin (D-MN)
Petri, Tom (R-WI)
Pingree, Chellie (D-ME)
Pittenger, Robert (R-NC)
Pitts, Joe (R-PA)
Pocan, Mark (D-WI)
Poe, Ted (R-TX)
Polis, Jared (D-CO)
Pompeo, Mike (R-KS)
Portman, Rob (R-OH)
Posey, Bill (R-FL)
Price, David (D-NC)
Price, Tom (R-GA)
Pryor, Mark (D-AR)
Quigley, Mike (D-IL)
Radel, Trey (R-FL)
Rahall, Nick (D-WV)
Rangel, Charlie (D-NY)
Reed, Jack (D-RI)
Reed, Tom (R-NY)
Reichert, Dave (R-WA)
Reid, Harry (D-NV)
Renacci, Jim (R-OH)
Ribble, Reid (R-WI)
Rice, Tom (R-SC)
Richmond, Cedric (D-LA)
Rigell, Scott (R-VA)
Risch, James (R-ID)
Roberts, Pat (R-KS)
Roby, Martha (R-AL)
Rockefeller, Jay (D-WV)
Roe, Phil (R-TN)
Rogers, Hal (R-KY)
Rogers, Mike (R-AL)
Rogers, Mike )
Rubio, Marco (R-FL)
Ruiz, Raul (D-CA)
Runyan, Jon (R-NJ)
Ruppersberger, Dutch (D-MD)
Rush, Bobby (D-IL)
Ryan, Paul (R-WI)
Ryan, Tim (D-OH)
Salmon, Matt (R-AZ)
Sanchez, Linda (D-CA)
Sanchez, Loretta (D-CA)
Sanders, Bernie (I-VT)
Sanford, Mark (R-SC)
Sarbanes, John (D-MD)
Scalise, Steve (R-LA)
Schakowsky, Jan (D-IL)
Schatz, Brian (D-HI)
Schiff, Adam (D-CA)
Schneider, Brad (D-IL)
Schock, Aaron (R-IL)
Schrader, Kurt (D-OR)
Schumer, Chuck (D-NY)
Schwartz, Allyson (D-PA), Lamar (R-TX)
Southerland, Steve (R-FL)
Speier, Jackie (D-CA)
Stabenow, Debbie Ann (D-MI)
Stewart, Chris (R-UT)
Stivers, Steve (R-OH)
Stockman, Steve (R-TX)
Stutzman, Marlin (R-IN)
Swalwell, Eric (D-CA)
Takano, Mark (D-CA)
Terry, Lee (R-NE)
Tester, Jon (D-MT)
Thompson, Bennie (D-MS)
Thompson, Glenn (R-PA)
Thompson, Mike (D-CA)
Thornberry, Mac (R-TX)
Thune, John (R-SD)
Tiberi, Pat (R-OH)
Tierney, John (D-MA)
Tipton, Scott (R-CO)
Titus, Dina (D-NV)
Tonko, Paul (D-NY)
Toomey, Pat (R-PA)
Tsongas, Niki (D-MA)
Turner, Mike (R-OH)
Udall, Mark (D-CO))
Walorski, Jackie (R-IN)
Walz, Timothy (D-MN)
Warner, Mark (D-VA)
Warren, Elizabeth (D-MA)
Wasserman Schultz, Debbie (D-FL)
Waters, Maxine (D-CA)
Watt, Mel (D-NC)
Waxman, Henry (D-CA)
Weber, Randy (R-TX)
Webster, Dan (R-FL)
Welch, Peter (D-VT)
Wenstrup, Brad (R-OH))
Wolf, Frank (R-VA)
Womack, Steve (R-AR)
Woodall, Rob (R-GA)
Wyden, Ron (D-OR)
Yarmuth, John (D-KY)
Yoder, Kevin (R-KS)
Yoho, Ted (R-FL)
Young, Bill (R-FL)
Young, Don (R-AK)
Young, Todd (R-IN)
Select by Score
Senate
House of Representatives
What is a Progressive score?
|
Getting started
|
|
Keep in touch
<|endofexample|>
People Poll
More News
Local Weather
Current Conditions:
Cloudy, 78 F
Forecast:
Sat - AM Clouds/PM Sun. High: 93 Low: 75
Sun - AM Clouds/PM Sun. High: 93 Low: 75
Full Forecast at Yahoo! Weather
(provided by The Weather Channel)
MISSION - Marta Gonzalez, 58, passed away Tuesday, Sept. 18, 2012 at her residence in Mission. She was born to Gabriel and Estolia Guerra on July 17, 1954 in Edcouch.
She is preceded in death by three sisters and one brother.
Survivors include her husband, Juan Gonzalez; sons, Juan Gonzalez, Jr., Gabriel Gonzalez, Michael Gonzalez and Daniel Gonzalez; six brothers and two sisters; and five grandchildren.
The funeral mass will be held Friday, Sept. 21, at 10 a.m. at St. John of the Fields Catholic Church in Mission. Interment follows.
<|endofexample|>
»
 | No Comments »
I just saw a preview for some movie called The Core. It looked absolutely terrible, with a plot that came out of a committee meeting for sure. It also used some music ripped directly from the soundtrack to The Rock, that Jerry Bruckheimer retard-o-fest from several years ago. Do a lot of films do this? Use soundtrack music composed specifically for other films? Blah.
Tags: soundtrack, The Core, The Rock Posted in Archive | No Comments »
<|endofexample|>
These BigFoot Camo Tree Climbing Ladder Sticks are perfect to use along with out Lock on Tree Stand. You will be able to turn any tree into a perfect hunting spot. The ladder sticks tower to 12 feet high and feature staggered steps for easy climbing. The three peice construction allows you to easily transport as well.
To add this item to your shopping cart, select any options if available and enter a quantity. Then click the "add to your cart" button.
<|endofexample|>
.
how much were the hanging white lanterns you've shown?
I can't remember for sure, but I know I saw the brown iron lanterns
(similar to those) and they were $12.
Oh, here are the picture of the cake server and the the toast flutes
Cute toasting flutes! Good find!
I went to 3 different stores for my wedding dress, by far this was the b...
Kat has excellent customer service and made me feel EXTREMELY comfortabl...
The owner of this business, Marty Grusznis cannot be trusted. He used t...
<|endofexample|>
CJ's Parties, Events, Weddings & More
Box 258
Pompano Beach, FL 33073
(map) Phone: 954-401-6327
Reviews for CJ's Parties, Events, Weddings & More
GUEST
I definitely recommend Cheryl to anyone getting married in the South Florida area. She was able to work within our budget and still get us things we thought were out of our reach. She took the time to listen to what we wanted and did everything she could to make it possible for us to have the wedding we always wanted.
GUEST
Would recommend to anyone getting married in Broward County, FL. Totally professional and able to think "outside the box" to get the job done. WONDERFUL!!!!
GUEST
So glad we hired CJ's as our event coordinator. She handled everything, and made the entire day stress free.
THANKS!!!!
GUEST
Cheryl was terrific, and I am so glad that we hired her as our planner. She helped us find our way through the maze of vendors that was overwhelming. She put in 110% for us and we wouldn't have had flowers or photos if not for her last minute suggestions.
GUEST
CJ's was fabulous. Cheryl took the weight off our shoulders with the planning. She ran interference for us with all of our vendors and was able to get us extras we couldn't have on our own.
She was patient in listening to our concerns and answering our questions. I RECOMMEND her to everyone I meet!
About CJ's Parties, Events, Weddings & More
CJ’s specializes in Broward and Southern Palm Beach counties.
No price increases this year!
CJ's has frozen their prices - get all packages at 2008 prices!
FAQ for CJ's Parties, Events, Weddings & More
If having any outdoor festivities with your event - ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS, have a plan B. You can never know how the weather will be on the exact date of your event, and the last thing you want is to have your guests sitting on wet chairs from an early morning/afternoon shower or drenched in sweat during an unexpected heatwave.
TIP:
Once you pick a date, it is a good idea to have a back up date in mind. Reception and ceremony sites are often booked 6 months to a year in advance, and having a secondary date gives you the flexability to work with the venue of your choice.
TIP:
Consider Wedding Insurance! Even though you plan every minute detail, you can never plan for unexpected accidents and incidents. Wedding insurance can help you keep your sanity if something should happen. If your reception hall has a flood and has to cancel, or if the cake doesn't survive the transport, etc - wedding insurance will help you recover your losses. Definitely consider wedding insurance!
Deals for CJ's Parties, Events, Weddings & More
Events for CJ's Parties, Events, Weddings & More
<|endofexample|>
{Creative Eventology}
(map) Phone: 484-354-2663
Reviews for {Creative Eventology}
About {Creative Eventology}
Creative Eventology is a full service event planning company that specializes in weddings but is equipped to handle any event you can think of. We strive to make every event beautiful, meaningful, and unforgettable by customizing our planning and design packages to each couple. We guarantee you an exceptional event planning experience that will exceed your expectations. So make sure that you get the event you've been dreaming of and spend your special day the way you want to - celebrating with friends and family and not stressing about the logistics.
Leave the details to us.
You can get a hold of us at CreativeEventology@gmail.com or 484.354.2663. For more information about packages and pricing please visit our website at. Talk to you soon!
FAQ for {Creative Eventology}
Deals for {Creative Eventology}
Events for {Creative Eventology}
<|endofexample|>
Some 51 countries have confirmed their participation in the "Emerging Kerala 2012" investment meet to be held here Sep 12-14, officials said.
Alkesh Kumar Sharma, managing director of Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation (KSIDC), said the response has been tremendous. "Besides the 2,500 registered delegates, we will have around 300 VIPs comprising ambassadors, high commissioners and ministers from several countries."
KSIDC is the nodal agency for the event which will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
"Projects of 20 different sectors will be showcased. And as soon as this meet ends the Emerging Kerala secretariat will monitor the progress of every project," Sharma told IANS.
One of the mega projects is a high-speed rail corridor extending from the capital city Thiruvananthapuram to Mangalore at an investment of more than 1.50 lakh crore.
Other mega projects include the Kochi-Palakkad National Investment and Manufacturing Zone (NIMZ), a seaplane service, a titanium sponge project and an oceanarium project in Kochi.
"The presentations of the proposals would be made by officials and there would be projects where the state government participates directly and others where the government would be the facilitator," said Sharma.
The opposition, however, has waved the 'red flag' against the event.
"Look at the Centre, see the corruption scandal that has surfaced in the Coal sector. Similarly, this Emerging Kerala programme is showing signs of 'emerging corruption'. Already there are reports land is going to be given away at Wagamon and Nelliyampathy in the name of investments," said CPI-M leader V.S. Achuthanandan.
Achuthanandan said his party's participation in the event would depend on the answers the Oommen Chandy government provide. "Once the government gives us answers, then we will decide whether to participate or not," he said.
There are no comments on this article.
<|endofexample|>
© 2011-2007 ProKit UK Ltd - Serious Sport Football Boots and Football Training Equipment Specialist.
® Prokit is a registered trademark of Prokit UK Ltd.
ProKit UK are one of the UK's leading specialist retailers of cheap football boots, goalkeeper gloves, training equipment and teamwear. Our extensive range of football boots are suitable for most surfaces including soft ground (SG), firm ground (FG), mixed sole and Astroturf. ProKit UK stocks all leading brands of football boots including Nike, adidas, Puma and Umbro.
© 2011 eCommerce Solutions
<|endofexample|>
Operation Throw Obama Out
by, 10-09-2012 at 08:23 AM (1502 Views)
Operation Throw Obama Out is in effect! Seven pro-life candidates, including myself are running so that we can help to cause Obama's defeat.
Check out some of the hard-hitting ads that are already airing at.
FACT: Romney will not bring up important social issues, such as the murder of unborn children, or the war on marriage.
FACT: The TV Ads these candidates are running PUMMEL Obama in 7 Key Swing States.
FACT: If Obama loses these swing states, he loses the White House.
FACT: TV Ads of Federal Candidates MUST be aired UNCENSORED and UNEDITED.
These seven candidates are doing Romney's job by running hard-hitting ads, in order to help sway a small percentage of voters in the swing states who feel strongly about the social issues, but may have voted for Obama in 2008 based on "other issues."
Instead of giving to 501(c)(3) groups that cannot legally effect the election, give to these candidates to help run their pro-life ads. If you want to be a part of Operation Throw Obama Out, please give today at:.
<|endofexample|>
Monique Chawla
Monique joined Promise in April 2010 as a consultant. Since starting Monique has worked on projects for a range of clients including Aviva, P&O, One&Only and the World Gold Council.
She comes to Promise with an enthusiasm to learn, and curiosity that knows no bounds. She loves getting to know people and what makes them tick - consumers and clients alike. In her previous job, her experience was mostly in the media and technology field having worked on projects for clients including Nokia, BBC, CNN, Cartoon Network, Warburton's and UKTV. This has provided her with a breadth of experience in workshop facilitation, project management, and analysis and client relationships.
Monique graduated from Kings College at University of Cambridge in 2008 with a MEng in Manufacturing Engineering. Her background in engineering didn't stop her from wanting to move into the world of brands. Motivated by a desire to understand how brands and consumers can work more closely together lead her to a position at Promise.
Some of our team
Amy Tavaria
Arunima Kapoor
Cathy Verrieres
Doron Meyassed
Monique Chawla
Suzanne Crouch
Thea Bowden
<|endofexample|>
Item Number 10577180
dopp (r) delegate - top grain cowhide leather travel kit with center zipper closure and carrying loop.
Promotional Dopp (r) Delegate - Top Grain Cowhide Leather Travel Kit With Center Zipper Closure And Carrying Loop.
Price starts at $37.99 for 12 piece/s minimum (Save when you buy more!)
dopp (r) delegate - top grain cowhide leather travel kit with center zipper closure and carrying loop.
- Logo Imprint Details »
- Available Colors and Materials »
- Shipping Information »
- Production Schedule »
Imprint Method:Hot stamping
Price Includes:1-location imprint.
Price Includes:1-location imprint.
Color: Black
Material: Leather
Additional Color:additional colors/locations
second location imprint
imprint charge
running charge $0.75 (v), set up charge is only for new artwork set up charge $45 (v)
Material: Leather
Additional Color:additional colors/locations
second location imprint
imprint charge
running charge $0.75 (v), set up charge is only for new artwork set up charge $45 (v)
Ship Weight:15 / 20 lbs.
Packaging:packaging
bulk packaging -
FOB:florida
Packaging:packaging
bulk packaging -.
<|endofexample|>
Our DIY Scroll Fan Program Kit is not only a great way to let wedding guests know your ceremony details, but also provides a cool breeze. Perfect for any DIY bride; the included pre-designed templates allow you to personalize for your wedding theme and color needs. - Exclusively Weddings - 101-0104
<|endofexample|>
ProSmoke's headquarters and warehouses are all located in the United States! We were established in the Midwest by a unique team of researchers, developers, and business experts who were first of all smokers. Hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars has been invested to develop a product that performs the best,. Take an advantage of these exceptional deals we offer or contact us for some more information.
We look forward to share our mission of revolutionizing the new way of smoking
<|endofexample|>
.
NFL Headlines
Could McFadden, Pryor bring out the Wildcat in Tony Sparano?
Silver & Black Pride | Feb 14
<|endofexample|>
eBay—offering you complete eCommerce solutions for today, tomorrow and the future of your business.
Grow with Us
The opportunity to sell online has never been so accessible—or so affordable.
Get everything you need to sell online with a range of all-in-one packages priced to meet any budget.Compare Solutions »
Complete Solution
Everything you need for your online business in one convenient package.
- eCommerce hosting and storefront
- Shopping cart with real-time payments
- 24/7 product support and more!
Other online stores don't have half the features of ProStores.
ProStores Merchant since 2007 Their Story »
Affordable eCommerce
You deserve a solution that maximizes your profits, not ours.
- Complete packages start at just $29.95/mo.
- More than 150 free design themes
- Services to meet a range of budgets
When it comes to price, versatility, and ease of use, I don't see a better cart out there.
ProStores Merchant since 2003 Their Story »
End-to-End Security
Give customers and yourself peace of mind with industry-leading security.
- PCI Certified with SSL data encryption
- Secure checkout for your customers
- Secure store administration for you
With secure payment solutions like PayPal and Authorize.net our customers know they can shop safely on our ProStores storefront.
ProStores Merchant since 2006 Their Story »
Ultimate Flexibility
Set up ProStores to meet your individual business needs.
- Template-based or full custom design
- Basic to advanced settings and features
- Sell virtually any product or service
That expertise has allowed Samaly Cruz to take advantage of ProStores' scalability as Pelegrina's storefronts grow. "I like that we can keep adding features that work for our business."
ProStores Merchant since 2006 Their Story »
Services for your ProStores storefront
Going Mobile
Provide a seamless shopping experience with an optimized mobile version of your store.
Automated Ads
Managed advertising that's easy to turn on and track real-time customer behavior.
More Services
Grow your business with design and marketing services from our certified providers.
Connect with ProStores
ProStores eCommerce Blog
Get the latest tips, tools and advice from eCommerce
experts and our successful merchants.
eCommerce Blog »
Merchant Success Stories
Read how merchants have been able to succeed and grow their business with ProStores.
View »
<|endofexample|>
- Find Books, DVDs & More
- Classes & Events
- Research & Resources
- Support the Library
Sunday, November 6, 2011
2:00 PM-3:00 PM
Cost: Free
Providence Public Library
150 Empire Street
Providence, RI 02903
Room TBA
Providence Public Library presents its 2011-12 series of Family Learning Sundays, beginning November
Earthquakes, tornadoes, volcanic eruptions! Kids model and demonstrate the phenomena that shape our ever-changing planet while learning about plate tectonics, meteorology and more. PLEASE CALL 455-8025 TO REGISTER FOR THIS EVENT. SPACE IS LIMITED.
PPL’s Family Learning Sundays are FREE programs, made possible with funding in part from the Masonic Grand Lodge Charities of Rhode Island.
<|endofexample|>
GOT AN IPHONE, IPAD, IPOD TOUCH, SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB, OR ANDROID PHONE?
THEN BE SURE TO DOWNLOAD OUR NEW FREE APP
(or SEARCH "pro wrestling" in App Store or Android Marketplace)
12/26 Shore's WWE Main Event live coverage: Battle Royal to become Number One Contender for the United States Championship
Dec 26, 2012 - 07:00 PM
By Chris Shore
WWE Main Event on ION
Taped in Rochester, N.Y.
[Q1] The opening video aired, followed by the pyro, and Michael Cole and Miz opened the show at ringside as the last few entrants in the battle royal made their ring entrances. Antonio Cesaro joined the broadcast team. He and Miz bickered, with Cesaro calling him a "typical" American. Great Khali was the last man in the ring, and Cesaro said he did not want to be in the ring with Khali…
1. 20 Man Battle Royal to become the Number One Contender for the United States Championship. The bell rang and Cody attacked Santino, but it seemed like a mistake because everyone else stood still accept for Yoshi Tatsu, who attacked Khali. Khali tossed Yoshi over the top and the match broke out. Yoshi Tatsu was eliminated at 0:06.
Primo went flying over the top quickly. Primo was eliminated at 0:50 There were lots of teams trying to work together which lead to a bunch of false eliminations. Tyson Kidd used a head scissor to eliminate Drew McIntyre, which caused a chain reaction that led to both men and their partners being eliminated into the break. Drew McIntyre, Tyson Kidd, Jinder Mahal, and Justin Gabriel were eliminated at 4:07…
Back at 7:06, no one was announced as eliminated during the break, but one of the Usos was tossed pretty quickly. One Usos was eliminated at 7:44. William Regal was out a moment later. Willaim Regal was eliminated at 8:21. Epico tried to eliminate Santino, but he skinned the cat and eliminated Epico instead. Epico was eliminated at 9:19. Brodus and Khali faced off in a battle of power. It was a bad as you can imagine. Khali won to duel. Brodus Clay was eliminated at 9:53.
[Q2] The Other Uso was eliminated at 11:04. Khali went on a chop fest and got the crowd hot into the break…[C] Back at 14:09, Khali stalked the PTP, but a distraction allowed them to knock him down. Other guys jumped in and Khali came back and worked the PTP by himself and eliminated them both. He tossed both of Rhodes Scholar right after. The Primetime Players and Rhodes Scholars were eliminated at 16:00.
Barrett attacked Khali from behind and beat him down. Santino hit his offensive run, including the Cobra, on Barrett. Santino told Zack Ryder to to get Barrett, so Ryder hit a Broski Boot. Santino immediately tossed him over the top, but Barrett recovered quickly and tossed Santino too. Zack Ryder and Santino Marella were eliminated at 17:20.
Khali and Barrett faced off. Barrett hit a big boot and beat on Khali. Khali powered back and hit the chop in the corner to a huge response from the crowd. Khali tossed Barrett over the top and chopped him from the apron when Barrett stood…
The Great Khali won a battle royal to become the number one contender for the United States Championship at 18:46.
Post-match, Cesaro climbed in the ring and shook Khali's hand with no shenanigans…[C]
Shore's Slant: Holiday battle royal, baby! The match was what it was. Battle royals rarely make for good TV. This had a fun run up to the finish, and for those of us who cut our teeth on the Bunkhouse Stampede during December, all this needed was some cowboy boots, flannel, and a trash can lid.
Backstage, Matt Striker started to interview Khali, but Cesaro attacked him from behind. Khali chopped him and Cesaro ran off. Khali asked for another chance, I think, and then picked up the US Title. He said, "Happy New Year and see you next week." I only know that because Cole repeated it…
[Q3] A cheesy ass video showed the Alberto Del Rio/Santa Claus incidents from Raw. 3MB made their ring entrance…
Shore's Slant: Looks like I made the naughty list. I'm getting a coal match for Christmas.
The Miz TV segment from Tribute to the Troops aired…Back in the ring, 3MB was doing their air guitar gimmick. They have mics. Oh God no. Slater tried to introduce them, but he sold having laryngitis. McIntyre said they wouldn't be debuting their single because of it. He and Jinder called out Justin Gabriel and Tyson Kidd for what happened during the battle royal. Jinder closed with their new catch phrase, "You can't stop rock." Gabriel and Kidd were out next…
[Q4] 2. Jinder Mahal and Drew McIntyre (w/Heath Slater) vs. Justin Gabriel and Tyson Kidd. The heels took early control, but Gabriel and Kidd hit back to back dives into the commercial break…[C] Back from commercial, Gabriel and Kidd worked on McIntyre. I got something in my eye and missed how, but the heels took control again and worked over Kidd. The hot ass crowd for the battle royal died as Cole and Miz bickered like Cole and King.
Kidd escaped from McIntyre and they hit simultaneous crossbody blocks, allowing Gabriel to get the hot tag. Gabriel hit a tilt-a-whirl backbreaker for two. Gabriel went for the moonsault, the move that injured Slater on Monday, but McIntyre moved. McIntyre hit a sick kick for a great near fall that was mostly lost on the audience.
Jinder tagged in, but Gabriel hit him with a big move. McIntyre came in to make the save. The match broke down, but the babyfaces tossed McIntyre to the floor and hit a combo blockbuster for the win…
Justin Gabriel and Tyson Kidd defeated Jinder Mahal and Drew McIntyre at 15:08.
Shore's Slant: The match itself was about five minutes too long, and nobody cares about the competitors. They even made 3MB job. How are they supposed to get heat if they are jobbing out? Don't get me wrong, I hate the act. But the quality of the act has absolutely nothing to do with how WWE should be positioning these guys if they really like them. I don't get
<|endofexample|>
Monday Night Mayhem with Johnny Swinger
Hosts: The Big Mosh and Todd Vincent
Recap by Aaron Carnevale
Show available at WrestleView.com
His memories of working with his long-time tag team partner Simon Diamond and how competing together turned into a lifelong friendship: "He's the godfather of my son, and we were both the best man at each other's weddings. We go beyond the wrestling business at this point. He's doing the job he is supposed to be doing (in TNA Impact Wrestling), and he loves it. I'm happy for him. I wish I could work with him again someday, because there isn't anything more fun than working with your buddies. I miss our time together, because it was a lot of fun."
Whether or not he's considering a fun run with the WWE or TNA: "Another favorite saying is 'Never Say Never,' and I want to remind everybody again that I am 37, not 40, plus even though that doesn't mean anything to me. Clint Eastwood in Grand Torino was a badass at 75. It is all about how you're presented. I intend to keep doing this in the future. I worked in both of those places, and I would love to work there again."
If it's a worthwhile and productive idea idea to debut new Superstars at big Pay-Per-Views like we saw at the WWE Survivor Series with Seth Rollins, Dean Ambrose, and Roman Reigns: "They (the WWE) got the vehicle with their Pay-Per-Views, and their TV is still huge. I learned from Vince (McMahon) that perception is reality, and if you send a couple of these guys out on a big show, you're telling these people that these guys are premiere talent. They are going to do something the night you initially watched them (on the Pay-Per-View), they are going to do something the next night (on Raw), and the next show thereafter. But what greater place to make an impact than on one of their major Pay-Per-Views, because they were presented like players."
Much more is contained in Johnny Swinger's exclusive interview with Monday Night Mayhem, including his candid thoughts on what he credits for ensuring a long career in the industry, the adjustments he made to keep himself safe inside and outside the ring, who he tried to emulate his style after, whether or not he has been contacted to appear on future ECW-themed events (Extreme Rising, House of Hardcore), how impressed he is at the drawing power of those promotion's recent shows, why "ECW Originals" still compete today, Paul Heyman as a motivator and inspirational leader, the legacy of Extreme Championship Wrestling, the significance of the November to Remember Pay-Per-Views, what he feels the long-term plans might have been for an "extreme revival" in TNA after the initial HardCORE Justice PPV, the differences between the current independent scene vs. that of 20 years ago, plus so much more!
From PROWRESTLING.NET
Johnny Swinger on the debut of Seth Rollins, Dean Ambrose, and Roman Reigns, his friendship with TNA agent Simon Diamond, whether he's interested in a WWE or TNA run
Posted in: MISC News, Interview Highlights
By
Nov 26, 2012 - 10:34 AM
Nov 26, 2012 - 10:34 AM
<|endofexample|>
Toronto, Ontario (PRWEB) February 26, 2013
Toronto’s BIG3 Video Agency is a healthy alternative to the large, all-encompassing ad agencies, and a giant leap in quality from the results of cheaply produced online videos. They fit right in the middle - providing quality high definition video, and marketing campaigns, without the heavy price tag of a larger ad agency. Online video is all they do, and they do it well.
The BIG3 Strategy:
The BIG3 online marketing portfolio is a testament to their approach in creating online videos that are diverse, and work on several levels. By maintaining high standards in video quality, clarity of message, like-ability, and share-ability, they marry message with emotion. They create ads that bring value by not just getting views, but also keeping the audience engaged.
Engagement is the name of the game. The more interest a viewer has in a product, program, or service, the more engagement that company will get in return. In addition to positioning brands in new and exciting ways, BIG3 also brings the F and F factor – Fun and Funny permeates everything they do!
BIG3 Gets Results:
BIG3 works with a number of ad networks, social media companies, SEO specialists, and portals, in order to push your video in the right direction. They also provide social media consultation to help you get it out there.
As an example - BIG3 helped their client Green Lotus promote their inaugural social media workshop with a video that saw returns over 10 times the intended result, all from one carefully placed online ad. Now Green Lotus is expanding successfully. What worked? BIG3 created a video centered around a pig named Doug, the mascot of the Donate & Learn Social Media Workshop. The video was funny, likeable, and shareable. At the workshop participants even asked (sincerely) if Doug was going to be there!
Companies like GoPro and Old Spice have gone to great lengths to run online video campaigns, with amazing success. BIG3, in one video, created a huge turnout! When placed in a strategic campaign over a year, the results can be even more staggering. The compounding engagement can create views that have been proven over time to result in new, loyal, and repeated customers.
BIG3 Understands Client Needs:
BIG3 offers a variety of online video services tailored to client needs, and always handles clients with care and responsibility. They work with the client through discovery sessions, to find a point where everyone is happy with the creation. They encourage participation in the development process, understanding that no one knows your business better than you do. Their job is to understand a client’s business (primary message, desired result) and extrapolate an engaging vision that will serve all parties, and most importantly, the targeted online audience.
“What the video allowed us to do was gain a personal connection with people, to entertain, encourage comments, and engagement. With a great video the audience forgets that they are being pushed a message, instead - it is something they are interacting with!
I’ve worked with a lot of agencies and when you do a video marketing campaign, it can really push an agency to its limits because of all the factors involved.
With BIG3, I was pleasantly surprised because they were getting things done well in advance of my deadlines… We even had an extra week to use the video in our campaign!”
BIG3 Video Agency: 1 Yonge Street - Suite 1801, Toronto, Ontario, M5E 1E5. Tel: (416) 989 0315
<|endofexample|>
Miami, FL (PRWEB) February 26, 2013
AvMed has launched a television public awareness campaign for the next 6 months to highlight health and wellness. The focus of “Wake Up to Good Health/Amanezca Saludable,” is to empower individuals with the tools to improve their health.
The campaign encourages personal responsibility for a healthy lifestyle with a theme of “Small changes, Big Impact.” The spots will air on NBC and Univision and feature long-time South Florida news personalities, Bob Mayer and Ileana Bravo.
Segments will focus on nutrition, exercise, stress management and cholesterol numbers that will drive viewers to an engaging website filled with wellness tips and primers on health insurance for individuals and employers. The online component of the campaign will make it available across all AvMed markets.
“Studies have shown that the majority of employers’ health care costs are impacted significantly by conditions that are preventable and can be managed by encouraging healthy lifestyles,” said James M. Repp, AvMed Senior Vice President. “This consumer campaign complements what we’ve been telling our employers all along, Healthy Employees = Healthy Bottom Line.”
AvMed strives to help groups improve the health of their employees. Employers who invest in employee wellness will see savings though reduced absenteeism, hospital admissions and sick days. “It’s a win-win for both the employer and the employee,” added Repp.
You can check out the campaign at or.
About AvMed Health Plans
AvMed, one of the oldest and largest not-for-profit health plans in the state, has been providing health care coverage to Florida citizens and businesses for over 40 years. AvMed offers health coverage options to large and small employers in most major markets around the state; Medicare Advantage products in Broward and Miami-Dade counties, and Individual coverage in Broward, Miami-Dade and Palm Beach counties. For more information about AvMed, visit.
<|endofexample|>
(PRWEB UK) 12 March 2013
It has been reported that the campaign, which is being trialled in the North West of the country has helped to save lives already. The data collected by Gas Safe Register, the UK’s official gas safety authority, has revealed that nearly 1 in 5 gas appliances were unsafe and could have resulted in gas explosions, fires, leaks or carbon monoxide poisoning. Tests were carried out on appliances in 1,616 homes.
Providing plumbers in Poplar, We Fix Now also offer a number of around-the-clock, fully registered engineers. The team regularly work to promote awareness of gas safety and so found the new figures released by Gas Safe Register to be particularly alarming. A representative from the firm shares some tips of how their readers can stay gas safe in their homes.
“There are two main ways to ensure you and your family are not at risk of carbon monoxide poisoning- through the care you take and through being vigilant over who deals with your appliances. Only ever let a Gas Safe Registered individual install, maintain or even service your appliances such as cookers. If you do come across someone working without registration you can report them through the Gas Safe Register website.
“It is also important to only ever use gas appliances for their intended purposes. There are still stories of people who use gas cookers to heat rooms but this is putting you and your family at a significant risk.”.
<|endofexample|>
Boston, MA (PRWEB) March 13, 2013
March 13 2013 - Karmaloop.com, the leading web retailer for streetwear and urban clothes, today announced an exclusive offering from Bespoke Cut & Sew, the California custom hat company.
“Bespoke Cut & Sew has created a capsule collection of customized strapback hats exclusively for sale on Karmaloop.com,” said Greg Selkoe, Karmaloop founder and president. “The Bespoke Cut & Sew for Karmaloop Collection features hats for the Brooklyn Nets, Chicago Bulls, San Jose Sharks and Oakland Raiders. This is some pretty dope headwear - fans won’t be disappointed.”
The collection features Mitchell & Ness hats that Bespoke has customized with faux skins and custom fabrics. Each wool-blend hat features an embroidered team logo on the front and a signature Mitchell & Ness embroidered logo on the back.
Based in Rancho Cucamonga, CA, Bespoke has quickly become one of the hottest names in hip hop hats and customized hats, transforming snapbacks and strapbacks with fabrics like leathers, silks and suedes into some of the most sought-after headwear in the industry. “Bespoke is the big name in streetwear hats right now,” said Selkoe. “They specialize in producing one-of-a-kind hats with hand-sewn bills and custom fabrics that are designed to customer specs. They’ve put together a pretty unique collection for Karmaloop.”
Fans of Bespoke hats and the four teams in this collection can purchase hats from the Karmaloop collection at.
About Karmaloop.com
Karmaloop.com is the leading online retailer for global urban clothing.
<|endofexample|>
Miami, FL (PRWEB) July 31, 2012
Hip-hop artist J-Star has released the mixtape “Free Agent.” The 11 track project is presented by Coast 2 Coast Mixtape Promotion and hosted by DJ Mustard. The mixtape is now available for download.
J-Star was born in Jamaica but is now a citizen of Canada living in Toronto. He is an actor who recently decided to follow his passion as a music artist.
“The difference between rapping and acting begins at its origin. Acting is stimulated by the mind, rapping is stimulated from the heart and transferred to the public unselfishly,” says J-Star.
J-Star lives his life without boundaries or limitations and is determined to use his craft to make a name for himself in the hip-hop world. For him, music is an additional outlet to acting he uses to express creativity. In his music, J- Star uses innovative lyrics to talk about his life experiences including the struggles of being an entrepreneur during the recession. He is signed to Young Entertainment and aims not to change hip-hop, but to use his talents to add to the evolution of it.
“Free Agent,” is currently available for streaming and download. Keep up with all J-Star.
###
<|endofexample|>
Roslyn, NY (PRWEB) March 21, 2013
Everyone sweats. Sweating is the body's essential cooling mechanism, the natural way of regulating the body's temperature. We sweat more in warm weather, when we exercise and when we're frightened, nervous, angry or embarrassed. But millions of people sweat excessively. Their sweat glands are overactive, producing sweat even without the typical triggers and producing far more sweat than needed to cool the body. “Excessive sweating, known medically as hyperhidrosis, causes a great deal of physical and emotional discomfort,” says Dr. Joshua Fox of Advanced Dermatology, P.C.“Until recently, sufferers have had limited treatment options, most of which suppress or disable the sweat glands only temporarily, requiring repeated treatments. Now we can offer a new procedure that is effective, non-invasive and long lasting.”
Advanced Dermatology now offering MiraDry®
Although many underlying medical conditions and some medications can cause excessive sweating, the majority of cases occurs in healthy people and has no identifiable cause, although the condition appears to run in families. Known as primary hyperhidrosis, this type can affect the hands, feet and underarms and, according to the National Institutes of Health, affects 2-3% of the population. Underarm problems tend to appear in late adolescence and, untreated, may continue throughout life. “Adults with primary axillary hyperhidrosis – excessive underarm sweat – can be helped with a new procedure called MiraDry®,” says Dr. Fox. Patients with embarrassing sweating outbreaks can now stop ruining their outfits and benefit from this new treatment and cutting edge technology. Advanced Dermatology, PC is the first to offer MiraDry® in Westchester, the south shore of Long Island, Queens and Union City, NJ. It is also available in the 5 other N.Y. and N.J. Advanced Dermatology offices.
MiraDry® uses precisely controlled electromagnetic energy to eliminate underarm sweat glands. Because the glands don't grow back, the procedure produces a dramatic and long-lasting reduction in underarm sweat. “The body has between 2 and 4 million sweat glands,” says Dr. Papantoniou, “only 2% of which are located under the arms. So eliminating underarm sweat glands do not affect the body's cooling mechanism, but it does get rid of over 80% of the apocrine and eccrine glands.”
The MiraDry® system has been approved by the FDA. The procedure is performed in the doctor's office and is non-invasive; no surgical incisions are made. The underarm area is numbed to lessen or eliminate discomfort and multiple placements of the MiraDry® system deliver precisely controlled amounts of energy to the area, destroying the sweat glands. The procedure takes about an hour and the patient can usually resume normal activities immediately. There is little or no down time. Some soreness or swelling is common and generally resolves in a few weeks. Two treatments three months apart are suggested to maximize long lasting results.
Alternative treatments for excessive underarm sweating include strong anti-perspirants, which plug the sweat glands; Botox injections, which temporarily block the nerves that stimulate sweating; and drugs that help prevent stimulation of the sweat glands. “These options have been effective for some people but all have unpleasant side effects and provide only temporary relief,” Dr. Papantoniou says. “Our patients have been very pleased with the convenience and results of the MiraDry® treatment. In a recent clinical trial, the average reduction in underarm sweat was 82% and the reduction was generally noticeable almost immediately.”
“Excessive sweating is a frustrating condition that affects the quality of life for millions of people,” Dr. Fox concludes. “We're pleased to be able to offer a solution that is non-invasive, effective and long lasting.”
MiraDry® is a registered trademark of Miramar Labs, Inc.
Advanced Dermatology P.C., the Center for Laser and Cosmetic Surgery (New York & New Jersey) provides cutting edge medical, laser & cosmetic dermatology and plastic surgery services.
Bios:. Kaleroy Papantoniou, M.D., F.A.A.D., is board-certified in dermatology and specializes in all areas of medical dermatology for adults and children, the prevention and treatment of skin cancer, cosmetic dermatology and laser surgery.
<|endofexample|>
?
Winner
Edelman and MTD: Yard-Man Mow Across America
Edelman was charged by client MTD to boost interest in its Yard-Man line of riding lawn mowers, but without the benefit of any new product news. The Edelman team wasn't discouraged by the task, however, deciding to reprise and update the cross-country Mow Across America campaign, which had been used to successfully launch the mowers.
Yard-Man spokesman Brad Hauter, an “all-American guy,” was enlisted to ride a tractor-sized grass cutter across the country, from California to the East Coast. The stunt not only provided great visuals, but also was well-targeted to the key demographic of men ages 24 and up. In fact, Hauter's engaging personality and the quirkiness of the trip became an integral part of numerous news segments. Despite setbacks such as the announcement of war in Iraq on kickoff day and having a mower stolen along the route, the campaign was well received.
“It was a smart idea and a good way to utilize the product,” said one judge. “It really nailed its target audience,” said another. A third commended the plan for being “well conceived” and having “multiple levels.”
The visual of Hauter cruising his lawn mower in front of well-known sites such as the Golden Gate Bridge, Times Square, and the White House was a huge media draw, but Edelman didn't rely solely on the landscape to generate interest. The agency pitched the story with local angles in 24 key markets across the country. This included stops at the headquarters of MTD partner Wal-Mart in Bentonville, AK, and events in towns where MTD operates production plants. In other markets, Edelman developed stunts that would be interesting locally, such as having Hauter mow across the ice during an NHL game in Phoenix.
In all, the b-roll distributed by Edelman earned more than 52 million media impressions, including stories on national outlets like Good Morning America and CNN's American Morning. The target demographic was specifically reached through media hits including coverage on CNN's Sports Tonight, ESPN's SportsCenter, and MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann. The footage was also used locally in more than 140 different markets. Most impressively, MTD's total sales at Wal-Mart rose 30% due to an increase in Yard-Man sales, including a 50% increase in sales of riding mowers.
Honorable Mention
Weber Shandwick and the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism: Broadcasting live from the Bahamas
The Islands of the Bahamas rely on tourism to keep their economy afloat, but for six months each year, the threat of hurricanes keeps both tourists and businesses on edge. Weber Shandwick was hired by the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism to boost visits to the islands, especially during hurricane season. The team decided to address the hurricane issue head-on, creating an annual Bahamans Weather Conference for meteorologists across the country. Weather presenters not only broadcast live from the islands during their stay, but also learned how to differentiate the many islands that make up the chain, thus increasing the accuracy of weather reporting. For instance, during Hurricane Isabel, the ministry reached out to attendees with information about the storm's exact path, allowing meteorologists to inform viewers that it was hundreds of miles from prime tourist destinations.
Finalists 2004
Edelman and MTD: Yard-Man Mow Across America
Equals Three Communications and National Institute of Mental Health: Real men. Real depression
GoToMyPC Public Relations: Guarding against identity theft
Weber Shandwick and the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism: Broadcasting live from the Bahamas
Weber Shandwick and General Mills, Yoplait Light Yogurt: Yoplait Light Yogurt – New study finds yogurt may help burn body fat
Sponsored by Worldcom Public Relations Group
The largest network of independent PR firms, the Worldcom Public Relations
Group offers broad reach with local knowledge through on-the-ground, market-savvy communicators dedicated to client satisfaction.
© 2013 Haymarket Media, Inc.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization.
Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
<|endofexample|>
EU PlayStation Plus content for August and September.
The pick of the bunch is the complete season of Sam & Max: The Devil’s Playhouse, an excellent point-and-click adventure game from Telltale Games.
James Thorpe, the PlayStation Network Product Manager, says Sam & Max and Abe’s Oddysee were games that PlayStation Plus users were calling for:
“In this content list and the months to come, we will be using the suggestions of game content you gave use recently on here, and trying to include the most requested games wherever we can. We’ve already acted on some of your suggestions and have put fan favourites Oddworld: Abe’s Oddysee and Sam and Max: The Devil’s Playground (the entire season) into the games you get.”
There have been some great discounts as well: PlayStation Plus users will get a 50% reduction for both Metal Gear Solid and Warhawk, and a full game trial will be available for Warhawk if you’re still in doubt. Be aware, there is some confusion regarding the discount for Warhawk as it is listed elsewhere in the list as having a 20% reduction. We’ll update this as soon as we have clarification.
PlayStation Plus owners will also get a 24 hour timed exclusive demo for Mafia II. This will be pushed to your system on Tuesday 10th August, if you have automatic downloads turned on, otherwise you can access via the PlayStation Plus section of the PlayStation Store.
James Thorpe has encouraged everyone to go over to the PlayStation Blog and let his team know what games you would like to see. He has also told us to stay alert for “some more exclusive, surprise treats coming to Plus in August and September.”
Here’s what will be available to Plus members from Aug 4th – Aug 31st:
Downloadable Games
- Zen Pinball
minis
- Blast-Off
- Alien Zombie Death
PSOne Classic
- Medievil
Full Game Trial
- Infamous
- Mushroom Wars
Exclusive Discounts
- Zen Pinball Earth Defense Table – 20%
- Warhawk Triple Combo Pack – 50%
- GT Club PS3/PSN – 50%
- WipeOut HD Fury – 20%
DLC
- MotorStorm Pacific Rift: Adrenaline Pack
Automatic download demo
- Pixel Junk Shooter
- Mafia 2
Dynamic themes
- Exclusive PlayStation Plus Theme
- Exclusive ‘Clock’ Theme
Premium avatars
- Heavy Rain characters x 2
And here is what you can expect to see from the 1st Sept – 30th Sept:
Downloadable Games
-
<|endofexample|>
July 24, 2012 | Vol. 13 No. 16
Collectors Club
SMR Price Guide
Pop Report
Facts
Services
Set Registry
SM
The Black Swamp Find: A Remarkable Discovery of E98 Baseball Cards
The Black Swamp Find has quickly become the most talked about subject in the hobby, reaching the mainstream media throughout the world. Sitting in an Ohio attic was a box, filled with hundreds of 1910 E98 baseball cards that are worth millions of dollars in today's market. The names include such legends as Ty Cobb, Honus Wagner, Cy Young and Connie Mack. What takes this find to an entirely different level is the remarkable condition that most of the cards were found in. Is this the greatest baseball card find in history?
to read more about this astonishing discovery.
Barry Larkin Becomes a Cooperstowner
Barry Larkin was inducted into the baseball's Hall of Fame on Sunday, joining the all-time greats of the game. Larkin wasn't the flashiest player on the field but he was the consummate professional and certainly one of the best ever at his position - shortstop. This 12-time All Star and former NL MVP had a well-rounded game, excelling at the plate and in the field. Evidence of that is clearly shown as a result of his 9 Silver Slugger and three Gold Glove awards. In the following article, we look at Larkin's great career through his most desirable cards.
More...
Set Registry Spotlight
707sportscards LTD Finally - The Number One Current Finest 1935 Goudey - Master Baseball Set.
for a look.
PSA Set Registry Luncheon
We are looking forward to seeing everyone in Baltimore. We have an exciting program planned for the luncheon. Reservations were due on 7/18, however if you have not yet RSVP'd and would like to attend, Please contact
setregistry@collectors.com
and you'll be added to the standby list.
HURRY - Set Registry Special Ends 7/31!
All Sports and Non-Sports - $10 Per Card/10-card minimum - cards valued under $250 each.
for details.
* * * * * * * * * * *
Join PSA and PSA/DNA at the 33rd National Sports Collectors Convention in Baltimore, MD - August 1-5
The National is the biggest and most important sports collectibles convention on PSA's and PSA/DNA's calendar every year. We pull out all the stops with numerous grading and authentication specials, and this year is no exception:
Onsite card grading starting at $35 per card
$10 autograph authentication special for any autographs obtained on-site
Quantity discounts available for bulk submissions
Click
HERE
to see more grading specials, details and events.
* * * * * * * * * * *
PSA Will Display Headline-Making E98 "Cards From The Attic" at 2012 National
A century-old treasure trove of 1910-era E98 cards discovered in an Ohio house attic will be displayed by Professional Sports Authenticator and Heritage Auctions at the National Sports Collectors Convention in Baltimore, August 1 - 5, 2012.
for details.
Clean Sweep Auctions July All Sport Autograph and Memorabilia Auction, Ends July 25 and 26
The latest major Clean Sweep Auction ends.
to read more!
Greg Bussineau Sports Rarities' Summer 2012 Vintage Trading Cards and Memorabilia Auction: Ends Thursday, July 26. Final Week to Bid
This is the final week to place bids. The auction features 539 lots of important rarities, finest known examples, legendary Hall-of-Famer cards, and complete sets. The closing date is Thursday, July 26th.
to read more!
Highlights From the Black Swamp Find of 1910 E98 Baseball Cards Set to Lead Heritage Auctions' Platinum Night Sports Event
for more!
PSA Show Services at the National Sports Collectors Convention, August 1-5, 2012
to find out more!
Memory Lane Opens Historic Rarities Auction, July 30.
for more details!
Upcoming PSA Shows
33rd National Sports Collectors Convention
8/1 - 8/5/2012
JP Sports & Rock Solid Promotions- East Coast National
8/16 - 8/19/2012
Honabach & Sons Present PSA/DNA Days at Frank and Sons Collectibles Show
8/18/2012
Fantasy Football Fest 2012
8/18 -8/19/2012
View Full Calendar »
A PSA/DNA Original Photograph Guide – A Visual Tour of Photos Used to Create Baseball Cards and Memorabilia.
to view online.
Collectors Corner
21,693 Cards for Sale Today valued at $3,533,697
Most Recent Listings:
1932 U.S. Caramel 17 Al Simmons Baseball PSA EX-MT 6...$875.00
1951 Berk Ross 2-3 Tommy Henrich PSA NM-MT 8...$295.00
1936 S and S Game Paul Waner PSA Mint 9...$175.00
Most Valuable Listings:
1952 Topps 311 Mickey Mantle PSA NM-MT 8OC...$34,000
1909 E90-1 American Caramel Joe Jackson PSA VG 3...$26,500
1911 Turkey Red Cabinets T3 & T9 Ty Cobb Checklist Back PSA EX 5...$14,500.00
Survey Question
Where would you rank The Black Swamp Find in the history of baseball card finds?
It is clearly #1, the greatest baseball card find of all-time.
It is one of the best, but there might be one or two other better finds.
It is a decent one but there are plenty of more impressive finds.
It is definitely not the best and shouldn't even be in the discussion..
<|endofexample|>
Grace Paley: Collected Shorts
USA, 2010, 74 Minute Running Time
Topics: Biopic, Documentary, Family Friendly, Jewish Interest, Political, Woman Director, Women
Programs: Best of the Fest, True StoriesLanguage: English
Lilly Rivlin’s intimate documentary is a rich, inspiring brilliantly sad and funny chronicles of Jewish American urban females much like her. Her New York tales, filled with an emotional and sexual frankness especially bold for the 1950s, soon became classics of the short fiction form. Not content to rest on her laurels, the highly principled Paley combined her evolving literary career with passionate political activism. She spent considerable time on the front lines of the anti-war and women’s movements, where she endured being arrested time and again. Rivlin’s film confidently juggles all aspects of Paley’s extraordinary story, told in candid recollections and passionate readings by Paley herself, along with fond remembrances by literary critics, family and writer-friends Allan Gurganas and Alice Walker. Winner, Audience Award, Woodstock Film Festival and Denver Film Festival.
DIRECTOR: Lilly Rivlin
Producer: Lilly Rivlin, Co-Producer Margaret MurphyEditor: Pola RapaportScreenwriter: Lilly RivlinCinematographer: Danae Elon, Wolfgang Held, Matthew Marshall, Emiko Omori, Martina Radwan, Lilly Rivlin, Liz RubinPrincipal Cast: Principal Interviewees: Grace Paley, Esther M. Broner, Claudia Dreifus, Daniela Gioseffi, Vivian Gornick, Donna GouldFilmography: Can You Hear Me? Israeli and Palestinian Women Fight for Peace (2006), Gimme a Kiss (2000)Print Source: The National Center for Jewish Film -
<|endofexample|>
MiThRaZoR
01-12-2006, 02:53
I know that the Durabis Technology will be on the Blu-Ray disc and will protect it from scratches, dust, fingerprints, and whatnot. But what about the lens for Blu-Ray, I don't want to keep cleaning the lens like the PS2 lens. On the old fat PS2. I heard you had to clean the lens every now and then. You think Sony will use the Durabris technology on the lens?
I'm just wondering.
I'm just wondering.
<|endofexample|>
Latest PSU headlines:
About grams506
Basic Information
About grams506
- Country:
- BAHAMAS
- Biography:
- My hobbies are playing basketball, long tennis and sometimes watching movies.
- Location:
- phillippines
- Interests:
- I am nice, simple and romantic person.
- Occupation:
- Manager
Signature
No results to show...
<|endofexample|>
EA has released a new trailer for Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit entitled “Uncovered.” The video features various clips of gameplay and details about the upcoming demo and game.
According to the trailer, Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit will pit cops vs racers on over 100 miles of highway and for those interesed in trying out a demo, EA revealed a demo will be available October 26th. Check out the trailer below and brand new screenshots in our image gallery here.
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit is out November 19th. Definitely keep an eye on this title when it hits stores next month.
Posted in News | Tagged Criterion Games, demo, ea, Electronic Arts, gameplay, images, News, PS3, PSN, release date, screenshots, trailer, video | October 5, 2010
can’t wait! Criterion are awesome.
<|endofexample|>
Behavioral Science Working Group Looks at IRB Regulations
A federal advisory group is examining issues relating to the protection of human subjects in behavioral and social science research in order to provide input to a broader assessment of institutional review boards (IRB) and other elements in the human research protection system. Psychologists and others from the behavioral and social sciences disciplines have long been concerned that the current system of regulatory protections do not adequately reflect the aspects of their research that are distinct from biomedical research involving human subjects.
Formed in April, the Social and Behavioral Science working group is co-chaired by APS Fellow and Charter Member Felice Levine, executive director of the American Sociological Association, and psychologist Jeffrey Cohen, Director of the Division of Education of the Office of Human Research Protection.
The working group is looking at issues in three areas: 1) Public Use Data Files, 2) Risk and Harm, and 3) Third Parties.
PUBLIC USE DATA FILES
The working group’s objectives on this topic include a clearer definition of the term “public use data file,” and more guidance for IRBs on this issue. The group’s recommendations would not necessarily require a change in the federal regulations; they are intended to educate IRBs and others regarding the applicability of the Common Rule to social and behavioral science research and to ensure uniformity among IRBs in determining whether a data file contains identifiable information.
RISK AND HARM
THIRD PARTIES
The Common Rule does not address third parties. In fact, no formal policy exists on whether third parties should be considered human subjects. The working group would like to see more emphasis placed on privacy protection, rather than the broadening the definition of “human subject” to include third parties. There is concern that IRB workload will increase dramatically if every third party is deemed a human subject, in which case informed consent, or a waiver, would be needed. This could affect the progress of research significantly.
The working group operates under the auspices of the National Human Research Protection Advisory Committee (NHRPAC), which is the advisory group for the Office of Human Research Protection, the lead federal entity for human subjects protection. The group is charged with making recommendations to NHRPAC that will enhance the operations of IRBs and the human subject protection system as it relates to behavioral and social sciences.
Levine and Cohen both have indicated that professional societies such as APS have an important role to play in achieving progress on these issues. Last June, Cohen met with a group of leading psychology researchers at the APS annual convention in Toronto to get their views on problems with IRBs and other elements of the human research protection system. In addition to working with professional societies, the group also has worked closely with a National Science Foundation subcommittee on human subject protection in the behavioral and social sciences.
Leave a comment below and continue the conversation.
Comments go live after a short delay. Thank you for contributing.
<|endofexample|>
Book Search
1-1 of 1 results for Author: wolf w von maltzahn (sorted by Publication Date, showing all)
Clinical Engineering
Series: Principles and Applications in Engineering
A volume in the Principles and Applications in Engineering series, Clinical Engineering focuses on managing the deployment of medical technology and integrating it appropriately with desired clinical practices. It provides a description of the wide range of responsibilities clinical engineers...
Published March 25th 2003 by CRC Press
<|endofexample|>
A wide variety of career opportunities are available to students who prepare for actual work situations through practical training in welding processes, blueprint reading and sketching.
Students in this program learn to weld in the four main welding positions on fillet welds and plate using several welding processes. This certificate prepares the graduate for employment in a variety of industrial and construction settings.
Program Location: Greenwood or Laurens County
Contact Information: Jim Fleming
Updated 4/18/2012
If possible, new students should contact welding faculty (Jim Fleming or Jim Ladd) during the advisement process.
Students who start in fall or spring can begin with welding coursework. New students entering summer should be advised to take general education or developmental coursework.
Students who works alternating shifts are encouraged to enroll in the certificate program and to rotate between day and evening classes.
Students may earn a welding diploma by taking the following courses beyond this certificate: ENG 165, MAT 170, PSY 103, WLD 117, WLD 132, WLD 136, WLD 154, WLD 208, WLD 212.
Student should be prepared to purchase welding supplies costing approximately $85.
A Journeyman Welding Certificate is offered in Laurens. Contact the Laurens Campus for advisement and registration. Students in the Laurens program who wish to complete the D.A.S. in Welding can take additional courses on the Lex Walters (Greenwood) campus.
Advisement Information updated 10/10/2011
<|endofexample|>
Now Playing
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
Connect with Us
Behind the Mics
Music Interviews
4:01 pm
Wed November 14, 2012
Charlie Watts On What Makes 'Satisfaction' So Satisfying
Originally published on Wed November 14, 2012 5:15 pm.
9(MDA5Njc0ODg4MDEzNDA5MTE5NDRhNDMzYw004))
Transcript
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
This week, we're talking to The Rolling Stones one by one. They're celebrating their 50th anniversary as a band and we asked each of the Stones to pick one song from their archive to talk about. Yesterday, Keith Richards riffed on "Street Fighting Man," and today, we'll hear from drummer Charlie Watts, at 71, the eldest statesman of the band.
As the Stones' website says, despite resigning after ever tour since 1969, Charlie continues to be the heartbeat of The Rolling Stones.
CHARLIE WATTS: So I chose "Satisfaction," honey.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
WATTS: It was just the first really big record we ever made. And it's an iconic riff. It just sums up the whole period, really.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
MICK JAGGER: (Singing) I can't get no satisfaction. I can't get no satisfaction. 'Cause I try, and it try, and I try and try. I can't get no.
BLOCK: Do you remember, as you were recording it, thinking, this is a great song, this song is going to be huge?
WATTS: No.
BLOCK: No?
WATTS: No. You never dream things like that.
BLOCK: It was the first number one single in the states, right?
WATTS: I don't know. It was quite a big record. I don't know if it was. I don't know, I'm sorry.
BLOCK: That's okay.
WATTS: I'm not very good at — we need Bill Wyman for that sort of thing.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
JAGGER: (Singing) I can't get no. No, no, no, no. Hey, hey, hey.
BLOCK: I read this, Charlie Watts, that originally that the song was at a different tempo. And when you re-recorded it, you set a different pace. Is that right?
WATTS: I don't remember that. Going well, this interview, isn't it?
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
JAGGER: (Singing) And I try and I try and I try and I try. I can't get no.
BLOCK: You mentioned Bill Wyman, the longtime bass player for the Stones. I wanted to ask you about something that he said. He said every rock and roll band follows the drummer, except our band. Our drummer follows the rhythm guitarist, who is Keith Richards. Would you agree with that?
WATTS: That's true.
BLOCK: Yeah?
WATTS: Yeah.
BLOCK: Why is that?
WATTS: I've always followed Keith on stage, I'm talking about. I always looked to him for the time. He usually starts the intros. And very much when we were in the early period of our existence, because, you know, monitors were kind of nonexistent, so I had to have his amplifier quite close to me, and they weren't very big amplifiers. So with an audience shouting, I needed that to know where the changes came, everything because you could very rarely hear Mick.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
JAGGER: (Singing) When I'm riding around the world and I'm doing this and I'm signing that, and I'm trying to make some girl who tells me, baby, better come back maybe next week, 'cause you see I'm on a losing streak. I can't get no, oh, no, no, no. Uh, hey, hey, hey.
BLOCK: This is a great song to talk about backbeat.
WATTS: I don't know if "Pretty Woman" was before this and there's another one that Stevie Wonder did that had that sort of beat in it. It came about the same time maybe. You know, a lot of pop songs, as you call them, you know. They're based around a rhythm that's become fashionable, you know, disco, something.
And that one was a fashionable one at that time.
BLOCK: Now, at that moment, the studio door in New York popped open and Mick Jagger stuck his head in with an answer for Charlie Watts.
JAGGER: "Up Tight" was its name.
WATTS: Well done, Mick. That's the one. It was "Up Tight" by Stevie Wonder. Okay. How did he hear that? Oh, I'm on the air.
BLOCK: He has an answer for everything, that man.
WATTS: Sorry. The backbeat is two and four, a new - hit it harder than the first beat and it's played on a snare drum. One, ka, one, ka.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
JAGGER: (Singing) Hey, hey, hey.
WATTS: It's the loudest of the four beats.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
JAGGER: (Singing) I can't get no satisfaction. I can't get no satisfaction. And I try...
BLOCK: When "Satisfaction" became such a monster hit, number one in the U.S. and the U.K., what was the effect on the band? How did that change things for you?
WATTS: You know, it's great to have the whole world dancing to your own song and the rhythms. Fantastic to hear on the radio. You know, I never play our records, but I love hearing them, you know, go on the car radio or something. It's very, I don't know, it does wonders for the ego, doesn't it?
BLOCK: I wouldn't know, but I guess it would.
WATTS: Well, it is the highest sort of accolade you can have, really.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
JAGGER: (Singing) Hey, hey, hey.
BLOCK: Well, Charlie Watts, it's great to talk to you. Thank you.
WATTS: Thank you. Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF "SATISFACTION")
JAGGER: (Singing) I can't get no satisfaction. I can't get no satisfaction.
BLOCK: Rolling Stone Charlie Watts, who is also a great jazz drummer, his first love. Tomorrow on the program, guitarist Ron Wood with his choice. He's sticking up for a song that he thinks gets unfairly overlooked.
RON WOOD: It's really up and it gets everyone dancing, just like it says in the title.
BLOCK: You're listening to ALL THINGS CONSIDERED from NPR News. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright National Public Radio.
<|endofexample|>
Now Playing
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
Connect with Us
Behind the Mics
Local & Regional
10:43 am
Fri January 15, 2010
Weekend Roadwork
By KWGS News
Tulsa, OK – East 56th Street North just west of North Peoria Avenue will be closed for four to eight hours on Saturday, Jan. 16, during installation of a storm sewer crossing the roadway. This is part of an ongoing street rehabilitation project on North Peoria Avenue between 36th Street North and 56th Street North..
<|endofexample|>
### Comprehensive DataBase Search Results: ###Ruben Gray in Utah
Are you searching for Ruben Gray in Utah? We have found and consolidated public records data for hundreds of millions of people. This page shows the possible matches for Ruben Gray in Utah. The list on this page is a summary of the matches we found, arranged from youngest to oldest. There may be many people with the last name Gray and several variations of Ruben, including initials. Choose your match to see detailed records, or click on a Relative/Associate to search for that person.
If you need to refine or change your search, use this form.
Search Facts - Similar Searches on PublicRecords.com
<|endofexample|>
Freedom of Information Bill — Exception from duty to comply with decision notice or enforcement notice — 5 Apr 2000
Mr John McDonnell MP, Hayes and Harlington voted in the minority (No).
The Majority voted to accept for discussion a new clause relating to disclosures[1] which said:
A decision notice or enforcement notice which relates to a failure to comply with section 13 in relation to any one or more requests for information shall cease to have effect if... the accountable person in relation to that authority gives the Commissioner a certificate signed by him stating that he has on reasonable grounds formed the opinion that the authority did not fail to comply with section 13 in relation to that request or those requests.[2]
In other words, an enforcement notices by the Information Commissioner could be summarily revoked by the public body against whom it was served.
- [1] Clause 13 of Freedom of Information Bill, February 2000, House of Commons.
- [2] Mr. Mike Hall
<|endofexample|>
Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill — Human-animal hybrid licenses — 19 May 2008 at 18:30
Rosie Cooper MP, West Lancashire voted in the minority (Aye).
The majority of MPs voted to make it possible to grant licenses for the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos.
The clause under discussion would insert the words:[2]
- No person shall
- mix human gametes with animal gametes,
- bring about the creation of a human admixed embryo, or
- keep or use a human admixed embryo,
- except in pursuance of a licence.
into the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 1990.[3]
The vote in Parliament was to over deleting the phrase, "except in pursuance of a license".
- [1] Edward Leigh MP, House of Commons, 19 May 2008.
- [2] Prohibitions in connection with genetic material not of human origin, Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill, Clause 4(2), 6 February 2008
- [3] Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 1990, OPS
<|endofexample|>
Puente Hills Nissan has a great selection of new 2013 Nissan cars, vans, SUVs and trucks in the area of Los Angeles County areas including: West Covina, La Puente, Hacienda Heights, Whittier, Rowland Heights, Diamond Bar, El Monte, Walnut, La Habra, Pomona, Baldwin Park, Chino Hills, Yorba Linda, Rosemead, Downey, Monterey Park and surrounding Southern California communities. We also have a nice selection of new 2012 Nissan models and the new 2014 Nissan GT-R in stock now. See hundreds of new Nissan cars, SUVs and trucks for sale including the: Nissan Altima, Versa, Sentra, Maxima, Juke, LEAF, Frontier, Pathfinder, Armada, 370Z, Cube, Murano, Murano CrossCabriolet, Quest, Rogue, Titan, Xterra, and Nissan NV - Los Angeles Area.
<|endofexample|>
Evento segnalato da: Comune di Andria
Fourth round with the 'Federiciana Concert Season ', now in its ninth edition, organized by the Department of Culture of the City of Andria and Cultural Association 'Federiciana Music Academy', with the artistic direction of Agnese Paola Festa and Michele Lorusso .
The program Gege Telesforo Quintet in "The Voice in Jazz and Beatbox".
Gege Telesforo, is a singer, musician, television host and Italian radio. Multi-instrumentalist, vocalist, composer, conductor and author of radio and television. Enthusiast and connoisseur of music, particularly jazz and fusion, contributes to newspapers and magazines. Knows and practices the scat, a form of jazz singing voice based on improvisation.
<|endofexample|>
Current News
1/31/2012
Pulaski Technical College will kick off Black History month Wednesday with a commemorative celebration of the life of the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr.
A memorial display of artwork, videos and photos will be exhibited from 11:30 a.m.-12 p.m. in the Campus Center Grand Hall. A program from 12-1 p.m. includes a recitation of Dr. King's "I Have a Dream" speech by Cecil Gibson and special music by Genine Perez and Beata Lovelace, instructor of computer information systems. The film "The Witness" will be shown during lunch.
All students, faculty and staff are invited to attend, but an RSVP is required for lunch. To RSVP, call 501-812-2220 or email dbutler@pulaskitech.edu
The event is sponsored by Pulaski Tech's Cultural Diversity Committee.
<|endofexample|>
Charlestown Musicians
Charlestown, Massachusetts musicians are a wonderful way to personalize an event and set the tone for the festivities. From weddings to intimate dinner parties, musicians of all genres create a specific mood while also entertaining your guests. You can find talented many singers and musicians close to Charlestown, Massachusetts.
- Dorchester, MA
- 97 Bow Street, Arlington, MA
- 464 Common Street, Suite 167, Belmont, KS
- 19 Bentham Road, Boston, MA
- 12 Dana Terrace #2, Watertown, MA
- P.O. Box 550148, North Waltham, MA
- Lynn, MA
- 55 Riverview Ave. #1, Waltham, MA
- 19 Sachem Street, Lynn, MA
- Lexington, MA.
<|endofexample|>
Hilton Head Island Breads
Fresh breads in Hilton Head Island,ilton Head Island breads like French bread or Italian bread to less common breads like beer bread or challah bread, combined with the right cheese or spread, bread can really make a meal. One of the best bakery breads in Hilton Head Island for sandwiches is potato bread. Put potato rolls out with cold cuts at any get together and it will automatically make the sandwiches taste better!
Don’t leave your search for a good bakery until last minute. Search our Hilton Head Island, South Carolina bread bakeries for all of your fresh bread and baked good needs. Variety is important in a bakery as is quality. Chances are that a bakery that makes scrumptious banana bread also makes amazing pumpkin bread.
- Featured,
- offer. Our handmade Chocolates are South Carolina Certified and also Kosher Certified. Give us a call or email us, as your taste buds will thank you!
- 93 Arrow Road, Hilton Head Island, SC
- Hilton Head Island, SC
- Hilton Head Island, SC
- Hilton Head Island, SC
- Hilton Head Island, SC
- Bluffton, SC
- Beaufort, SC
- Beaufort, SC
More Bakeries
Search nearby for Breads.
<|endofexample|>
Search
stoked on a new Shinobu record.
seconded
You would.
you know me too well
Some would say...intimately.
Yes, and then those some would turn their showers on so not to be heard thinking about it.
Try as they might, those some will still think its beautiful.
I'd love being stoked on this, but the fact that I don't really have a computer or a functioning mp3 player puts me down a bit. A sad, sad story. However - me of 2007 would have been jumping around like a crazed bunny, especially before the anticlimax that was Get Warmer. Haven't given new BTMI a chance since then, really.
Who are you, fucking Tron? What do you mean you don't have a computer.
It got old and died a peaceful death. Somehow I managed to break the CPU or something. Nowadays I travel between different peoples computer screens, trying to find something to hold on to.
Don't worry. You can purchase the new Bomb record in physical format and justify us putting out in a physical format. YOU CAN DO IT! IT COMES WITH A ZINE. REMEMBER ZINES WHEN THEY WEREN'T ON COMPUTERS????????
Craig doo-dooed in the swimming pool. We were swimming when we were little. I was swimming, and I thought it was a chocolate PayDay.
Did Neon Creeps not come out yet? I've had it for a while. Such an awesome fucking album. And they picked the best song on it, too.
it's not out til February I think? hopefully they have the correct tracklisting this time, gotta love the ghost copies though
Either way, stoked for the vinyl.
Donation Based?
SELLOUTS!
I bet they need to pay for stuff like rent and food. What jerkasses!
Maybe they should make radio records.
This is why we're brothers.
Hows every little thing brother?
Still getting into trouble.
Breaking young girls hearts?
I see what you did there
another thing that actually OFFENDS me, which is hard to to these days, are the people who are pissed that musicians make money. the strange, slow, old people on punknews.org and the few annoying stragglers on this website.
awesome, I forgot to get the laura stevenson and we versus the shark albums
Cheap Girls, O Pioneers!!! and Shinobu... "for the win".
I've got a kind of funny story about BTMI:
A few months ago I was in the Incheon (Seoul) airport and saw a Korean guy wearing one of those homemade, spray painted BTMI shirts. I figured that anyone who was familiar with the band spoke English, so I excitedly went up to him and tried to start up a conversation. Turns out he didn't speak any English, and was kind of freaked out that a random person walked up to him and started speaking a foreign language while excitedly pointing at his shirt...ok, that was actually my whole story, and it wasn't very funny. Maybe that's why I forgot about it until now. In retrospect, I should have figured he didn't speak English, because otherwise he would have known better than to wear clothing with the word "Bomb" on it in an airport. The point is, there may or may not be a small BTMI fanbase in Korea. But probably not.
Mike Park?
I laughed.
The only BTMI record I ever got was Get Warmer, and it was lame. Are the others good?
"To Leave or Die" and "Goodbye Cool World" are also great. As for "Album Minus Band," I tend to only listen to the last three songs. Can't wait for the new record.
To Leave Or Die In Long Island is their best. Their split with O Pioneers was also very good.
That new BTMI jam is very, um... accessible. poppy, even.
Not saying thats a bad thing though.
recently heard the rough unmastered version of the let me crazy record, seriously everyne, get fucking stoked
I hope Scrambles is better than the 5 or 6 demos I have from it.
don't get your hopes up.
wow...more stoked for the btmi! record now than i was before...fuck yes.
<|endofexample|>
I 99% sure Bill Wysock and/or Dr. R. did a similar experiment years ago. Perhaps one of those folks will chime in? Cheers, Aaron, N7OE --- On Thu, 9/4/08, Bert Hickman <bert.hickman at aquila.net> wrote: > From: Bert Hickman <bert.hickman at aquila.net> > Subject: Re: [TCML] Telsa coils + capacitor bank = ? > To: "Tesla Coil Mailing List" <tesla at pupman.com> > Date: Thursday, September 4, 2008, 12:39 PM > Hi Josh, > > I'll give it a try... :^) > > Josh Bailey wrote: > > Hi Bert; > > > > I recently made friends with Greg Leyh and attended > the recent Norcal > > Teslathon - 'twas grand (I made my first tiny coil > back in July so have > > had a... rapid introduction to the field). > > It looked like quite a fun event! And Greg's lab makes > me drool... :^) > > > > > While there we worked on using Greg's largest coil > to strike a graphite > > rod, connected to ~100uF of capacitors charged to > ~20kV. > > > > I had some naive questions about what we observed, and > Greg suggested you > > might have some interpretations? I'm a network > engineer by trade so please > > forgive being a newbie - just want to understand what > is happening. > > > > Here are two series' of photos (frames from an > MJPEG capture running at > > about 30 fps): > > > > > > > > > > Q1. What conditions must exist for the capacitor bank > to discharge? We > > noticed that sometimes the graphite was struck > multiple times before it > > discharged. We also noticed that sometimes the bank > was not fully > > discharged (still had 3-4kV on it). > > In general, the brightness of a spark is a proportional to > the amount of > current passing through it. The base of air discharges from > a Tesla Coil > (TC) is the brightest and hottest part since the sum of all > the > branching discharge currents pass through the main channel. > As you move > away from the terminal, the discharges begin branching, > with each branch > carrying a portion of the total current. As the current > flowing through > more distant branches becomes progressively lower, the > channel diameters > become smaller, and the discharges become more purplish and > dimmer. The > tips of the discharges transition to a bluish glow (the > streamer-corona > region) where the gas temperature is barely above room > temperature. > > Unconstrained sparks and arcs in air have a negative > resistance > characteristic: the more current you force through them, > the hotter > their cores become, and the lower their electrical > resistance. Because > the more distant channels are cooler and smaller in > diameter, these > remote channels are considerably poorer electrical > conductors. > > When a Tesla Coil is operating near the limit of its spark > length, you > may see sparks sporadically/weakly connect the TC terminal > to ground > without the characteristic brightening that we usually > associate with TC > ground strikes. In this case, although the spark has indeed > bridged the > gap, the combination of high resistance from the discharge > path, and the > fact that we are close to being max'ed out on TC > terminal voltage, > prevents any major increases in channel current - even > though we've > actually bridged the gap. This will occur for regular coils > and those > using a high energy capacitor bank for secondary boost. It > takes a > significant increase in channel current to start the > runaway process > that culminates in the hot arc that's necessary to > discharges the > capacitor bank: the increased current heats the channel, > reducing the > channel resistance, which further increases channel > current, further > heating the channel, etc. etc. > > While a barely connecting spark may not provide a > sufficient current > "bump" during the final jump to initiate the > runaway process, a slightly > "stronger" spark will. Once a bridging arc has > been initiated, it will > then persist, discharging the capacitor bank pretty much > independently > of further Tesla Coil operation. > > > > > Q2. What is the sequence of events at discharge? > > Assuming that we've bridged the gap, initiated the > runaway process, and > formed a bridging arc, the energy in the capacitor bank > begins flowing > through the secondary, terminal, and arc, completing a > series LC circuit > that oscillates at a low audio frequency (that you can > easily hear when > the capacitor discharges). The combination of secondary > winding > resistance and arc resistance eventually dissipates most of > the stored > energy from the bank. > > During each oscillation, the arc current passes through > zero, > temporarily extinguishing the arc. Usually it is quickly > reignited by > the high voltage from the capacitor bank. As the energy in > the system > decreases, so does the arc current, causing the arc > resistance and > overall arc voltage drop to rise. The voltage drop across > the arc is > also proportional to its length. As the bank energy > decreases, a point > is eventually reached where the arc can no longer be > reignited, and the > arc goes out for good. > > Once the arc finally extinguishes, residual energy will > still be left in > the capacitor bank. This is typical behavior for an LC and > spark gap > system. Because of the relatively long arc involved in > Greg's system, > the stranded bank voltage is proportionally higher. You may > also see > significant variation in residual bank voltage if the Tesla > coil > continued to operate during the bank discharging process, > since it would > assist in reigniting the arc channel. > > > > > Q3. The arc changes colour several times (before and > after the strike). > > What's going on there? > > There may be several things occurring here. The arc itself > changes color > depending on how much current is flowing through it. Low > current arcs > tend to be purplish, transitioning to a whiter color and > then a > brilliant blue white at increasing current levels. In > addition, the > carbon rod that was used as a target may contain metallic > salts in the > core and a copper jacket - these may add other colors to > the arc, > particularly at the end of the arc nearest the carbon rod. > > > > > Q4. I was thinking about trying to get a better > photographic record of > > what's happening - other than longer lenses/faster > cameras etc - please > > might you have any suggestions on how to better > capture what's going on? > > Part of the problem is the huge optical dynamic range - you > may need to > use 2-3 cameras simultaneously, each with different neutral > density > filters in order to capture the entire discharge sequence. > The main arc > channel is primarily a black body radiator. However, you > may be able to > detect various spectral lines emitted by vaporized > electrode materials > and excited gases near the arc core using a slit and a > prism or > diffraction grating. Good luck! > > > > > Thanks, > > > > Bert > -- > *************************************************** > We specialize in UNIQUE items! Coins shrunk by huge > magnetic fields, Lichtenberg Figures (our "Captured > Lightning") and out of print technical Books. Visit > Stoneridge Engineering at > *************************************************** > _______________________________________________ > Tesla mailing list > Tesla at >
<|endofexample|>
Center fo Scient of Information talks and poster session
December 4 @ 1:30 PM - 5:00 PM - Lawson 1142 & Lawson Commons:
Contact Details
- Kiya A Smith
- kiya@purdue.edu
- 765-494-2908
<|endofexample|>
Undergraduate
Studies Program
Young Hall, 8th Floor
302 Wood Street
West Lafayette, IN 47907-2108
Phone: (765) 494-0843
For ease of navigation, jump down to the category headings using the links below:
Academics
Student Life
Finances
Health and Safety
ACADEMICS
How many courses will I take?
The average course load for a first-semester freshman is 14 to 17 credit hours, or about five classes. You and your advisor will develop a schedule that is right for you based on the courses and majors you would like to explore, so you may carry more or fewer classes. In order to move up the classification chain (freshman to sophomore, etc.), however, you will usually need to average 30 credits per year (or 15 credits per semester).
When should I buy my books?
Both Purdue University and our local bookstores list books needed for each class, so it is easy to buy your books ahead of time. You have a better chance of getting used books if you buy them early. If you change classes or have books you don’t need, bookstores will give a full refund within the first or second weeks of classes - IF you have the receipt and have not broken the plastic wrap on textbook or software packages.
We recommend, however, that you wait to buy books for ENGL 10600 or 10800 until after the first class meeting. Book titles and quantities are determined by the section instructors and may not be posted at the bookstores.
The EDPS 10500 “Academic & Career Planning” class that all USP freshmen and transfer students take during their first semester requires a ‘course packet’ of materials which must be purchased at the BoilerCopyMaker store located in the Purdue Memorial Union (PMU), room 157. It is not available at the bookstores.
To find book requirements online, go to. Prices for new and used books can be found at the Follett’s () or the University Bookstore () sites. After using this website, students could also order books from,, or.
Will I need a personal computer?
Computers are fast becoming a necessity of college life, but they are not required at Purdue and we do not recommend a specific brand or type. This is mostly because our ITaP’s Teaching and Learning Technologies supports and maintains over 50 instructional computing labs on campus. The computers in these labs provide an extensive software suite and a secure work environment.
If you are in the market for a computer or laptop, check out the ITaP store in Stewart Center (STEW), room G-65, or online at. Your residence hall manager can give you information about hooking up and securing your computer in the residence hall.
Software is also available at a discounted education rate through ITaP at. Students will need to use their Purdue Career Username and Password to view and order software. It is recommended that students wait until after the first day of class to purchase software, as there are no returns allowed if a mistake is made. Software can be picked up at the Boiler Copy Maker Copy Center, located in Purdue Memorial Union (PMU), room 157.
Purdue also supports a wireless network called Purdue Air Link (PAL), with hot spots in most residence halls (in common areas, but not the individual student rooms) and major academic buildings. Set up information, videos, and a building coverage list are located at.
Although laptops are wonderful, their portability makes them easy targets for thieves. If you do bring a laptop to campus, make sure to turn on the password protection, buy a lock (like a Kensington lock), and register it online with the Purdue Police Department.
When will I find out where my classes are?
If you registered for courses during your STAR date, your schedule, including the days, times, and locations of the classes, will be visible immediately on myPurdue. A grid view of your classes is available under the “Week at a Glance” link. A text version of your schedule is available under the “Concise Schedule” link. At that point, we recommend that you use a Campus Map to plan out your daily routes. Time between most classes is about 10 minutes. Knowing where you are going before classes begin and “walking” your class schedule can save stress and frustration later.
How much time should I spend studying?
A general guideline is about two hours of study for each hour you spend in class. You’ll spend more time for some classes, especially those with laboratories, and less for others. Consistency is the name of the game in college – studying steadily over the semester rather than cramming right before tests yields better grades and better retention of material.
Where can I study on campus if I don’t want to study in my room?
All Purdue Libraries have quiet spaces for studying. Some libraries, like the Hicks Undergraduate Library (HIKS), feature café areas, like UnderGrounds, to study and eat. All residence halls have study rooms. Students can also study in the lounge areas of the Purdue Memorial Union and Stewart Center. Some academic departments also have study lounges. On nice days, there is plenty of outdoor green space where you can study, too.
Which library can I use?
Any of our 14 libraries are available for your use, though popular locations for first-year students tends to be the Hicks Undergraduate Library (HIKS) or the Humanities, Social Sciences, and Education (HSSE) Library, both located in the Stewart Center (STEW). All of the libraries have information desk staff available to assist students. If you need help finding materials or a location to study, just ask.
Will my parents get or see my grades?
No. Grades will be available in myPurdue and will be accessible only by you (or anyone who has your user name and password). However, we strongly recommend that you keep the lines of communication open with your parents about your grades, as they can assist your progress and often are the ones paying for college.
What if I need help in a class?
There are many ways to get help in a class. We recommend that you first talk with your instructor about your current grades and what steps you should take to improve them. Professors and TA’s all have posted office hours, usually located in the course syllabus (a document explaining class policies passed out on the first day of classes). Some instructors hold periodic help sessions, so listen for these in class.
If you find you need more day-to-day assistance, consider enlisting a paid or free tutor. Lists of tutors are available through the departments or the Office of the Dean of Students. Our students also recommend doing your homework in one of our departmental help rooms (Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics, Biology, etc.). That way, if you need help with a homework problem, you can get it right away. Help rooms also tend to have copies of practice exams and other materials to help you learn the subject.
Besides departmental help rooms, Purdue has various academic help facilities such as the Writing Lab (Heavilon Hall, room 226), the Academic Success Center (Beering Hall, room 3268), and the Chemistry Resource Room (Wetherill Labs, room 117).
Group study is also popular at Purdue. There is no service on campus to match you up with students in your classes, so be friendly and start building your study network early in the semester. Also, make sure that you have an outside expert for consultation should a problem stump you all.
Part of being in college is learning to recognize when you need help and how to find it. Be persistent! If a certain type of help doesn’t help, seek out other types. If you don’t know where to start, ask your advisor!
What if I am unsure of my major?
Fortunately, you are in one of the best programs on campus for career exploration, USP! All USP students must take EDPS 10500, Academic and Career Planning, which will walk you through the career exploration process. If after taking this class, however, you are still unsure about your major, individual career counseling is available at the Center for Career Opportunities (Stewart Center, room 194), the Purdue Counseling & Guidance Center (Beering Hall, room 3202), and the Office of the Dean of Students Counseling Center (Schleman Hall, room 207). You can also always talk through major ideas with your USP advisor!
What do I need to do to change majors?
At Purdue, the process of changing majors is called CODO’ing (Changing Of Degree Objective). To CODO, first check with your advisor about the CODO process for your desired major. Most colleges and schools require a set of minimum grades, courses, and documents before a CODO can take place. At the very minimum, most colleges/schools will require that you attend a “CODO meeting,” which is an informational meeting about their program requirements.
After you have met all of the CODO requirements, you will need to file CODO paperwork. To do this:
Once the Registrar puts your new college/school information into myPurdue, you will officially and successfully have CODO’ed!
Do professors take attendance?
Individual professors have different policies. It is to your advantage to attend class even if the professor does not take attendance, because you are ultimately responsible for learning the material presented in class. Extended class absences due to serious illness, accident, or other situations beyond your control should be reported to your residence hall counselor, academic advisor, and to the Office of the Dean of Students (Schleman Hall, room 207). The Dean of Students can then send a note to your professors letting them know the situation.
What do I do if I need to change my schedule?
Students can add, drop, and modify the times of courses themselves using myPurdue. This can be done throughout the summer and through the end of the first week of classes. However, we recommend they consult with an advisor first to discuss the consequences of any changes.
After the first week of classes, students should pay attention to their Purdue e-mail for notices from their advisors, as the rules to modify courses changes depending on which week it is in the semester. It is also strongly recommended that students print out (or at least bookmark) the Schedule Revision calendar.
Will I get the same grades I did in high school?
While some classes may be as easy as those you had in high school, most will be more difficult, faster- paced, and require more studying, reading, and problem-solving. Students may experience a slight drop in grades the first semester while adjusting to a new, more independent learning and living style. Good study habits and a proactive attitude toward learning can help prevent grade slumps.
What will the weather be like?
The old saying goes that if you don’t like the weather in Indiana, just wait a few minutes. Late summer weather is often hot, humid, and stormy with daytime temperatures of 80°F - 90°F or above. Early fall weather varies between hot and humid and cold and rainy. Students can count on rain, snow, ice, and cold in the winter, starting in mid-November and lasting until mid-March. Winter daytime temperatures average around 30°F, but can dip to sub-zero levels mid-winter. Spring weather can be nice, with highs between 50°F -80°F, but it is often rainy. Students usually bring a jacket, umbrella, and rain boots in August, and then bring their snow boots and winter coats back with them after October or Thanksgiving Break. Layering your clothing works best in Indiana weather.
Purdue has an abundance of plant life, including flowers, grasses, trees, ferns, and mushrooms. Students should consider stocking up on necessary medications in late fall and early spring to contend with pollen or mold allergies.
Our area does experience occasional severe weather, mainly in the form of thunderstorms, high winds, hail, flooding, and very rarely, tornados. Tippecanoe County and Purdue have excellent procedures in place to keep students and the surrounding community informed and safe.
Should I bring my bike?
Biking is a popular form of transportation around Purdue’s campus, but you might want to keep several things in mind. First of all, only outside storage is available (bikes cannot be stored in dorm rooms). Secondly, bike thefts do happen (about 100/year), so bring a sturdy lock. As added security, engrave identification onto your bike. You should also register your bike with the Purdue Police.
Should I bring my car?
Freshmen are not allowed to have cars unless they are living 30 minutes or more from campus, making them eligible for a commuter (“C”) parking permit. Parking space on or near campus is limited. Most campus parking is reserved for staff with permits, for visitors, or for upper classmen in the residence halls. Most off-campus street parking has time limitations set by the city.
Students usually get around campus by walking, bicycling, or by riding the CityBus (free with your Purdue ID). Shopping areas, bookstores, and restaurants are within walking distance of campus. Taxi service is also available. If you need a car permit for a special circumstance and live in a residence hall, you should talk with your hall manager. If you live off-campus, contact the Visitor Information Center (VIC) on Northwestern Avenue at (765) 494-INFO (4636).
Should I insure my stereo and computer if I bring them?
It is a good idea to insure any valuable personal items you bring. Check your family’s insurance policy as your belongings may already be covered. Keep your room locked when you leave it to prevent theft and make sure that you roommate locks it, too.
What is Fraternity Rush? Sorority Rush?
Fraternities and sororities usually have a callout early in the fall for all prospective members. Recruitment (sometimes called “rush”) is explained at the callout, with most recruitment events following immediately afterwards. Students usually do not move into the house until the fall of their sophomore year. About 20 percent of Purdue undergraduates are in Greek organizations. Information about fraternities and sororities is available at. Greek recruitment can be a great social and networking experience, but students need to keep in mind that it may take up a lot of their time if they let it. Balance is the key to success in both academics and Greek participation.
What is Co-op Housing?
Cooperative Housing life is much like Greek life, requiring recruitment and offering great social networking experiences. Recruitment occurs in January, but members are inducted year-round, depending on space. Contact the Student Activities and Organizations Office (Schleman Hall, room 250) for more information at (765) 494-1231 or sao@purdue.edu. Information about cooperative housing is also available at.
What if I don’t get along with my roommate?
The best thing to do is to prevent roommate problems before they begin and to keep the lines of communication open throughout the “getting to know you” process. Early in the fall, establish ground rules that both you and your roommate can agree upon. Some roommates even draw up written and signed contracts! If problems do arise, talk to your floor’s resident assistant (RA) immediately. If no solutions can be found, keep in mind that changing rooms is difficult early in the semester, but is often possible between semesters.
What is October Break?
October Break is a mid-semester break in classes (usually the second Monday and Tuesday in October) to give students time to catch up with (or unwind from) studies.
What is the policy concerning alcohol?
The legal age in Indiana for alcohol consumption or possession is 21. Alcoholic beverages are not allowed in University facilities, with certain exceptions, and violation will result in disciplinary action.
How can I meet people?
Talk with people who sit near you in class. Participate in activities at the Recreational Sports Center (RSC) or join an intramural team. Join a musical organization. Contact your campus religious organization. Your residence hall counselor can tell you about programs and activities in your hall and on campus. Check out all of the wonderful activities and organizations Purdue has to offer at the Get Involved at Purdue web site:. Flyers for call-outs are posted on the flyer board on the front page.
What types of clubs does Purdue have?
Purdue’s large size equals huge diversity in activities, clubs, and organizations – about 880 in all. Organizations usually revolve around an activity (like ballroom dancing), a major (like the Pre-Vet Club). Groups focusing on culture and religion abound, too. Furthermore, if we don’t have a club for your favorite activity, you, a friend, and a faculty advisor can start your own! Many clubs hold call-outs or informational meetings early in the fall. These are announced in your Mortar Board, the Exponent, on the Get Involved at Purdue online flyer board, on posters around campus, and on table notices in the residence hall dining rooms.
How can I become involved in student government?
Purdue Student Government (PSG) welcomes new student involvement. Visit their offices in Stewart Center (STEW), Room G-6 or contact them via their web site at. PSG frequently runs announcements in the Exponent about opportunities for involvement. You could also serve in student government within the residence hall or your college or school.
What do students do on the weekend?
We definitely encourage students to stay on-campus for most weekends in their first semester to help them feel more established at Purdue. A variety of plays, intercollegiate athletics, lectures, concerts, intramural contests, and other University-sponsored events are always available. Clubs, organizations, and residence halls also arrange weekend activities. Students can visit many parks, museums, and other attractions locally. Indianapolis and Chicago are within 2 hours driving distance, as well. Purdue’s 39,000-plus students even budget some weekend time for studying!
What religious activities are offered at Purdue?
Student religious foundations and organizations, in cooperation with the churches and synagogues of the Greater Lafayette area, offer creative and varied spiritual ministry and welcome your participation. Consult the Get Involved at Purdue site for specific information and watch the Exponent for activity notices. There is also a listing of religious organizations in the front of the Purdue University Telephone Directory.
How can I become involved in recreational sports?
Sign up for your housing unit’s athletic program. Off-campus students also have teams. You can sign up at the Recreational Sports Center, which coordinates a large intramural program. Non-competitive and individual activities also are available at the RSC. Group exercise classes abound. Visit their website at. If you are interested in varsity sports, contact the appropriate coach at Mackey Arena.
How can I purchase athletic tickets?
Information about purchasing football tickets will be mailed to you during the summer and about basketball tickets early in the fall. There is a charge for student tickets for all athletic events. If you have questions, or if your parents want to purchase tickets, contact the Athletic Ticket Office at (765) 494-3194 or toll free at (800) 497-7678. You can also visit their website at.
The VIP “All Sport” Card, which gives card holders access to all regular-season home games in all sports, is available in limited quantity at various points throughout the semester, and sells out fast!
How can I buy Purdue Musical Organizations (PMO) Christmas Show tickets?
The ticket form for the PMO Christmas Show will be available on August 1, 2010. Tickets can be purchased starting in mid-October through Ticketmaster, by visiting the box offices within Elliott Hall, Pao Hall, or Stewart Center, or by calling the Purdue Box Office at (765) 494-3933 or (800) 914-SHOW. Student deals are also available after Thanksgiving. Click on the FAQ link for more information:.
Is public transportation available?
Along with privately-run taxi services, Lafayette is served by CityBus of Greater Lafayette, which offers free bus service to Purdue students, staff, and faculty with a valid Purdue ID. The Campus Loops run a regular, convenient route around campus both day and night. City routes visit popular Lafayette and West Lafayette sites, including shopping centers, apartment complexes, and parks. For more information, call CityBus at (765) 742-RIDE or visit.
How do I get home if I don’t have a car?
Greater Lafayette is serviced by Amtrak, Greyhound, and private bus services to the Indianapolis and Chicago O’Hare airport, as well as rental cars. In 2009, Purdue began a free web service called Boiler Ride, which facilitates the arrangement of carpools to and from class and rides home:.
The amount of money that you will need will vary, depending on your activities, where you live, and whether you will hold a job during the school year. We recommend that students and parents sit down during the summer and draw up a budget. Some suggested budget items include: textbooks, special items needed for classes, food, movies, clothes, laundry, grocery items, room decoration, concerts, and transportation home.
In terms of the *big* bill (your tuition, fees, and housing), check for this on myPurdue under the “Financial” tab. All information will be available through the Bursar’s e-Bill service. Students will need to indicate their parents as an “Authorized User” through the e-Bill service in order for the parent to be sent an e-mailed copy of the tuition bill.
When possible, your financial aid award will be credited against your Purdue bills. If aid funds remain after your account is paid, the bursar’s office will issue a check. You should plan to pay your initial expenses (books, off-campus rent, etc.) from other resources and be reimbursed when your aid check becomes available. If you have questions, call the Division of Financial Aid at (765) 494-5050 or by
e-mail at. Their office is in Schleman Hall (SCHL), room 305.
Many students find checking accounts (and the debit cards) convenient. Local merchants usually will accept your check from an out-of-town bank or credit union if you have a Purdue ID card. There is a PEFCU (Purdue Employees Federal Credit Union) located in the Purdue Memorial Union (PMU), room 163. In addition, several automatic teller machines are located in the Purdue Memorial Union and in the residence halls. The Union has a check cashing service located at the Cashier’s Office on the first floor. This office will cash checks for a maximum of $50 per day for a $1 transaction fee with a Purdue ID card.
The residence halls employ many students. Ask for an application at your hall’s main office. Check the ads in the Exponent and the Lafayette Journal and Courier. Watch the bulletin boards in your academic area or an area in which you’d like to work. Often departments have jobs posted in their offices. Both Work-Study and non-Work-Study student job postings are available through the Division of Financial Aid’s Student Employment Service:.
The Office of the Dean of Students, in Schleman Hall (SCHL), room 207 offers small loans for 30 days with no interest. Contact (765) 494-1747 or visit their web site for more information.
What if I need medical attention?
The Purdue University Student Health Center (PUSH) is a fully-accredited, primary-care outpatient facility. Services are available by appointment or walk-in. The center offers a variety of services including medical, urgent care, diagnostic X-ray and laboratory, physical therapy, counseling and psychological services, and alcohol and other drug counseling. Most services are covered by your University fees. Others, such as laboratory tests, X-rays, and physical therapy, are provided on a fee-for-service basis. The University recommends that every student be covered by health insurance, either through their parents or by purchasing Purdue-sponsored insurance.
The Purdue University Student Health Center (PUSH) offers many services, including an Allergy & Immunization Clinic. Contact PUSH at (765) 494-6504 as soon as possible to work out the details for this or any other routine services you need.
You might ask another student in the class for notes and assignments, but you need to contact the professor if you will miss a test. If you miss a class for an extended period, contact your residence hall counselor so your instructor can be notified. For extended absences (more than five days), contact the Office of the Dean of Students at (765) 494-1747.
The Safe Walk Program is a service of the Purdue Student Security Patrol (PSSP), which provides an escort to and from university residences, the academic campus and the Chauncey Village area. The PSSP is staffed by students who are selected and trained by the Purdue Police Department. This free service is provided all year, 24 hours a day, and seven days a week. Contact the Safe Walk Program at (765) 494-SAFE (7233).
Revised 5/28/10
Created by the USP Staff
<|endofexample|>
Location: Berkeley Lake, GA
0:00
Album:
Artist:
5 Tracks
Hayley Meyer
Acoustic / Country
Carrot River, SK
Car Party
Pop / Alternative / Indie
Baltimore, MD
Never Shout Never Pro
Pop / Indie / Acoustic
Belle Center, MO
Jessica Williams
Acoustic / Country / Pop
Montgomery, AL
Elisabeth Allred
Acoustic / Pop
APO, AE
Your comment is being submitted, please wait a
Zac Koval
170 Favorite Artists
Male
The World Is A Beautifu…
Your comment is being submitted, please wait a moment.
<|endofexample|>
vBulletin Message
xupxup does not have a blog yet.
Quick Navigation
- Site Areas
- Settings
- Private Messages
- Subscriptions
- Who's Online
- Forums Home
- Forums
- Vikings & Football Talk
- purplepride lounge
- Archived Boards
Not only that he can play half back and has skills for special teams returning...
Joe Webb should play wide...
<|endofexample|>
Thread: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
Happy Birthday Snowinapril
Happy Birthday Snowinapril.
From the guys @ Mr C's Place.
;D
Sorry about the double post. I originally posted this in the Beer forum. An honest mistake.
;D
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
Happy Birthday!
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
Happy Birthday SIA!
Thanks PPE for the Sig
Fighting on the Internet is like competing in the Special Olympics, even if you win, you are still mentally challenged!
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
Happy B-day my friend.Many many thanks to my talented friend Jos for the new Sig.
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
Yay, an extra opportunity to great SIA on his b-day.
Hope he has a good time on his holiday
The calender doesn't say it's his birthday though.
???
Thanks to PPE for the sig.
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
"cogitans" wrote:
The calender doesn't say it's his birthday though.
???
8)
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
There must be more than one of these threads, either that or I'm losing it.
Happy b-day SIA!Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please. Mark Twain
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
I won't wish him Happy Birthday until I see it on the official calendar
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
Happy Birthday, DOOKIE!!!
Ignore BLV...he's a TURDBURGLAR!!!BANNED OR DEAD...I'LL TAKE EITHER ONE
Re: Happy Birthday Snowinapril
We have a front page spot for member's birthdays.
He's lying to somebody but... I think he's 36 today... according to my info.
I'm sure that somebody had a birthday, today. Happy Anyway, eh?
;D
Similar Threads
Happy Birthday Snowinapril!By Zeus in forum The ClubhouseReplies: 10Last Post: 12-14-2009, 02:58 PM
Happy Birthday mr.woo!!!By BadlandsVikings in forum The ClubhouseReplies: 4Last Post: 05-13-2009, 01:26 PM
Happy Birthday to youBy Purple Floyd in forum The ClubhouseReplies: 0Last Post: 05-11-2008, 09:29
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
and provide specific details.
<|endofexample|>
.58Argentine peso - approx. 118.18Australian dollar - approx. 22.94Bahamian dollar - approx. 22.58Brazilian real - approx. 45.72CFA franc - approx. 11,486CFP franc - approx. 2,090Chilean peso - approx. 10,825Chinese renminbi - approx. 138.84Colombian peso - approx. 41,501Croatian kuna - approx. 132.58Czech Republic koruna - approx. 455Danish krone - approx. 130.47East Caribbean dollar - approx. 60.30European Euro - approx. 17.51Fiji dollar - approx. 41.14Ghanaian cedi - approx. 44.97Guatemalan quetzal - approx. 178.46Honduran lempira - approx. 430Hong Kong dollar - approx. 175.32Hungarian forint - approx. 5,102Icelandic krona - approx. 2,779Indian rupee - approx. 1,235Indonesian rupiah - approx. 220,673Israeli new shekel - approx. 82.20Jamaican dollar - approx. 2,224Japanese yen - approx. 2,308Malaysian ringgit - approx. 68.00Mexican peso - approx. 276Moroccan dirham - approx. 194.49Myanmar kyat - approx. 20,864Neth. Antilles florin - approx. 39.52New Zealand dollar - approx. 27.58Norwegian krone - approx. 131.37Pakistan rupee - approx. 2,224Panamanian balboa - approx. 22.58Peruvian new sol - approx. 59.32Philippine peso - approx. 930Polish zloty - approx. 73.35Romanian new leu - approx. 75.94Russian rouble - approx. 708Serbian dinar - approx. 1,937Singapore dollar - approx. 28.24South African rand - approx. 209.97South Korean won - approx. 25,248Sri Lanka rupee - approx. 2,839Swedish krona - approx. 150.10Swiss franc - approx. 21.72Taiwanese new dollar - approx. 677Thai baht - approx. 671Trinidad and Tobago dollar - approx. 144.98Tunisian dinar - approx. 37.45Turkish new lira - approx. 41.38U.A.E. dirham - approx. 82.94U.K. pound sterling - approx. 14.76Venezuelan bolivar fuerte - approx. 142.28Vietnamese dong - approx. 468,367Prices here are estimates provided for your convenience only, and may vary slightly from actual rates.
<|endofexample|>
What's this? People who purchased Master Skewb - Black Body also purchased the puzzles above.
Tell a friend!
Read customer reviews
Write your own review!
Master Skewb - Black Body
Object: Mix up and put back to startDifficulty: Level 8 - DemandingBrand: LanLanType: Other Rotational PuzzlesDimensions: 2.28 in x 2.28 in x 2.28 in / 5.8 cm x 5.8 cm x 5.8.
Note: This rotational puzzle is not meant for speedcubing.
This is a well made rotational puzzle.
Note: This rotational puzzle is not meant for speedcubing.
This is a well made rotational
<|endofexample|>
The Oklahoma City-based Arcadia Magazine [4] is currently accepting submissions for its inaugural short story contest. The winner will receive a prize of $1,000 and publication in Arcadia. The deadline for entry is February 15.
Fiction writers may submit a short story between 4,000 and 7,000 words, along with a $15 entry fee, via Submittable [5]. There is no required criteria beyond the word limit; stories of any subject or style are eligible. Multiple entries are welcome, but must be submitted separately. All entries will be considered for publication.
Founded in 2009, Arcadia is a print journal published twice yearly in the spring and fall that features the work of both emerging and established writers. In addition to the contest, the magazine accepts year-round submissions of poetry, fiction, and creative nonfiction, as well as cultural criticism, drama, visual art, comics, music, craft essays, and everything in between—including letters, to be included in the new Epistolary [6] feature on the journal's website. Whatever the form, the editors state on the site, “We want to see it, read it, hear it, and love it. If it kicks ass, we will find a way to publish it.”
Visit the submissions page [7] for complete guidelines.
For more from the Arcadia editors, check out the September/October 2012 print issue of Poets & Writers Magazine for an article on how to submit to Arcadia [8].
<|endofexample|>
End Of...
Andy Chambers uploads the final video segment from his winter trip to Cape Town.
We recently posted an article about Bubble’s swanky new website, well to follow it up, here’s news of his final video installment from his winter training trip in Cape Town. Loaded with all sorts of wavesailing action, it will certainly get you motivated to go for a sail, even if it’s not on turquoise water and under blue skies where you are.
Bubble commented:
“Video from the last part of my trip in Cape Town. We did lots of trips away but not a lot of freestyle! Just tried to concentrate on my wave sailing for the last part of the trip. Not many camera angles because all the waterproof cameras got stolen!”
Go check it out HERE.
<|endofexample|>
First Page
Gulf / Middle East
World
United States
South Asia
India
Europe
Pakistan
United Kingdom
Philippines /SE Asia
Advertising
Archives
Subscribe
Saturday, May 18 2013
Arm Syrian Rebels. Nations get ...
POTENTIALS ...
POTENTIALS OF FRACKING
JOE NOCERA | NYT NEWS SERVICE Defence US shale gas resource has enormous potential to provide economic and environmental benefits for the country.” One thing I’ve always liked about the Environmental Defence Fund is its hardheaded approach.
Founded by scientists, it believes in data, not hysteria. It promotes market incentives to change behaviour and isn’t afraid to work with industry. Utterly nonpartisan, it is oriented towards practical policy solutions.
And that has been its approach to fracking. When I spoke to him recently, Krupp didn’t back away from the idea that domestic natural gas could be the “bridge fuel” that helps bring us towards a renewable energy future. Unlike others in the environmental movement, he and his colleagues at the Environmental Defence.
Though it eventually disintegrates, for several decades methane can add significantly to greenhouse gas emissions. Defence Fund is participating in a study that is expected to provide one.
Question No. 2: How big a difference will it make to the environment if industry can minimise US greenhouse gases by – are you sitting down for this? – 9 percent. If the leaks are reduced to 1 percent, the decrease in greenhouse gases jumps to 14 percent. (That number eventually gets smaller as the potency of the methane wears off.) employing technology to minimise leaks and taking other steps to drill for natural gas in a responsible fashion. Nor is there much doubt that the outcry by environmentalists over fracking helped awaken the industry to the problems. DC, a state-by-state approach will be more effective,” he said. “We need to focus on getting the rules right, and complied with, in the 14 states which have 85 percent of the onshore gas reserves.” Here’s hoping that the antifrackers someday join him.
Sleeping Pills Raise Risk of Death, Cancer
Spend Money To Promote Innovation
Indian fishermen killing
Advertising
Subscribe
Careers
<|endofexample|>
More than 100 scientists from 14 countries attended the ‘Translational Systems Biology and Bioinformatics Symposium’ that was held on June 25 at the Qatar National Convention Center (pictured). Four international and seven local speakers delivered scientific presentations that addressed different aspects of computational biology, genomics, proteomics, metabolomics and bioinformatics at the symposium co-sponsored by Qatar Biomedical Research Institute (QBRI) and Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI), both members of Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development.
According to top scientists at the symposium, conducting advanced biomedical research on genes, stem cells, proteins, and other chemicals in the human body requires two things that will present major challenges to scientists in Qatar. First, researchers need a wide range of tissue samples from the local population for experimentation. Second, they need powerful, high-throughput computers for analysis and storage of data derived from the tissue samples.
“Collaboration is the key to building a successful translational systems biology research platform in Qatar,” said Dr. Abdelali Haoudi, Vice President of Research and Acting Executive Director of QBRI. “No single university, research institute, hospital, or laboratory by itself can gather the samples, perform the experiments, and analyze the data needed to conduct advanced systems biology research in Qatar. We need to build a consortium that includes all the stakeholders involved in biomedical research—from the doctors and nurses who collect tissue samples to the research laboratories that ‘decipher’ the biological information in those samples.”
Dr. Ahmed Elmagarmid, Executive Director of QCRI, agrees. “Qatar can be a leader in computational medicine if everyone works together,” he said. “Today, tissue samples are analyzed by equipment such as a mass spectrometer, and the digital output is looked at and experimented on using computers. A relatively small number of scientists can perform world-class biomedical research, but it takes a network of clinicians, technicians, statisticians, bioinformaticians and scientists working together to create the biomedical database in the first place.”
Local entities that might participate in a systems biology consortium, such as Weill Cornell Medical College in Qatar, Texas A&M – Qatar, Qatar University, Hamad Medical Corporation, Anti Doping Lab Qatar, Shafallah Medical Genetics Center and Sidra Medical and Research Center, all were represented in the symposium.
International participants such as Dr. Eric Lander of Broad institute of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard, Dr. Jeremy K. Nicholson of Imperial College London, Dr. David Gifford of MIT, Dr. Prasanna Kolatkar of the Genome Institute of Singapore, and Dr. Amos Bairoch of Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics all expressed enthusiasm for the kinds of research that could be performed in Qatar, looking at the native Qatari population as well as patients in the Arab world in general.
“Most of the genomic research has focused on European and African populations,” said Dr. Eric Lander, one of the keynote speakers at the symposium. “By looking at the genes of Qatari and Arab populations, Qatar can play a huge role in advancing the knowledge in the field of genetics and potentially can develop therapies and drugs that benefit not only the region, but the whole world.”
<|endofexample|>
> Fiction Books
> Romance Books
A DRAKE SISTERS Novel One of seven daughters in a line of extraordinary women, Hannah Drake has been the elusive object of affection for Jonas Harrington for as long.
An eBook version exists
New York Times bestselling author Christine Feehan has over 30 novels published, including four series.,.
Brisbane City (07)32294567
Cairns (07)40416663
Canelands (07)48294800
Chermside (07)32563655
Morayfield (07)54281646
Mt Ommaney (07)37261036
Strathpine (07)38899733
Toombul (07)32605788
Toowoomba (07)46395455
Willows (07)47239507
Canberra Centre (02)61139900
Blacktown (02)86071000
Campbelltown (02)46285525
Charlestown 0249100419
Erina Fair (02)43654774
Hurstville (02)95861411
Kotara (02)49114008
Mt Druitt (02)96250311
Tweed Heads (07)55247900
Elizabeth (08)84861000
Tea Tree Plaza (08)71600017
Doncaster (03)98407955
Epping (03)84053711
Fountain Gate (03)87260129
* Please contact the store and quote ISBN "9780749939069" to confirm availability.
Affiliates |
Delivery Rates |
Privacy |
<|endofexample|>
.
Following receipt of submissions on 2 March 2012, Q-COMP has undertaken a review of allied health fees. This will relate to fees for Chiropractic, Nursing, Osteopathic, Podiatry, Rehabilitation Support and Speech Pathology.
Changes are likely to take effect from 1 July 2012. Click here to keep up to date with the progress of the review.
<|endofexample|>
By Laura Anderson Shaw, landerson@qconline.com
Bitter cold, then mildly chilly. Freezing rain and sleet, then just plain old rain. Geeze, Mother Nature! Make up your mind! The slippery, soggy Sunday left the Quad-Cities with up to 0.52 inch of a freezing rain/sleet/rain mix, as measured at the Quad City International Airport, National Weather Service meteorologist Dan Ferry said. The Quad-Cities woke up today to some fog, drizzle and mild temperatures climbing to the upper 40s by the afternoon, Mr. Ferry said. Some rain and thunderstorms are possible tonight, he said, dragging with it more fog and high temperatures nearing 50 degrees. More rain and thunderstorms are expected again on Tuesday, Mr. Ferry said, with high temperatures in the low 50s. But Tuesday night's rain "will probably be changing to snow" later on, Mr. Ferry said, with low temperatures in the mid-20s. We'll have a slight chance of snow Wednesday, too, with highs about 30 degrees before a return to a "deep freeze" with high temperatures in the teens on Thursday and lows close to zero, Mr. Ferry said. "We're running the gamut here," he said.
<|endofexample|>
A boathouse (or boat house) is a building especially designed for the storage of boats, normally smaller craft for sports or leisure use. These are typically located.
In Scandinavia, the boathouse is known as a naust, a word deriving from Old Norse naverstað. These were typically built with stone walls and timber roofs and would be either open to the sea or provided with sturdy doors. The floors would be a simple continuation of the beach sand or rock, or they might be dug down to permit a boat to sail into the boathouse.
Edinburgh Canal Society boathouse on the Union Canal.
Boathouses on the River Thames at Henley-on-Thames, England.
Boathouse Row on the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, USA., USA
Boathouse at Camp Wild Air, Upper St. Regis Lake, USA
Durham School Boat Club's boathouse seen from Prebends Bridge, United Kingdom
Several large boathouses in Reed Point Marina, Canada
Another style of boathouse in Reed Point Marina, Canada
<|endofexample|>
It'd be cool if you could score a point by killing an opponent with an environmental hazard, like the crush trap on Tourney6 (can't remember the QL name, but Xaero's map), knocking someone into an abyss or lava, or that grenade room in the CTF map.
It takes skill and perfect timing to kill someone like this, even though you're not scoring by shooting them directly.
<|endofexample|>
Review Essay: The Reality of Instruction Between Educational Pessimism and Didactical Optimism
Abstract
In his book "Educational Pessimism" the sociologist J. TWARDELLA analyses a single German lesson in grade 10 of a Hauptschule (secondary school) class of disadvantaged students. The lesson begins well—with "a beautiful morning," according to the transcript—but soon becomes disastrous. How could this happen? TWARDELLA's detailed analysis shows that the relationship between the teacher and the students as well as between the teacher and her profession is disturbed and contradicted. On the one hand, the instruction is characterized by a negative anthropology of the student, an educational pessimism. On the other hand, the teacher is optimistic and believes in action-oriented instruction as the solution to the problem. Ultimately, it becomes evident that this abysmal combination is like an irreversible ideology based on a self-fulfilling prophecy and at the end there is only the maintenance of the status quo—no matter how senseless it is. The book is set in the context of current debates on educational policy and practice.
URN: urn:nbn:de:0114-fqs1002135
URN: urn:nbn:de:0114-fqs1002135
Keywords
teaching research; action-oriented instruction; training; social inequality; teacher-pupil-interaction; disadvantaged youth; sociology of education
<|endofexample|>
<<
Iphone Service Reparera Din Trasiga Iphone Ipod Ipad
Link here:
Link was added on 2012-03-23 and has been viewed 151 times.
Category: Computers & Internet / Discussion Forums / Mobile Phones /?
Iphone Service Reparera Din Trasiga Iphone Ipod Ipad. Laga din iPhone iPad iPod hos DINVIK
Some words describing this site in short
Reparation av iPhone 3G reparera iphone laga trasig iphone byta skärm byta baksida sprucken display
<|endofexample|>
Take the NEXT STEP:
Need Help? Call 866-312-5646 for personal assistance.
The best gift for the employee who does it all is something that will do it all for them while they're entertaining at home. The Robotic Wine Openerfrom Quality Logo Products is just the gift!
This custom opener's stainless steel tube design has a sleek and unique robotic push-button opening and includes a corkscrew, bottle opener, and foil cutter. A party host can never have enough of any of these! Your company's logo is laser engraved on the surface, which means a lasting impression for years and years to come.
Quality Logo Products won't charge you order processing fees on your Robotic Wine Opener. Give us a call today to snap up some of these for your employees before they're gone!
<|endofexample|>
-
Quantified
Directly Measured Data
Selected items from The Pioneer Press, which serves readers and advertisers in the Twin Cities��� East Metro region and Western Wisconsin. [Description from dmoz]
This site reaches over 1.1 million monthly people, of which 999K (94%) are in the U.S.The typical visitor visits fannation.com and watches Fox Sports Network..
<|endofexample|>
I want to warn everyone that Bejeweled Blitz on facebook is pure crack. Every plan I've had this week has gone to hell because of Bejeweled Blitz. Hey, its a 1 minute game, whats 1 more? (times 100 and there goes the evening)
Yeah, I fell into that trap yesterday, there are plenty of Comments about it on the Facebook Games thread.
Add me as a friend! So we may compete for glory!! (Jon Danger Rowe)
Seriously. For the very few times I score over 100k, that means I have the awful games where I'm happy to break 10k. Still I'm getting to the point where 30k is an average game now, but I'm nowhere near the skill level of my wife (214k before the last reset).
I can't seem to break the 36000 barrier.
Just hit 95k. I think that's my personal best. Don't think I'm going to get luckier with cascades, 4 and 5 matches, and multipliers.
It took me two hours of straight play to get to 42,000.
I can't go back.
I can't.
Ok I need to stop... Your move Merritt!
Damn you Jon!
BTW my name is the same as here on Face book "Rob Merritt" if anyone wants to add me.
Now, I have been playing Tiny adventures, checking the page every 10 minutes. Awful habit for my line of work.
However, there is too much good talk about this.
If someone would add me "Tyler Jenkins", I will play a bit and then soundly trounce you.
I have work to do! Not playing facebook games, first I check in on Mousehunt and Tiny Adventures regularly, now I lowed up this game for just 1 minute, really, just a game. Like that works, who know putting such a short time limit would actually make me play this more.
I'll add you guys tonight. I could use some good competition.
Could you guys join the Quarter To Three FB Group, please? Searching for Rob, I found that I went to High School with a Rob Merritt, and we had 7 friends in common. It was an eerie moment, let me tell you.
Searching for Tyler Jenkins makes me rue the day that World of Warcraft ever starting getting its memes all over the place.
Hehe, lessee I am in a UAB network..does that help. EDIT: Oh yeah, I'll join that. Sorry. I cannot read. Attention span short. Back to Facebook.
Yeah, no one in WoW believes me when I say Jenkins in my last name as half of Moonrunners server has that as their last name.
85k, bitches!
Ok, I joined the facebook group. The corruption is complete.
I cannot break my score of 57800!!
GRRR!!
134k. I can't play any more today. My head is all fuzzy.
FWIW last night I told one of the Facebook program managers that PopCap is, when they are ready, going to be a force to reckoned with.
I'll join the Qt3 group. I'm Scott Lantz on facebook, feel free to send me an invite. I have a tendancy to produce a lot of Bejeweled Blitz feed messages and status updates because I work on the damn thing, so my apologies in advance. Though don't be too surprised if I pare my list of contacts back down to only real life friends at some point. Nothing personal...
Who knew that adding a one-minute timer and leaderboards would make Bejeweled relevant again?
PopCap, that's who. Curses.
I change my vote to this game sucks (= I suck at it).
I'm not a fan, but I never liked the timed modes of Bejeweled. Or anything.
Yes, how dare I express mild discontent.
I just got a high score over 100k but it disappeared after I invited friends to the game. BOO...
<|endofexample|>
The M/V Trans-Saint-Laurent ferry will take you from Rivière-du-Loup, in Bas-Saint-Laurent, to Saint-Siméon, in Côte-Nord in just over an hour. Accommodating up to 399 people and 100 cars, this ship offers you a comfortable trip across the St. Lawrence.
Onboard amenities include a restaurant, bar & lounge, souvenir shop and daycare service. While on the exterior deck, be sure to keep an eye out for belugas, razorbills and even seals!
The Rivière-du-Loup–Saint-Siméon ferry operates from the Thursday before Easter to early January. Boarding is on a first-come, first-serve basis; reservations are accepted for tour bus groups only. In high season, arriving 90 minutes before departure time is recommended.
Practical information
Where to board
In Rivière-du-Loup
199, rue Hayward
(205 km / 130 mi. east of Québec City, via Highway 20 and Route 132)
In Saint-Siméon
116, rue du Festival
(177 km / 110 mi. east of Québec City, via Route 138)
Schedule and reservation:
Visit the website of the Rivière-du-Loup–Saint-Siméon ferry.
M/V Trans-Saint-Laurent © Société des traversiers du Québec
New facilities
The Société des traversiers du Québec inaugurated new facilities in both Rivière-du-Loup and Saint-Siméon this year. In Rivière-du-Loup, the new building containing the waiting area also has a new pedestrian walkway, which is 30 metres (100 feet) long and windowed on both sides. This means passengers can board the ferry directly and thus avoid being affected by inclement weather.
In Saint-Siméon, a modern hydraulic system has been installed on the vehicle ramp to facilitate adjustment of ramp height, depending on the tide. A pedestrian walkway is also going to be built in 2013.
To plan your ferry crossings in Québec maritime, visit our website.
Top photo credit: Société des traversiers du Québec
<|endofexample|>
© Office du tourisme de Québec
Get free advice to plan your stay in the region
1-877-783-1608
Geographical Area: Portneuf zone
Category:
Museums
Aliksir has been producing and importing organic essential oils since 1988. Explore our boutique and economuseum, the traditional distillery, the workshop and.
Regional Delights
Free outdoor car parking on site, Free outdoor bus parking on site: 00 h 45.
<|endofexample|>
One of the most contentious parts of putting together an appeal is choosing which photographs will be featured.
I've seen images rejected for a wide range of reasons – too sad, too happy, too paternalistic and even too stimulating.
Considering the impact that a photograph can have on income, I'm surprised that there is so little public data available on the testing of images. It's why I was pleased to see a piece entitled "Do sad faces make people give more?" on Jeff Brook's blog, Donor Power.
It refers to a paper recently published in The Journal of Marketing Research – The Face of Need: Facial Emotion Expression on Charity Advertisements (PDF) by Deborah Small and Nicole Verrochi.
As you might expect, they found that people are more likely to donate when viewing sad expressions.
More interestingly however, they have produced a graph demonstrating how average gift is influenced by the different types of faces donors were presented with.
Jeff makes a fair point when he describes their findings as obvious. He also reminds us that sometimes happy pictures can beat sad ones. But the most important issue he raises is what happens when there is a disconnect between the message in the copy and the message of the photograph...
"It very often goes like this.
Copy: 35,000 children died today from hunger.
Photo: Happy child.
These two messages basically cancel each other out."
I've been lucky enough to have undertaken some quite detailed photograph testing, and though I agree with Jeff's analysis i'd like to add a few points of my own.
To me, It's not so much whether a photograph is happy, sad or neutral that is important. What counts for me is the intensity of the emotion in the face – and that really means the eyes.
The eyes are so important that I would seriously question any creative work that fails to feature them – downturned faces, a head in the hands shot, the back of a head of a person looking into the distance are nothing more than cliches that we would do best to avoid.
I remember when I worked at ActionAid, that we tested different photographs against a common headline and found that a great photograph could double response rates to our child sponsorship recruitment ads.
We also found that individual focus was important. I recall one ad where a photograph of a girl standing alone was tested against a shot of the same girl holding her (very little) sister. A single child generated a far better response.
Mise-en-scene should also not be ignored. The important touches in a photograph such as a torn shirt or the way a child cradles a simple toy can have a significant effect on response.
And though it might be sad, the other factor that is important is attractiveness. At the YMCA when we first introduced the Roomsponsor programme, we could predict conversion based on what the resident actually looked like. This factor far outweighed any other in predicting success.
Recent Comments
<|endofexample|>
Canada and the United States have the strongest partnership in the world. This should not be taken for granted, but continually nurtured and maintained. Canada's strong economy, along with the United States, creates two strong nations which can be equal partners. Strong security at the border and continuing trade benefit both countries. It is also important to work together on international issues, such as disarming Iraq, poverty, and AIDS. Speech to the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations, Chicago, Illinois, February 13, 2003.
**********
I want to reflect with you on shared challenges. On how in a dangerous time, we can advance values cherished by our societies and admired by so many in the rest of the world.
Specifically, I will address three themes underpinning the Canada-United States relationship: being strong at home; being strong in partnership; and being strong internationally.
In my view, the long term security of our democracies requires us to succeed on each of these fronts.
Strong at home
Let me begin with a few remarks on the Canadian economy. For, quite simply, it matters to your economy that ours does well: we consume 25% of your exports.
I am pleased to tell you that our economy is firing on all cylinders right now. We are strong at home. And a sound fiscal situation assures us of continued success.
Canada avoided recession in 2001. We led the G7 with growth of 3.3% in 2002. And the IMF and OECD predict that our GDP growth will again lead the G-7 in 2003.
Our economy created close to 560,000 jobs in 2002, the highest number of jobs ever created in a single year in Canada. In a country one tenth your size, this is no small achievement.
Inflation has been low and steady for 10 years. Interest rates are lower than they have been in 40 years. We are implementing the largest tax reduction in our history. And Canada's corporate and capital gains tax rates are now below American rates.
Canada has also enjoyed a dramatic fiscal turnaround: we have had five consecutive budget surpluses. We are predicting another budget surplus for this year and surpluses in the years after that. Canada …
<|endofexample|>
…
Questia, a part of Gale, Cengage Learning.
Publication information: Article title: Kaplan & Sadock's Comprehensive Textbook of Psychiatry, 7th Edition. Contributors: Chan, Sandra - Author. Journal title: Hong Kong Journal of Psychiatry. Volume: 11. Issue: 3 Publication date: September 2001. Page number: 23+. © 2009 The Hong Kong College of Psychiatrists Ltd. COPYRIGHT 2001 Gale Group.
This material is protected by copyright and, with the exception of fair use, may not be further copied, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means.
<|endofexample|>
…
Questia, a part of Gale, Cengage Learning.
Publication information: Article title: Policy Group Addresses Environmental Justice. Contributors: Kocheisen, Carol - Author. Magazine title: Nation's Cities Weekly. Volume: 21. Issue: 40 Publication date: October 5, 1998. Page number: 6. © 2009 National League of Cities. COPYRIGHT 1998 Gale Group.
This material is protected by copyright and, with the exception of fair use, may not be further copied, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means.
<|endofexample|>
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes - Disinfectant
- Brand Name: Clorox
- Manufacturer Part Number: 15949EA
- Quantity: 1 Each
- Quantity: Wipe
- Quantity: Green
- Quantity: Fresh
- Quantity: Hard Surface
- Quantity: Glass
- Quantity: Mirror..
Technical Specifications:
Kimberly-Clark 83620 Wypall Microfiber Cloth ...
<|endofexample|>
ITW Dymon SCRUBS Disinfecting/Deodorizing Wipes
- Brand Name: ITW Dymon
- Manufacturer Part Number: 90356
- Quantity: 50 / Each
- Quantity: Wipe
Disinfectant deodorizing wipes are an effective germ-killing disinfectant combined. Tough, abrasive wipes utilize a water-based formula which ensures surfaces remain wet longer to optimize disinfecting time. The textured wipe works quickly not only to loosen, but also to absorb contaminants to ensure a clean and disinfected surface. One-step disinfecting deodorizing solution is portable, safe and easy to use. No spraying or run-off. Disinfects and kills Influenza A2HK, HIV-1 (AIDS Virus), Tuberculocidal (TB), Pseudomonacidal, Herpes Simples Virus 1 & 2, and Herpes.
Technical Specifications:
Kimberly-Clark 83620 Wypall Microfiber Cloth ...
<|endofexample|>
REVIEW SNAPSHOT®
(based on 38 reviews)
92%
of respondents would recommend this to a friend.
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Reviewed by 38 customers
Sort by
Displaying reviews 1-10
Back to top
Previous | Next »
(1 of 1 customers found this review helpful)
Great UPS
By RayC
from Lodi, CA
About Me Quality Oriented
My old UPS got zapped by a power surge (thanks PG&E)). I went out as soon as I discovered that it was blown and picked this UPS.Nearly brainless set-up. I'm pretty tech savvy and this was a breeze. Even a rookie could get this up and running in no time.
Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend
REVIEWED AT
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
(0 of 1 customers found this review helpful)
#1 product on Security system list.
By Joe "Security"
from Houston,Texas
Used in a strategic manner, we were able to provide the client with sufficient time for controlled shutdown of their system in case of power outage.
(0 of 2 customers found this review helpful)
Good Basic
By PPete
from Rexburg, ID
None
(1 of 2 customers found this review helpful)
DO NOT BUY THIS
By Samantha
from Los Angeles, CA
SKIP THIS and buy another model. I use it to keep my drives spinning in a recording studio. It died after only a year, shrieking constantly even after it was unplugged. The replacement battery is IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND. i seem to have ordered one from a sketchy retailer (Staples and APC DO NOT HAVE THEM) but we'll see if it shows up. Buy a RECENT MODEL for which replacement batteries exist. this heavy piece of junk is a [$] thorn in my side and i lost data after it died too.
Bottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend
Great product; exceptional quality
By cembry90
from Louisville, KY
About Me Heavy Duty User
I am somewhat of a heavy-duty user, since I run game servers on dedicated virtual machines.That being said, this product is perfect for what I need. My entire computer system can be powered with this for 40 minutes, giving me more than enough time to shutdown the servers gracefully.The product is great, and the software that comes with it is pretty cool. It shows the CO2 usage, KWh usage, and many more helpful bits of information such as the cost of operating my system.
Power to the Person
By Me from the future
from Oaklandish
After building a lot of redundant-power data centers, I learned to appreciate secondary power.
APC Back-UPS is Fantastic
By trishaze
from Apollo, PA
About Me Frequent User
This backup system is fantastic. I have not had any problems with it taking care of my computer system and attached equipment and that is very important to me as I work from my home office.
Perfectly met needs. Reliable!
By jewels
from Northwest Indiana
This unit is used to secure reliability of a valuable computer system. It is the best UPS we have ever bought.
Recommended by mfg
By tax hero
from upstate NY
We use it all day long, in a busy accounting office.
Great little UPS
By arvtpei
from Cabot, AR
I purchased this UPS to keep a high powered diagnostic imaging workstation up long enough to allow for a graceful shutdown in the event of a power outage.
901-1399
Can't find what you need? Contact Us
©Quill
Lincolnshire, Inc.
2013
This Web site is intended only for use by U.S. residents.
<|endofexample|>
REVIEW SNAPSHOT®
(based on 41 reviews)
93%
of respondents would recommend this to a friend.
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Reviewed by 41 customers
Sort by
Displaying reviews 1-10
Back to top
Previous | Next »
Wite Out
By Rx Guy
from Jackson, NJ
About Me Budget Shopper
I have used Wite-Out for many years and am getting used to the sponge applicator after using the brush for most of my life. While I still prefer the brush versus the sponge, they both did and do the job which is what it is all about. I don't print as much as I had in the past thus I don't need much and will wait for Staples to run their incredible sales like they usually do and then stock up on it. Have several kids in college also necessitates having an ample supply around as you never know when it will be needed.
Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend
REVIEWED AT
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
Love the Quick Dry
By Greeenie
from Manhattan NYC
I will only buy this "Quick Dry" formula from now on. Plenty of times I've needed to make changes on more than one page and had to wait forever for the wite out to dry before stacking or filing the corrected pages. This Quick Dry is such a benefit for me.
Excellent Wite-Out
By Ang
from Buffalo, NY
This is the best white-out I have ever used, and I have been using white-out since 1982! It is NOT messy. It goes on nice and even! It's perfect!
Non Clumping
By Kelly
from Christiana, PA
About Me Midrange Shopper
Doesn't dry out and clump. Great product.
Works well!
By Dee
from Massapequa Park, NY
Use in office
Love the foam applicator!
By Kim a hotel manager
from Ely, NV
About Me Quality Oriented
Sometimes if I have a lot of marks to have to erase from a document, the liquid dries too quickly and I have to close lid and shake bottle again and again. But for just a few corrects, it's perfect.
It works
By Eileen
from Bucks County PA
Sometimes the applicator has more than you need. Wipe off excess before applying.
a lot of glob
By Donna
from 250 W.. Southlake Blvd.
I would not recommend it. It is to messy and a lot of glob.
Bottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend
Works great
By John D. Karotkin
from Dallas, Texas
About Me Value Oriented
Convenient and priced well
works as promised
By RDale40
from Kill Devil Hills, NC
Great Value
Can't find what you need? Contact Us
©Quill
Lincolnshire, Inc.
2013
This Web site is intended only for use by U.S. residents.
<|endofexample|>
Live
List groups and their contacts
For a complete list of the clubs and organisations existing in the Quilpie Shire, contact the Community Services Manager on 07 4656 0500.
Quilpie Polocrosse Club
Quilpie Pony Club
Quilpie Senior Rugby League
Quilpie Junior Rugby League
Quilpie Swimming Club
Quilpie Bowls Club
Quilpie Golf Club
Quilpie Cricket Club
Quilpie Outdoor Recreation Club
Quilpie State School P&C Assoc
St Finbarr’s P&F Assoc
Quilpie Kindergarten & Limited Hours Care Inc.
Quilpie and District Show and Rodeo Assoc
Adavale Sport and Rec Assoc
Eromanga District Community Assoc Inc
Eromanga Rodeo and Campdraft Assoc
Toompine Progress Assoc
Quilpie Events Committee Inc.
Outback Gwondana Foundation
<|endofexample|>
Finally got this quilt quilted. This has been quite a project. A friend did the blocks and I joined them and quilted it. This was made from the customers parents clothes.
That is awesome Jeanine!!!
Love it! Great job!!!!
Wow, Jeanine. Fabulous job. Ginny
Jeanine,
I am always in aw of how you can come up with ideas on what to quilt in all the spaces. Your customer certainly put a lot of effort into the clothes quilt. It's a great keepsake and your quilting was icing on the cake!
It took two days to square up the backing, pin to leaders and load but I did it. Being sick is no fun. But it is loaded and ready to quilt and I am hoping to have energy to wind my bobbins and start quilting a row or two tonight. This quilt is 118" square so it will take a few days at the rate I'm moving to get it done. Slow progress is still progress, right?
They didn't leave me much extra on the backing so I am hoping I don't run into any issues with that! I'll just have to be careful.
That's a pretty neat looking quilt. Love the batiks! You'll do great with it I'm sure. With just the little bit on the edges I hope it's cut straight and there is enough when you get to the bottom. Batiks don't stretch much but I'll keep my fingers crossed right along with you.
Can't wait to see how you quilt it. Whatever you do it'll be great!
Finished the quilt. Mi love it when everything goes smoothly. I will get it trimmed and the binding on tomorrow.
Your quilts always look great Jeanine! Now imagine putting that machine into a 8x10' room thats my situation.
Quilting My Rainbow
ls2116:
Your quilts always look great Jeanine! Now imagine putting that machine into a 8x10' room thats my situation.
You have to get creative when you get a longarm! We took the only storage area we had and converted it to my longarm room. Now we have to get real creative with stuff we need to store. The poor garage is bursting at the seams now. But I have my priorities!
What a beautiful quilt. I love that quilt pattern you used. It looks fantastic, especially on the back. Great job!
Jeanine:Finally got this quilt quilted. This has been quite a project. A friend did the blocks and I joined them and quilted it. This was made from the customers parents clothes.
I love this. Fantastic quilting job Jeanine.
Where are everyone's quilts? I want to see what you are working on!
Here are my quilts this week.
Great looking quilts, Jeanine. I like the way you have the quilting to reflect the style of the quilt. Ginny
I'll try to post this again...
I am going to back away from this site and focus on a limited number of things in my life. I will still post on facebook so if you would like to LIKE my Threads of Faith (business page) or Quilts from the Bluffs (charity page), please do. (you can do a search in facebook on these names.) I don't think the links were accepted before.
Jeanine, I will miss your posts on here but I get it. I have not been on QCA much myself as I get pulled in too many directions. I haven't quilted much lately as we are waiting for some repairs to be done to the basement (where my machine "lives") so I'm in limbo.
Your quilting skills are wonderful & I bet your customers are very happy :-) Your quilt ministry work is a wonderful thing and I wish you success and happiness at work, home & with your ministry. We'll miss you.
<|endofexample|>
Less than one in five Victorian adults are regular smokers, and over half have never smoked, according to figures released today.
The data, from The Cancer Council Victoria, indicates an overall reduction in regular smoking prevalence for Victorian adults since 1998, decreasing to 18.5% in 2005.
Latest figures show smoking rates remain lowest amongst among Victorians over 50, where 11.5% are regular smokers, compared to 21.1% of Victorians aged 30-49 and 26% of Victorians aged between 18-29 years.
Professor Melanie Wakefield, from The Cancer Council Victoria, said there were several contributing factors to the continuing decrease in the number of Victorians smoking since 1998, when the proportion of Victorians smoking regularly was 21.7%
"In this time, Victoria experienced a rise in smokefree environments, including shopping centres, enclosed restaurants and cafés, and we have also been exposed to a raft of quit smoking advertising campaigns. Price increases also play an important role in a person's decision to quit smoking."
The data released also shows the proportion of heavy smokers (25 or more cigarettes per day) dropped over 10% to 16% in 2005. There was also a significant increase in the proportion of light smokers, with over half of the regular smokers in Victoria smoking less than 15 cigarettes per day.
Professor Wakefield said although it is encouraging to see fewer cigarettes smoked, it underlines the need to emphasis to smokers that there is no such thing as a safe level of tobacco consumption.
"The only way to stop and reverse the damage done by cigarettes is to quit smoking completely."
Executive Director of Quit Victoria, Mr Todd Harper said despite the gradual decline in smoking rates there was no room for complacency in tobacco control.
"Although data suggests that smoking prevalence is on a downward trend, we cannot afford to become cavalier about the devastating human toll of tobacco. Tobacco control must remain a major public health priority to ensure smoking rates continue to come down."
"Smoking-caused deaths in Victoria outstrip deaths caused by illicit drugs, alcohol, and road deaths combined, so every effort and investment to prevent Victorians from taking up this deadly habit should be made."
"Tobacco kills almost 4000 Victorians every year, and the fact is that most of these deaths will occur in people who started smoking before the age of 18 years."
Mr Harper said he expected tobacco marketing at point-of-sale and the use of cigarette packaging to be the new battlegrounds in tobacco control.
"With bans on both traditional and buzz marketing, the tobacco industry is becoming increasingly reliant on the point-of-sale retail area and cigarette packaging to market its product."
"Banning tobacco product displays at point-of-sale and moving to plain packaging on cigarettes is vital in reducing exposure to tobacco marketing."
According to Mr. Harper the introduction of new graphic pack warnings on cigarette packaging this year and the implementation of state-based tobacco reforms including smoking bans in pubs and clubs in July 2007 offers a once in a lifetime opportunity to get smoking rates lower than ever before in Victoria.
"The introduction of graphic health warnings earlier this year means that every time someone buys a pack of cigarettes they will be exposed explicitly to the harms of smoking, and then once again, each time they reach for a cigarette."
"We hope these important changes, combined with the graphic campaigns highlighting the dangers of smoking and providing smokers with encouragement to call the Quitline, will ease the burden of tobacco within the next five years," said Mr. Harper.
ends
Edwina Vellar,
Media Manager
ph: (03) 9635 5400
mob: 0417 303 811
<|endofexample|>
This article originally appeared in the National Times
Recently, I was waiting for a train at North Richmond, huddling out of the rain, when a tough-looking man came up just near me and lit up a cigarette. Within seconds, another man came over to bot one, which was duly handed over with a friendly smile. By way of thanks — but not entirely graciously — he started a conversation about how he usually smokes roll-your-owns.
The tough-looking man wasn't quite sure how to respond. "I guess it's cheaper . . ." he ventured.
"Cheaper and better for ya mate. Less chemicals than in these."
"Yeah! Tailors all have chemicals in 'em. Those too."
"Oh . . ."
The tough-looking man went quiet and puffed a bit harder. The other man was clearly pleased to have been able to share his knowledge, although he didn't seem overly worried about the chemicals he was inhaling as a result of botting a tailor-made.
Lots of smokers make the call that what they smoke is preferable to what other people smoke. For decades, smokers were enticed to switch to "light" or "mild" cigarettes, enabling them to console themselves that they were loosening nicotine's grip and taking in less "tar" at the same time (although, unfortunately, they were wrong on both counts). No brands are allowed to be labelled "light" or "mild" now, but they can still be labelled "smooth" and "fine" and many smokers continue to mistakenly trust the evidence of their senses and believe that these less harsh-tasting brands are less harmful. Other smokers use different reasoning to convince themselves that smoking roll-your-owns is the "safer" option — not unusual among smokers.
One of our ongoing problems in tobacco control is conveying the distinction between what is added to tobacco by cigarette companies and what happens when you cure and then burn tobacco. The reality is that the nasty chemicals that can be isolated from cigarette smoke overwhelmingly come from the combustion of tobacco, rather than from any non-tobacco ingredients. To give an example that will be familiar to readers: one of the toxic substances smokers inhale is acetone, a major ingredient of nail polish remover and paint stripper. Putting significant amounts of acetone into your lungs is certainly something to avoid. However, it's there in all tobacco smoke from the combustion of sugars. The tobacco industry do not add nail polish remover or paint stripper to factory made cigarettes.
The public health messages that draw attention to chemicals such as acetone being found in tobacco smoke have been crafted precisely to get smokers to think "yuk!" and push them further along the track towards quitting. However, as an unintended consequence of drawing attention to "chemicals" in cigarette smoke, some smokers have gone in search of cigarettes that don't contain "chemicals". It's not too hard to see how some smokers arrive at the decision that roll-your-own cigarettes are "better for you". The associations we habitually make between "hand-made" and "natural" with "goodness" are readily put to work in favour of concluding that smoking roll-your-owns is preferable to smoking factory-made cigarettes. You just have to avoid thinking too much about the possibility that your reasoning was entirely wrong.
To those who are prepared to be convinced I would offer the following basic facts about how roll-your-own and factory-made cigarettes are the same for practical purposes. Roll-your-own tobacco is cut in longer thinner strands than the tobacco in factory made cigarettes but otherwise it is overwhelmingly the same – the same tobacco varieties grown in the same soil, sprayed with the same pesticides and cured in the same barns.
Secondly, roll-your-own tobacco contains the same additives as are in factory-made cigarettes, although some of these are actually added at higher levels. They are usually innocuous sounding things such as sugar, honey, liquorice and cocoa but used for the not-so-innocuous purpose of making cigarettes more pleasant to smoke.
We know from smoke chemistry research that when you collect smoke from roll-your-own cigarettes and factory-made cigarettes you find the same range of carcinogens and other toxins at much the same concentrations. We also know from toxicological research that the urine of roll-your-own smokers and factory-made cigarette smokers contains the same break-down products of carcinogens and other toxins at much the same levels.
All the science is in on this. I know many smokers distrust the "official" science on smoking and health and some have a story to tell about how we let tobacco companies get away with adding all sorts of nasty chemicals to cigarettes, because we want cigarettes to be as dangerous as possible to make smokers quit. So, it is scientists and anti-smoking campaigners, rather than the tobacco industry, that are the bad guys in the story. However, it simply isn't true.
The tobacco industry should definitely be banned from using additives but the effect won't be to make cigarettes less harmful, it will be to make them harsher and less pleasant tasting. That could discourage people from starting to smoke and to make it a bit easier for those who are hooked already to finally quit. Which I hope everyone could eventually come to see would be a very good thing.
Bill King has researched smokers' beliefs and tobacco industry regulation for 10 years at the Cancer Council Victoria and is currently an honorary research associate.
<|endofexample|>
bodoi.info - information about domain
- Server Status: available
- Server IP: 213.186.33.17
- Server Response Time: 96ms
Our site strives to provide helpful information to our readers. By offering not only fact-based whois information, but also an informative overview of each website, we seek to give you a broad view of how each site operates. Every day our writers and researchers work together to find all of the most up-to-date information about each website we feature. Our goal is to create a space where you will gain the most information for your time, because in our view, our time is spent saving others’ time. Rather than spending hours scouring the web for the information you seek, you will be able to find it all in one well-organized space, allowing you more time to enjoy browsing the web at your leisure.
This site has been a great resource for me. The ease of use, wide variety of information, as well as the great layout are a refreshing change to the standard, bulky sites I have used in the past. Here I am able to find everything I need in one site, without spending hours sifting through little bits of information across the Internet. This has led to improving my own productivity, because I spend far less time searching all over the place for the content I need. I definitely see a strong future for this site and will continue to use it for my needs.
eRic000 - eRic Design
<|endofexample|>
Here Comes the Groom [1951]
More on IMDB | Buy this movie now
Emmadel Jones: No, I'm not going to live Ma's life all over again, waiting on shore for a sailor who comes to land every three years. It's like being married to a salmon!
Baines: Shall I break your egg, Sir?
Pa Jones: No thank you. I have me own teeth!
<|endofexample|>
“I didn't notice a dramatic difference. The difference is if his leg is bothering him, he can compensate with his arm. But if he's compensating with his arm, he's not going to last very long. He'll end up not only with a sore leg but a sore shoulder. And Roger is a classic leg-driving pitcher.”
Related quotes
“Throughout the 1990s, the level of executive compensation increased dramatically, especially in S&P 500 firms.”
“I felt like my leg was starting to tighten up. Maybe I'm compensating because of my injury. I was never in doubt I was going to finish that match.”
.”
<|endofexample|>
“If you have got a jacket with a belt, you do not want to leave the belt undone, because it flops around and is distracting.”
Related quotes
“The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.”
“This process can be set back ... but I do not think it can be undone. Because it is very much a one-way process ... not towards a united Ireland, but more to responsible government.”
<|endofexample|>
Related quotes
“Our chicken segment generated solid results and prepared foods improved, while pork struggled and beef further deteriorated, producing significant operating losses.”
“Pork has a lot going for it: It cooks up quickly, it's a good source of protein and it's relatively low in calories.”
>>IMAGE.”
“To serve 300, we'll need 175 chickens, 120 racks of ribs, and 140 pounds of pork. We'll have a full entourage of people to help serve.”
“I had a pan of pork, cooked pork, sitting in here and it didn't have a top on it, and i believe it did not have a label on it, which comes into the label as well.”
<|endofexample|>
All quotes tagged Republic
(150 quotes found)
“Her eyebrows are clipped parentheses, and she paints her face for the last days of the Weimar Republic. Frizzy orange curls grow in her wild hair like snapdragons pleading for water.”
.”
“Speed has always been my game. It's how I got signed out of the Dominican Republic and it's what got me to the big leagues. If I'm going to have a long career, it's going to be because I can run.”
<|endofexample|>
All quotes tagged Secrets
(920!”
“One of the secrets of a long and fruitful life is to forgive everybody everything before you go to bed”
“The more one sees of human fate and the more one examines its secret springs of action, the more one is impressed by the strength of unconscious motives and by the limitations of free choice”
“Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body. But you haven't learned how to read the wisdom of the body”
<|endofexample|>
Having problems combating ad fatigue? No need to worry further! We just released our ad rotation feature to help you combat ad fatigue.
What is ad fatigue?
One of the most common problems in online marketing in general and in Facebook marketing in particular is ad fatigue. The phenomenon ad fatigue can cause huge decreases in CTR and consequently increases in bid prices.
Basically the ad fatigue phenomenon means that people who surfs the web and sees the same ads many times tend to get less receptive to the ads over time. For each time the user sees the ad the less effect the ad will have upon the potential clicker. This means that the ad gets “tired” and losses traction.
Many say that ad fatigue in Facebook advertising is especially problematic since Facebook will punish ads with low CTR harder than in many other online market places.
Our solution to you
With our ad rotation engine you can easily set up an automated rotation of all the ads you have in each campaign. You can set up how often you want to rotate the ads and how many of the ads you want to rotate each time. This means that you no longer need to pause and play ads manually to make sure you decrease the risk of ad fatigue. Let our tool do the work for you instead!
You will find the ad rotation feature in our campaign section (1). In order to activate the feature you need to select one campaign (2).
Once you selected a campaign the ad rotation button in the bottom pane is activated. Simply click on the button to set up the ad rotation for the selected campaign (3).
At Qwaya we are constantly generating solutions for you to automate and ease your manual work in your Facebook advertising. Our focus is to generate a tool that lets you focus on your business goals instead of wasting time on manual work. Ad rotation is definitely a great way to save you time and effort.
<|endofexample|>
I'm yap79 from Beijing. I've been Qyping since 18-11-2011
My Businesses on Qype:
Wenzhou translation and Sourcing Agent
- Reviews: 0
- Friends: 0
- Invitations: 0
- Photos added: 0
- Videos added: 0
- Places categorised: 0
- Events added: 0
- Checkins: 0
yap79 doesn't have any contacts yet
yap:
<|endofexample|>
Contemporary Urban Centre London
Southwark, London
please contact the CUC London on 020 7939 9720 for further details
please contact the CUC London on 020 7939 9720 for further details show less
- Address:
73-81 Southwark Bridge Road, London SE1 0NQ
Tube:
- Borough Tube Station (0.2 km)
- Southwark Station (0.3 km)
- 020 7939 9720...
- Opening hours:
- Mon - Fri: 8:00 - 19:00
Sat - Sun: closed
3rd Floor Duru House, 101 Commercial Road, London E1 1RD
“Light, bright and airy conference, meeting rooms and function hall are available for hire on Commercial road, E1. Different room sizes available to suit your purpose. Additional services/ Equipments: Projector and screen, flip chart, laptops,...” more...
0 reviews of Contemporary Urban Centre London in English
Write your review of Contemporary Urban Centre London
Places nearby Contemporary Urban Centre London
menier chocolate factory 51/53 Southwark Street, Southwark, London SE1 1RU
Cosmowoman: “Enchanting little theatre. Nice and original evening out.We had a great time and will come back!...” more...
Your bookmark has been removed
Your bookmark has been saved
Did you know?
You can access your bookmarks from our mobile apps!
Do you really want to delete this comment?
<|endofexample|>
response, he accuses some political hacker of attempting to sit on his Facebook.
I first encountered Anthony Weiner in his 1991 campaign for City Council, and immediately renamed him “Tony the Hot Dog.”
His name meant hot dog; at around 6’ 2 and ninety pounds, he sure looked like a hot dog, and there was no doubt he thought he was a hot dog.
An ambitious young man with a name like Weiner has a number of choices. One is to embrace it with relish (perhaps not the best choice of words).
Weiner proudly stood tall and erect, fully engorged and ready to thrust deeply into public life.
This was a hot dog with real onions.
The truth is Anthony’s name problem has never been his surname, but rather what we generally refer to as a “Christian name,” because in Anthony’s case, it really was.
In Weiner’s first race for office, his opponents (except for Gerald Bisogno) spread the rumor that Weiner was half -Italian.
These days, the rumors are different.
I hope Anthony has a sense of Huma about this stuff.
For other politicians, a name can be an inconvenience.
Several decades ago, young Andrew Finkelstein, son of a publishing magnate. decided he was going to be the POTUS, and changed his last name it to the shorter, but still Semitic, Stein.
Admittedly, his options were limited. “Fink,” even if it were less Jewish (and it was not), presented some additional issues, especially among social club Italians, while if he used “El,” he might have been mistaken for Puerto Rican or Arab.
Perhaps he could have called himself Andy Ste.
At any rate, the young man set upon his father’s fortune and bought himself an Assembly seat, as well as a Senior Citizen’s Center, which he named for himself, the name change facilitating the need for a somewhat less expensive facade.
After that, his career skyrocketed, and Young Finkelstein served as Manhattan Beep and City Council President before his future ambitions foundered upon his reputation for slow wittedness and bad toupees.
Finkelstein retired from public life and was little heard from, except for an occasional Page Six note of his appalling taste in women (Anne Coulter!!!).
Then there was Warren William Wilhelm, who perhaps not enamored of the association his real name created with the late former Vice President (recently turned 100) who Jimmy Carter once referred to as Hubert Horatio Hornblower, decided it would be better to forsake a surname which might be accurately thought of as Germanic by New York’s German-hating Jews, and instead adopted one (once belonging to his mom) which might advantage him among New York’s Italian-loving Italians, and ended up as Bill De Blasio (if he were in Queens, he might have ended up as Wor Eng de la Blas).
And yet, the lesson sometimes get lost.
In white southern Brooklyn, they take a different tack.
Jewish candidates with not necessarily Jewish names often use a more ethnically suitable middle name like Michael “Jules” Garson (who once ran against Weiner for his Council seat), Herbert “Saul” Lupka (who once held the seat for about 15 minutes), and, at the beginning of his political career, Michael “Chaim” Nelson (who holds that seat now).
Eventually, Nelson solved his problem with a mailer in which it was explained that his ancestors were named Katznelson, and had obviously never thought of running for office in Sheepshead Bay.
The flyer featured an old European picture of an Ultra-Orthodox family of the sort found in most every Jewish household (except, apparently, the Katznelsons [Michael and his wife, the late Sheila “Feigie“ Nelson], who are said to have borrowed their photo from Bernie Catcher).
For years, the expert at ethnic pandering was then Councilwoman Carolyn Maloney (whose current Congressional district incorporates the original turf of the Young Finkelstein). Every campaign featured the mailing of a targeted piece which created the (false) impression that she was Jewish (it always included her maiden name, so she appeared as the subliminally suggestive “Carolyn Bosher Maloney”. Insiders referred to it as “the Carolyn Kosher Baloney piece”).
In that spirit, the Presbyterian Maloney would also (scandalously) take communion in Catholic churches, go all prep-school Episcopal WASPY on the Upper East Side, and sound like she was raised on a turnip farm when she spoke at a Harlem Baptist church.
Truth be told, I always found this name stuff overrated; Mayor Robert Wagner (a political rival of Finkelstein Sr. whose son's electoral career was ended by a loss to Finkelstein Jr.) was posessed of a name second only to Hitler in its evocation of Germanic anti-Semitism, yet he still managed in 1961 to cream both the fantastically popular Arthur Levitt (in the primary) and the fantastically popular Louis Lefkowitz (in the general) among their fellow Semites. True, in 1956, Wagner hemorrhaged normally Democratic Jewish votes to Jake Javits in a race for the US Senate, but that was in part because of Jewish fears that a Wagner victory would lead to Council President Abe "Hit Sign, Win Suit" Stark becoming the city's first Jewish Mayor (if one doesn't count, as Hitler would, LaGuardia).
But let my thoughts stray back, as they invariably do, to the topic of Weiner, so I can flex my tongue some more until my thoughts reach their climax, and not a moment prematurely.
“Oy, not only is the wife a Muslim, she works for Hillary Clinton yet; better he should get a pilegesh; is she Jewish, at least?”
Of course, there is a possibly of this being much ado about something very little (perhaps not the best choice of words).
Weiner says someone hacked his Facebook account, and from there got into his Twitter.
Been there, done that.
When my Facebook account was hacked, they also into my Hotmail. Between the two, everyone I knew got messages asking for money.
Domestic Partner immediately reached out to all her contacts: “If you received an email from Gatemouth asking for money to get back from England, please don't send him anything! We’d like to keep him there for as long as possible. Thanks!”On the other hand, Weiner seems to have been able to address his problems faster than it would seem possible.
While I was able to fix my Facebook account pretty quickly, I was locked out of my Hotmail, and it took days to convince them of my identity and let me back in. Still, I was not a member (perhaps not the best choice of words) of Congress.
A more tech savvy friend was more skeptical:
“ah, but that's a relatively simple explanation for a simple story. Weiner's story requires substantially more complexity.
When you upload a photo taken from your blackberry to Twitter, the photo gets automatically uploaded to this program called YFrog.
Whoever hacked Weiner's account must have used the same Facebook password for his YFrog and Twitter, uploaded a photo, sent that out via Twitter, and then have arrangements for the 20something girl to delete her normally active Twitter account after she publicly gets the dick pic message
apparently the girl is in Seattle and Weiner was in Seattle at the time, so the layers of maliciousness for this criminal hack must have been very elaborate in their planning for details
I mean, I just think if someone was going to concoct such an elaborate & illegal social media scheme/hack to embarrass a sitting Congressman, couldn't you find something more sensationalist than a clothed crotch? :) Or at least throw in a "here you go baby" line next to it or something to make it pack an extra punch!
It's just straight bizarre. A more normal explanation for Weiner's events would be something like a staff member mistakenly logging into the official account for a private message that was accidentally broadcast or something.”
Nonetheless, I find it hard to swallow (perhaps not the best choice of words).
If Weiner was going to send an enticing picture of himself, it goes without saying he would have used a more impressive angle. Perhaps he would have sent a picture of something much larger.
Like his ego.
And Weiner is certainly not without his enemies.
I don’t even suspect the Republicans, though they HATE HATE HATE him.
To me. a more likely perp is a potential mayoral rival like Warren Wilhelm.
Or perhaps the current Manhattan Borough President is worried that female voters might prefer the an impressive Weiner to a far less substantial Stringer.
All my instincts tell me that Weiner is the victim of a malicious prank.
Then I remember a story from Weiner’s career on the Council.
Weiner had just piloted a hearing on abuses in the high fashion modeling industry, allowing Weiner ample opportunity to indulge in ingesting some eye candy.
Weiner had gotten nothing but bad publicity in the papers, and was asked at a local clubhouse why he had done something so monumentally silly.
He answered “For the same reason a dog licks his balls. Because I can.”
UPDATE: Having now seen pictures of the young lady allegedly in question (which I've chosen not to link) I am now even more dubious that something was going on between them.
Of course, I would have said the same thing about Arnold.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 License.
<|endofexample|>
Control where you host, for flexibility and scalability with no vendor lock-in.
Run in our data center, your data center, or any data center.
Host on dedicated hardware to
meet your exact compliance
and performance needs.
Tired of subpar support? We're always available, and we’re empowered to help you. No scripted answers or one-size-fits-all solutions here: just the support you need, when you need it, 24x7x365.
The control and added security of a single-tenant environment, plus a dedicated team to manage it for you.
From Hosted Exchange to Hosted SharePoint, we have a solution to save your business time and money.
Rackspace is a leader in the 2013 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Managed Hosting, North America. Read the Report
<|endofexample|>
This post was composed by Issac Roth, Director of Product Marketing – Cloud Solutions at Red Hat
Red Hat’s Makara team is pleased to announce the availability of the Makara Cloud Application Platform for use with The Rackspace Cloud.
Makara is a Platform-as-a-Service that allows you to deploy, manage, monitor and auto-scale your new or existing Java and PHP applications in the cloud with little or no modifications.
You can learn more about how Makara works by going checking out our resources page for videos, tutorials and How-To guides.
Makara has been supporting Amazon’s public cloud for almost a year now, but we kept hearing from devops folks and app developers that they would love to see Makara available on The Rackspace Cloud. Ask and you shall receive!
Getting started with Makara on The Rackspace Cloud is easy. Just head on over to the Try-It link on the Makara site to get your trial started.
We are also hosting a webinar on March 17, 2011 at 2PM CST where I’ll be demonstrating how to deploy, manage, monitor and scale your Java or PHP app on The Rackspace Cloud, plus cover more of the features available with Makara.
Finally, as many of you know, Makara was acquired by Red Hat in November 2010. Under Red Hat, we are providing the current version of the Makara Cloud Application Platform as a FREE Developer Preview! This Developer Preview is unsupported, though we will participate in community forums and IRC to offer advice and discussion. Future versions will be incorporated into the upcoming Red Hat Platform as a Service offering — stay tuned for more exciting news on this! For more information concerning Red Hat’s PaaS and Cloud Foundations offerings, visit the Cloud Foundations website.
If you still have questions, drop us a line, we’d love to hear from you!
My english is short and I can not acces to the webimar, is possible i only undertand a few words
, but really I’m client of file hosting some months ago, and is a very very cdn fast service i’m very satisfaced. Congratulations for your great work!
David
[...] This post was mentioned on Twitter by anand ganesan, Jason Stratford. Jason Stratford said: @rackcloud posted – Red Hat’s Makara Cloud Application Platform Makes it Easier to Deploy to the Rackspace Cloud [...]
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Leroy Anderson published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-7 of 7 » View wsbtradio: Culture, Xanadu (musical), Movies, Music, Arts and Culture: Technology, Economy, Business and Finance, YouTube, Theodore Roosevelt, Charles Bukowski
Gold Orchestra to perform in Concordia
The Gold Orchestra is an orchestra made up of 73 musicians in grades 5-10 in and around Manhattan, Kan. They will be performing at the Brown Grand Opera House in Concordia on Feb. 11. The conductor of the Gold Orchestra is David Littrell, University...
Tags: Culture, Circuses, Johannes Brahms, Music Industry, Manhattan (New York City): Culture, Dance, Republic of Ireland, Christianity, Concerts, Music, Circuses, Music Industry, Concerts: Annapolis, Felix Mendelssohn, Ceremonies, Holidays,: Christianity, Music Industry, New York, Glendale (Queens, New York), Music
May 16, 2013 |Story| Pasadena Sun
Dec 31, 2011 |Column| Los Angeles Times
Jan 25, 2012 |Story| Fetchtoto
Mar 14, 2012 |Story| Baltimore Sun
Jan 6, 2012 |Story| Glendale News Press
Oct 20, 2011 |Story| Baltimore Sun
Nov 10, 2010 |Story| Glendale News Press
Original site for Leroy Anderson topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Displaying items 13-24 of 51 » View wsbtradio.com items only
< Previous 1 2 3 4 5 Next > (Lancaster,, Monterey (Berks, Pennsylvania), Waynesboro (Waynesboro, Virginia), Monterey (Lancaster,: Human Interest, Battle of Antietam, Wars and Interventions, Travel, Culture
Eva M. Chase, 81Mrs. Eva....
Tags: Religion and Belief, Cancer, Christianity, Frederick (Frederick, Maryland), Monterey (Berks, Pennsylvania)
Five for your planner: Tuesday, Sept. 25
1. An apple a day Canal Apple Days will be from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 29, and from noon to 5 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 30, at Widmeyer Park, West High Street, Hancock. The festival includes a parade on Main Street at 11 a.m. Saturday; a fiddle and...
Tags: Foods and Beverages, Recreational and Sporting Goods Industry, Lifestyle and Leisure, Arts and Culture, Festive Events
Work about to begin on Sept. 11 memorial in Washington Townshipwaynesboro@herald-mail.comSite work is about to begin for a Sept. 11, 2001, memorial in Washington Township, Pa., as fundraising continues. Volunteers spearheading the project say site preparation at Red Run Park could start in as early as a week. They remain significantly...
Tags: The Pentagon, Human Interest, United Air Lines, World War II (1939-1945), New York City
Five for your planner: Friday, July 20
1. Ice cream and books The Blue Ridge Summit Free Library will celebrate 90 years of service with a book sale, music, magic and free ice cream 9 a.m. through 3 p.m. Saturday, July 21. The library is at 13676 Monterey Lane, Blue Ridge Summit, Pa....
Tags: Foods and Beverages, Lifestyle and Leisure, Libraries, Arts and Culture, Ice Cream
Weekend calendar - June 30Jazz concert Jazz legends Ben Tucker and Lou Donaldson will perform. 6 p.m. today. Mather Training Center lawn, Filmore Street, Harpers Ferry, W.Va. Free. For information and directions, call 304-535-6298. Union artillery Living history volunteers...
Tags: Chesapeake (Chesapeake, Virginia), Human Interest, Gardens and Parks, Auto Racing, Wars and Interventions: Franklin County (Pennsylvania), Ford, Passenger Cars, Wars and Interventions, Monterey (Berks, Pennsylvania)
Man charged with assaulting Waynesboro police officerWaynesboro police twice used a stun gun to subdue a man who allegedly struck an officer after yelling “Everyone is going to die!” in the street near 226 W. Second St. Christopher Thomas Wertz, 18, of 13194 C Monterey Lane, Blue Ridge Summit,...
Tags: Weaponry, Monterey (Berks, Pennsylvania), Prosecution, Monterey (Lancaster, Pennsylvania), Waynesboro (Waynesboro, Virginia)
Night life for March 29 to April 4-...
Tags: Lifestyle and Leisure, American Legion, Brunswick (Frederick, Maryland), Monterey (Berks, Pennsylvania), Frederick (Frederick, Maryland)
Weekend Calendar - March 17Benefit dance A benefit dance for Susan G. Komen for the Cure. The evening includes a buffet dinner, raffles, 50/50 raffle, cash bar, music by Spectrum. Today 6:30 p.m. doors open; 7:30 p.m. dinner; dancing follows. Next Dimensions, 132 Old National...
Tags: Culture, Philadelphia (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), Arts and Culture, Music, Monterey (Berks, Pennsylvania)
Oct 29, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Oct 28, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Oct 14, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Oct 3, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Sep 25, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Jul 15, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Jul 20, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Jun 29, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Jun 23, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
May 10, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Mar 29, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Mar 16, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Original site for Monterey (Franklin, Pennsylvania) topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Qstock
Choose to visit Oulu during its annual Qstock celebration and be treated to packed outdoor concerts, kids' activities, fireworks shows and more. Oulu holidays are a special experience during the Qstock festival, held each summer at the end of July.
For a hotel to match the city's lively festival atmosphere, book a room at the Radisson Blu Hotel, Oulu. This hotel in Oulu, Finland, has a selection of restaurants and bars to continue the celebration in, or just choose to relax in one of the hotel's 221 rooms and suites, each outfitted with Magic Dreams beds.
Visit Oulu's celebration of rock music, Qstock
A fixture of the city's cultural calendar since its debut in 2002, Qstock has drawn more and more visitors each year for its schedule of events and concerts. Hosted in the Kuusisaari area of Oulu, Qstock runs for two fun-filled days and nights each year.
Qstock collects a veritable who's-who of rock and metal bands from Finland and beyond for a schedule of performances across several stages on the island. Each evening of the festival culminates in a fireworks display for spectators, visable across the estuary.
All ages are welcome at Qstock, with those over 60 and under 10 admitted to the festival grounds free of charge (though some conditions apply).
Stay at the Radisson Blu Hotel, Oulu for the festival
Located just across the river from Qstock, the Radisson Blu Hotel, Oulu provides a great spot for accommodation in Oulu during the festival. The hotel is also in a perfect position to catch other concerts in Oulu, including the slightly heavier Jalometalli festival.
After a day full of star-studded concerts and great food and drink, retire to a comfortable hotel room in the Oulu city centre for a good night's rest.
<|endofexample|>
Recently added item(s)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
You are about to change the currency that is being displayed.
This conversion is an estimate and you will be billed in GBP when your order is placed
1-12 of 15 Results
Clutch Bag
Mini Cross Body Bag
Medium Cross Body Bag
Medium Shoulder Bag
Multiway Holdall
Weekender
Small Acrossbody Bag
Medium Clutch Bag
Medium Grab Bag
Medium Across Body Bag
Medium Multi Way Bag
<|endofexample|>
Eurail Denmark-Germany Pass
Diverse and versatile. Two countries: One Pass!
The cultures (not to mention the size) of Denmark and Germany are very different, but Scandinavia is closer to Western Europe than most realize. So why not travel them both with one rail pass: the Eurail Denmark-Germany Pass.
The pass provides unlimited and flexible train travel on the entire national rail networks of Denmark and Germany. Seeing Germany by rail is not only fun and relaxing, it may very well be the best way to explore the country. That’s because the German rail system is highly efficient, and you can reach almost every city in Germany via train.
Here's what you get:
- Unlimited train travel on the national rail network in Denmark and Germany.
- Choice of 4, 5, 6, 8 or 10 days of unlimited train travel within a 2-month period.
- Travel days may be used consecutively or non-consecutively.
- Valid on KD Rhein Line daytime steamers between Koeln and Mainz<<
<|endofexample|>
5x
Product Details:
Format: Paperback
Publisher: Perseus Books Group
ISBN-10: 0465021875
ISBN-13: 9780465021871
Sku: 217116580
Publish Date: 7/26/2011
Dimensions: (in Inches) 8.75H x 5.75L x 1.25T
Pages: 448
Edition Number: 45
Age Range: 22 to UP
See more in Style Manuals
Related Products
In "The Reality of the Mass Media," Luhmann extends his ...
Book Format: Paperback. Number of Pages: 0215. Publisher: Oxford University Press, USA ...
<|endofexample|>
Harvest Moon (Series)
From Harvest Moon | Rune Factory Wiki
Harvest Moon (牧場物語, Bokujō Monogatari?, lit. "Ranch Story").
The first Harvest Moon game was Harvest Moon, released for the SNES in 1996. Games in the series have also been produced for GameBoy and GBA, Nintendo 64, PlayStation, PlayStation 2, GameCube and Nintendo DS; with new titles for PSP, Nintendo DS, and for the Wii.
Most.
The ultimate challenge is for the player to manage their time. There is only a short amount of time in each game day, and the player only has a set amount of energy. They must balance their time and strength by working on the farm and making friends with the people in town.
* From the official Wikipedia.
Games
Characters
List of all Harvest Moon Characters
<|endofexample|>
Everything!Ooops!!!"Those"-now OK?
Everything!Ooops!!!"Those"-now OK?
LET'S Make this Showy!
Our Mentee was watching Goakaiger us and identified with Capitan Marvelous so we started making a render of him.
I gotta be the one that says this, he looks kinda creepy from what you started on.
Let's make this Showy
This should be a fun little experiment
I'm going to start live stream my rendering and photoshop stuff
Every night starting at 9PM PSt, if i get enough people from these forums I'll even start working on pixels in real time and asking for input in the chat log.
Last edited by nekollx; 09-06-2011 at 12:34 AM.
Wanted a Gokai Yellow Wallpaper for my laptop, so i made one
Been a long time
since i'm working on RiR Mystic Force figured id finish my MF pixels
I have 3 main groups
"standard, wizard (udonna), knight" as well as the legend mode and battilizer in the works
These use Taiko554's base
Lost everything when my HDD fried so had to start over from scratch, figured I'd do SMG so let me present th fest set of pixels on my new
hdd These use Taiko554's base, and is still a Work in Progress but behold
the Maidens of Justice
SMG Update
<|endofexample|>
G Jaji Books List
G Jaji books list. G Jaji bibliography includes all books by G Jaji. Book list may include collections, editorial contributions, etc - any type of book or journal citing G Jaji as a writer should appear on this list, in alphabetical order. The full bibliography of the author G Jaji below includes book jacket images whenever possible. Depending on the writer and type of writing, this G Jaji reading list could include fiction, nonfiction, novels, literature, etc and may include a few different editions of a given book, though it is not a definitive list with regards to editions of book titles. This list below has a variety of items, like Let's Do Mathematics and Grade 7 Mental Mathematics, in it. You can use this fact-based list to create a new list, re-rank it to fit your opinion, then publish it.
- 1
Grade 3 Mental MathematicsG Jaji
- 2
Grade 7 Mental MathematicsG Jaji
- 3
Let's Do MathematicsO Lawton, G Jaji
- 4
Let's Do MathematicsG Jaji
G Jaji Books List use this list to rank your own version
today on Ranker
start a list with results
close sorting window
Rank Name
use the search box to filter your list
<|endofexample|>
Alfred Paget
listopedia
Film Actors from United Kingdom
List of famous feature film actors or actresses from United Kingdom; incl. actors born in United Kingdom or actors who immigrated to United Kingdom. Alphabetical, sortable by column.
United Kingdom - Film Actors From Here
List of famous feature film or movie actors/actresses who were born in or whose home town/state is United Kingdom, incl. past/present Hollywood and other cinema performers. Alphabetical, sort by column.
Full Cast of Intolerance Actors/Actresses
Intolerance cast list. This list of the Intolerance actors’ names (actors in the movie Intolerance) contains photos of the cast members when available. This fact-based cast roster includes any Intolerance actresses and all other actors from the film. Intolerance cast members have done many other films so be s...more
Full Cast of Martyrs Of The Alamo Actors/Actresses
Martyrs of the Alamo cast list. This list of the Martyrs of the Alamo actors’ names (actors in the movie Martyrs of the Alamo) contains photos of the cast members when available. This fact-based cast roster includes any Martyrs of the Alamo actresses and all other actors from the film. Martyrs of the Alamo ca...more
video
Alfred Paget
1913 Battle Of Elderbush Gulch (Mae Marsh, Alfred Paget, Lillian Gish, Elmer Booth)
youtube.com 20 mins - Nov 28, 2012 - Uploaded by inthearchivesagain
1911 The Squaw's Love (Mabel Normand, Alfred Paget, Dark Cloud)
youtube.com 13 mins - Nov 29, 2012 - Uploaded by inthearchivesagain
1913 The Telephone And The Lady (Mae Marsh, Claire McDowell, Alfred Paget)
youtube.com 11 mins - Aug 17, 2012 - Uploaded by tonightonthetelly
viewers of this item also saw
Famous People Buried at Westminster Abbey
- vote on this
The Best Science-Fiction Authors
- vote on this
Top Celebrities in South Park
- vote on this
Famous Service Quotes
- vote on this
The Most Beautiful Korean Actresses
- vote on this
Christian Grey Fantasy Casting
<|endofexample|>
Artist of the Month is:
Sven Juhllin
Be notified of site updates, subscribe to the newsletter.
Please, fill in the form below to register and become a member. Once the form is submitted, you should receive an email within a few minutes to confirm your registration.
Registration Details
Profile Details
Preferences
Confirmation Code
Confirmation code
Type the characters you see in the image below.
<|endofexample|>
?
Jersey Pocket Stuff with Chris Jones
There are just a few days to go with both the Rapha Facebook Jersey Pocket Stuff Competition as well as the USA Pro Cycling Challenge happening here in Colorado. How are these two things linked together you may be asking yourself? Well, good question, but they are. One submission of the Jersey Pocket Stuff comes from our Rapha Focus Pro Cyclocross racer Chris Jones. When he is not competing at the highest level of US Cyclocross Jones spends his time racing with the UnitedHealthCare Pro Cycling Team. He is currently sitting about half-way up on the GC for the race, but keep an eye out for Chris as it is well known that he is great when the road goes up. He sent through this Jersey Pocket Stuff a few weeks ago when he was training outside of Auburn, California. Take a look at everything that a true Professional carries with him and wish him luck in the final stages of the USA Pro Cycling Championships.
Chris Jones' Ride:
Endurance Capital of the World (Auburn, CA.) to Hangtown (Placerville) returning via Georgetown. 130km, 2500m of climbing and 93F.
Jersey: UnitedHealthcare team issue summer jersey
Contents:
2- Almond butter & honey sandwiches Short stack of pancakes (left over from bfast) with homemade apricot jam
Bag of sunflower seeds (it is baseball season and I need the sodium)
Clif kid Z Bar
Bag of screen to re-apply with mid-ride
Bag of drink mix Headphones to listen to SF Giants game
Rapha + Paul Smith wallet
HTC phone
----
While you are at it pick up a copy of the newest Velo Magazine (formerly Velonews.) They have included a few selects of Jake Stangel's amazing photography from our take on The Challenge in their course preview guide. Then, if you are excited (which you should be) about seeing Jake's photos live and in person head over to the Rapha Cycle Club in San Francisco to see the images as they hang on the wall of the gallery space from now until September 28th.
>>IMAGE.
<|endofexample|>
?
Ride to Redemption
This year, the Rapha Cycle Club San Francisco has put together seven straight days of riding to help you complete the Festive 500. Starting this Friday, December 23rd — barreling straight through Christmas Day and then butting right up with the New Year — there will be seven straight chances for you the people of the San Francisco Bay Area to complete the Festive 500. To help make this easier we have partnered some amazingly qualified local cyclists to help lead out each day. Strava themselves will start things off, the Rapha Cycle Club will make it through Christmas Day* (with a ride at noon on the 25th) Mill Valley's Studio Velo will make two appearances before the fine folks from Mission Cycling will wrap up the riding on the 29th. Whether you are doing one day or attempting to complete the whole 500k, make sure you grab one of the Control Cards and collect the stamps at the end of each day. For those of you unable to make the rides in San Francisco do not miss out on the fun. Head over to Strava to sign up for the Festive 500 Challenge and start logging the k's.
December 23 with - Strava - 08:00am departure
December 24 with the Rapha Cycle Club - 08:30 departure
December 25 with Derrick Lewis of Rapha - 12 noon departure
December 26th with the Rapha Cycle Club - 08:30 departure
December 27th with Studio Velo Women - 08:30 departure
December 28th with Studio Velo - 08:30 departure
December 29th with Mission Cycling - 08:30 departure
*_Completely fill your stamp card to unlock a little something extra from the Rapha Cycle Club._
Nick DeNude
20th December 2011 12:01pm
San Francisco has all the fun, come back to NYC Rapha!
Clay Callaway
20th December 2011 04:43pm
I am in the Bay Area, but after recent PCL reconstruction surgery, I'm hoping for my own Festive 50 (yes, I dropped the last zero) on the trainer in the garage…
Eric Hunter
20th December 2011 09:17pm
Portland getting any love or am I on my own this year?
Tim Cox
21st December 2011 03:45pm
Excellent! Will def try to get up there for a few of these.
Julian Allen
22nd December 2011 06:46am
Wow, awesome organisation in SF. Might be worth jumping on a plane just to join in!
<|endofexample|>
Everyone on this board knows how big of a DeMar fan i am. But watching Ross play i think he has a chance to be really really good.
I mean, the guy is crazy athletic. He can shoot the ball, great 3pt shooter too. His ball skills is not bad for a rookie 2 guard. Obviously he needs to get bigger and stronger and improve his ball skills if he wants to be a great player.
I think it would depends on how much he wants it. It would depend on his work ethic. DeMar's work ethic from what i heard/read is crazy. Hardest working player on the team, first guy in the gym last one out, just a total gym rat. And he wants to be a great player.
If Ross can match that, i think he has a chance.
<|endofexample|>
For the second year in a row, The Global Journal's ranking of the TOP 100 Best NGOs in the world features Rare. 450 organizations were judged on impact, innovation and sustainability. Rare ranked #22 of all nonprofits, clutching the coveted #2 spot in the environmental category and #3 in the sustainability criteria.
<|endofexample|>
, rue Mi-les-Vignes
54521 Laxou Cedex, 61024 France
333-833-09334
333-833-00068
--
ela@ela-asso.com
The ELA is an association of motivated and informed parents and patients who share responsibilities within ELA and have united their efforts in order to fight leukodystrophies and myelin diseases. Their goals are to help and support families affected by leukodystrophy, stimulate research, and raise public awareness. ELA also forms part of an international network of information and research into myeline diseases. Leukodystrophy is a group of rare, genetic diseases that destroy the central nervous system. Significant impairment of physical and mental abilities is usually present in individuals with this disease. Other symptoms are specific to the type of leukodystro
<|endofexample|>
> Beer - Places > Shelf tags
Thanks For Your Understanding
Due to very heavy use of this feature, we've had to limit shelf tag creation to premium members only. You can purchase premium membership for your account at
the RateBeer Shop
.
If you are a Whole Foods Markets associate, please consult with your regional or national representatives to obtain your access.
Thank you for your interest in RateBeer shelf tags!
A sample of various ratebeer shelftags...
<|endofexample|>
We have 2878 recommended Loft Conversion Specialists near Greenwich
Post your job - for free
Up to three tradesmen will contact you
Up to three tradesmen will contact you
more thanOne Million Jobsposted
6 September 2012
Also specialises in carpentry & joinery, flooring, plastering & rendering and traditional crafts.
12 December 2011
Also specialises in windows & conservatories, bricklaying, metalwork and building.
21 September 2011
Also specialises in stone work & masonry, plastering & rendering, painting & decorating and gardening & garden design.
15 March 2010
Also specialises in handyman, gardening & garden design, plastering & rendering and carpentry & joinery.
23 January 2010
Also specialises in plastering & rendering, traditional crafts, building and windows & conservatories.
<|endofexample|>
Size: 30 1/2 (33 1/2, 37, 43, 46, 49 1/2)”
Yarn: (MC) Mist 019 - 8 (9, 11, 14, 15, 16) balls, (CC) 4 (4, 6, 7, 7, 8) balls
Gauge: 18 sts and 24 rows to 4”/10cm in Stst patt; 19 sts and 24 rows to 4”/10cm in Fair Isle patt over chart.
<|endofexample|>
© Tora Frøseth Design
© Tora Frøseth Design
© Tora Frøseth Design
© Tora Frøseth Design
Mind reader (Tankeleser)
This pattern is available for kr.35.00 NOK
buy it now
An asymmetrical hat for the man in your life. The hat can be worn with the cable pattern in front and back or on the sides. The decreases on top of the hat follows the cable pattern perfectly, giving the top a hypnotic spiral shape.:
<|endofexample|>
The Dark Knight Rises: Why I Am Bane and So Are You
Maybe it’s time we all stop trying to outsmart the truth and let it have its day. - Alfred Pennyworth from The Dark Knight Rises The most fascinating aspect of The Dark Knight Rises is the constant search for truth amidst countless lies. The truths explored throughout TDKR are spiritual truths, and these truths are surprisingly rooted in the Judeo-Christian tradition. They are the truths of immortality, res ...Read more ›
<|endofexample|>
Hey Renee!!
I'm so glad you got to meet Alissa!!!
These pictures are really awesome!!! and radiating with so much joy!
Lucky you!!! :)
Going over as soon as I can!!! Not far from me!!! Cant wait!
I am joyfully raw and "Lighting Up Your Life"
Please go to my blog and see what I am up to !!!
Thank you Renee!!!
What a great pic of you and Alissa!
LOVE all of your photos!
someliketoblog... occasionally ;)
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when I know there are footprints on the moon. ~Paul Brant
I told you I have you and Alissa as my wallpaper (background) on my computer!
I LOVE IT!
Makes my heart smile!
Last edited by Veganforlife; 11-24-2009 at 02:38 PM.
Originally Posted by anniez
Please let us know how long those things are keeping in your fridge! That's the one question I have about all of these recipes - how long can we keep them before they go bad? I know it's different for everything, but some guidelines would be great!
Well, most RAW meals with nuts can last from 3-4 days...up to about a week...(like Pate's...) What I did was, when I got home, I put most of what I brought in the Freezer and just put it in the Dehydrator a few hours before I wanted to eat them. That seemed to work well. Some things I kept out, though... but the Icecream, Cheese, and CheeseCakes were re-frozen easily. The Pizza's didn't even stand a chance in the Frig!!!!! LOL!!!! The Burgers I had 2 days later and they were SOOOO GOOODD!!! The only thing I wish was that all of the Sauces and Guac were placed on the side so that I could warm it up separately, but I'm happy with my whole package from Grezzo!!!
Originally Posted by Veganforlife
I told you I have you and Alissa as my wallpaper (background) on my computer!
I LOVE IT!
Makes my heart smile!
WOWWWW!!!! What a TREMENDOUS HONOR!!!! (blush, blush....) THANK YOU!!!! That is SO COOL!!!! Meeting ALISSA was one experience I'll never forget!!! As I told her, I'm DEFINITELY planning another trip to see her!!! I wanna bring my Hubby and Kids, who are STILL mad at me for not taking them!!! LOL!!!
==================
Ever Since I got back from meeting Alissa, I could NOT get her Flax Crackers off of my mind!!!! So, I MADE THEM the way that SHE makes them...SUPER THIN!!!!
AND HERE IT IS FROM THE SIDE:
AND, ***NOW*** I know What Alissa means when she says that the "goo" will hold it together!!! It's SO much better this WAY!!!! Thanks Alissa!!!
I also could NOT get Alissa's Pizza and her Eggplant Bacon Sandwich out of my mind!!! So, I made her Pizza Bread for them both:
It turned out SOOOO MUCH BETTER this time!!!! Just talking with her and the tips Alissa gave me for them made a HUGE difference!!!!
I also could not get her GRANOLA out of my head!!!! So, I also made the Granola in Alissa's book!!!
I must say, this SCARED me at first!!!!! It looks NOTHING like the one at Grezzo!!! The ingredients are very different... But, when it was done dehydrating, it's actually REALLLY GOOD!!! I wish that it was a bit sweeter, so next time I will add more fruit to it. The Granola that Lea made at Grezzo is 100X's BETTER, mind you... But, the one in Alissa's book holds it's own well!!! (I also added Raisons to mine...)
Alissa...please consider shipping the Granola too!!! I'd buy a TON of it!!!! (SMILE)
Last edited by ReneeH; 11-29-2009 at 07:43 PM.
Living on Live food INSTRUCTOR: Levels 1 & 2
See my RAW Journey: Alissa's 30 Day Plan
Site: Personal Chef Services (Houston Metro Area)
Rely on God, Breathe, Just Eat Raw
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
CONTACT ME: Veggies4ever@yahoo.com
Oh yeah baby! I love making my crackers thin...they are crunchier. I am so loving un-cooking right now. It's been over a year! Where I was renting I had all my "stuff" put away so the hardwood floors could be re-done. Then moving the HFS - way too busy, too tired to un-cook, then me moving. Now I'm loving this.
People laugh at me for taking pics of my Raw food goodnesses, but to me they are works of art.
Nature at it's finest!!!
Nee'? Keep posting those pics baby!!!
OOOHHHH, I forgot to mention what Alissa showed me about her Eggplant Bacon!!! Hers is SUPER THINNER than mine!!! And has 10X's the flavor!!! So, she said to use a Veggie Peeler instead of the Mandolin to peel the Eggplant!!!! She goes all around the Eggplant with the Peeler and it is marinated like that!!! I bought 2 of them and will have them dehydrated by the evening!!!!
Here's Alissa's Again:
JUST LOOKING AT IT, YOU CAN ***SEE*** THE FLAVOR IN IT!!! Believe me when I tell you, this is 'da BOMB!!!! :)
Last edited by ReneeH; 11-29-2009 at 07:44 PM.
mmmmmmm!!!!!!
Oh crap! I just drooled all over my keyboard!
Hate when that happens! LOL!!!
Wow, love the photo of you and Alissa. The food looks delish and you are one lucky gal to have met Alissa.
I am thinking of making a trip out to Boston one day.
"Natural forces within us are the true healers of disease. "
Hippocrates
Originally Posted by Veganforlife
mmmmmmm!!!!!!
Oh crap! I just drooled all over my keyboard!
Hate when that happens! LOL!!!
LOLLLL!!!! I just ****LOVE**** it when you do that!!!!
Originally Posted by Moretta
Wow, love the photo of you and Alissa. The food looks delish and you are one lucky gal to have met Alissa.
I am thinking of making a trip out to Boston one day.
Thank you! Yes, You MUST!!! I'm telling you, the food is out of this world, but meeting Alissa was such a pleasure!!! She made me feel right at home!!! She's such a sweet person and you can feel the warmth of the place just being there!!!
Hey, Renee, thanks for the tips! I think I need to make my crackers thinner! I'm going to try the eggplant bacon with a peeler, but not until I finish Alissa's book!
Great pics!
Annie
Originally Posted by anniez
Hey, Renee, thanks for the tips! I think I need to make my crackers thinner! I'm going to try the eggplant bacon with a peeler, but not until I finish Alissa's book!
Great pics!
Annie
I've ONLY made it with a peeler. Have have folks made it other ways?
VFL: I've always used my mandoline. Makes it pretty thin, but the peeler may be thinner.
Annie
Originally Posted by anniez
VFL: I've always used my mandoline. Makes it pretty thin, but the peeler may be thinner.
Annie
OH! That's too funny. I've always used the peeler...interesting!
I confess, I simply sliced my eggplant with my little veggie knife! I guess it was pretty thick....
You are not responsible for others reactions to you or assumptions about you. You are only responsible for your response to others.
Forum Rules
<|endofexample|>
Item: 0
$0.00
Make a statement on the field with a Rawlings baseball glove - made from the best leather and in a pattern that shows you are a serious player. We are where Gold Gloves begin. If you want to be the best, choose the best!Having trouble selecting the right glove? Rawlings Gear is here to help! Call (866)678-GEAR(4327) for assistance.
<|endofexample|>
Salafist Muslims tried to prevent the filming of current Internet craze the “Harlem Shake” at a Tunis school on Wednesday, but were driven off after coming to blows with students, an AFP correspondent said.
When the dozen or so ultra-conservative Muslims, some of them women in veils, showed up at the Bourguiba Language Institute in the El Khadra neighbourhood, a Salafist bastion, students shouted “Get out, get out!”
One of the Salafists, wearing military gear and carrying a Molotov cocktail he never used, shouted “Our brothers in Palestine are being killed by Israelis, and you are dancing.”
The Islamists eventually withdrew, and the students were able to film their production.
On Monday, Education Minister Abdellatif Abid said a probe had been ordered into.
<|endofexample|>
Britain in 2012 held on to its position as the world’s second biggest exporter of television programmes after the US on the back of hit dramas such as Downton Abbey and Call the Midwife, a report said on Thursday.
Talent shows such as the Dutch-originated The Voice, meanwhile, illustrated the continued huge popularity of reality television, according to the Television Year in the World report by audience researcher company Eurodata TV Worldwide.
Period drama Downton Abbey has been sold to over 100 countries with the third series attracting a record 8.2 million viewers on the US channel PBS (Public Broadcasting Service), it said.
Other programmes bolstering UK exports included the drama Mr Selfridge and detective series Midsomer Murders.
But despite the success of such programmes, the popularity of reality television continued to grow in 2012.
The format for The Voice was exported to 16 territories in 2012 from Vietnam to Turkey and Australia, compared to three in 2011.
The other most successful reality show formats were Got Talent, developed by British music mogul Simon Cowell, Strictly Come Dancing, originated in the UK and remade in the US as Dancing with the Stars, followed by Masterchef (UK).
<|endofexample|>
Can someone please tell me - in case I've missed it - what is the fascination with the Kardashians who have become almost a cottage industry? These girls have done nothing on their own to deserve all this attention, except that their father was part of the dream team who got off a jaded football player who had been accused of killing his wife. Kim is famous because of her big behind. What is so big about that, except her big bum, of course? In early South African history, the San (bushmen) were known for their stick-out bums, almost ostrich shaped. Is there some connection here? Please someone, give these girls a cause or something to do with their lives. They have only their looks to trade on and have the collective intelligence of a pea.
Sorry if I sound grumpy today. I can't get over my Rafa losing these past weeks. And I've just survived a three-plane nightmare yesterday. I was invited to an event in Nelspruit where my film Confessions of a Gambler was being shown, and there was a mess-up with my flights, a mess-up in the toilets where the floors were wet, the toilet was stinking, and there was not a scrap of toilet paper, and no seats on the toilets. How would you feel if you had to hold in your pee for six hours? And then the best part, when I finally arrived back at midnight at Cape Town airport, no one was there to fetch me. Lying in bed now trying to recover.
grumpy author
<|endofexample|>
In 2012, a brand new start of a year, do you consider getting married with the one you love? Watters puts a new series of wedding dresses onto the market, and the colours of this series of wedding dresses are turned into yellow and nude colours instead of single white. 2012 maybe a year that wedding dresses will have a big change. The advancing design of the wedding dresses or the colours of wedding gowns will be more and more abundent. The brides-to-be can make a consideration about your choice about their wedding dresses by the way.
Have a look at the picture enclosed above, this sweetheart wedding dress is special in its lace design. The lace covered the sweep of this wedding dress can make you very elegant and vintage. What`s more, if you are not very confident about the body shape of yourself, the empire design of this dress can also make you slender than usual. At the same time, the organza veil also makes the bride more gentle and glamorous.
Compared with the ordinary white wedding dress, this nude colour wedding dress will be more popular among young brides-to-be. There is a distinct comparation between the upper half and the bottom half, that is the upper half is tight and the bottom half is loose and comfortable in comparation. And the details of the train is really beautiful and attractive.
With the gorgeous wedding dresses, are you interested in the changes of them and do you want to wear them at your own wedding ceremony?
<|endofexample|>
RBC.com | Français | Contact Us | Site Map | Sign In
Skip Breadcrumb Links
RBC Direct Investing > Practice Accounts
Imagine if you could use the RBC Direct Investing site to experience real investing–without using real money. A Practice Account makes it possible!
Practice Accounts are not a demo version–they are integrated into our actual online investing site. You can experience investing using the same order entry screens available for actual trades, except that you risk nothing and you can start over at any time.
Frequently Asked Questions
Enjoy the satisfaction of taking control of your investments with the backing of RBC's extensive network – solutions for all of your financial needs.
<|endofexample|>
An insurance company that wrote a policy on the life of alleged Ponzi schemer Ashvin Zaveri--now deceased--is asking courts to sort out who should get what share of the policy’s $3 million-plus-interest payout.
The William Penn Life Insurance Co. of New York filed an interpledar action May 23 in the U.S. District Court in Rochester asking that Zaveri heirs and other named beneficiaries be barred from collecting payoffs until courts sort out their conflicting claims to assets in Zaveri’s estate.
Interpledars are lawsuits in which parties holding assets belonging to others ask a court to compel claimants to such assets to litigate among themselves to determine who should get what share.
Federal prosecutors criminally charged Zaveri, who ran a Monroe County investment firm, in 2009, alleging in a six-count indictment that high-return shares in supposed oil-and-gas leases Zaveri sold were a $35 million Ponzi scheme.
Prosecutors dropped the criminal case before it was tried, asking for it to be dismissed some four months after Zaveri committed suicide last year.
Since then, victims of the alleged Ponzi scheme, Zaveri’s heirs and the federal government have vied to claim some or all of an estimated $12 million estate, most of which consists of proceeds from several life insurance policies including the William Penn policy.
Competing claims to part or all of the Zaveri estate are filed in state Supreme court, Surrogate Court and federal court.
The William Penn interpledar names 10 individuals, including Zaveri’s widow, who have stated claims to part of the $3 million policy’s payout.
“William Penn is indifferent and disinterested as to which of the defendants is entitled to proceeds of the policy… (and is) unable to safely determine which of the defendants is entitled to that amount. As a result of these adverse claims, William Penn is or may exposed to multiple liability,” the insurance company’s court filing states.
In addition to being excused from any liability in any payout it might make, the insurance company asks to be repaid for its costs in filing the interpledar.
(c) 2011 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or e-mail service@rbj.net.
Insurance firm asks court to sort Zaveri claims
An insurance company that wrote a policy on the life of alleged Ponzi schemer Ashvin Zaveri--now deceased--is asking courts to sort out who should get what share of the policy’s $3 million-plus-interest payout.
<|endofexample|>
A Different Life
View video
Career timeline for psychiatry
View video
CPD
Visit CPD
'Get well soon' cards
See 'Get well soon' cards
Leaflets
Go to Expert Advice
Embargoed until 24 November 2011
A report into the care received by patients with anxiety and
depression across more than 350 NHS-funded psychological therapy
services in England and Wales has revealed good overall standards
of care, but substantial variation in quality.
The
National Audit of Psychological Therapies (NAPT) –. 15% of the services that
submitted data for the retrospective audit did not have any
patients with a pre and post score for at least one outcome
measure.
The audit report urges all psychological
therapy services to routinely collect information about what
response people make to the treatment they are given.
The audit found that services are generally
good at providing evidence-based psychological treatments recommend
by the National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE).
Some 83% of patients with a diagnosis for which there is a NICE
guideline were given the recommended therapy for their condition. – patient feedback
indicates that long waits can have a negative impact on a person’s
mental health.
The report also identified concerns about the
number of sessions being offered to some patients. At a service
level, 56% of patients either received the recommended minimum
number of sessions or recovered. Lead for the National Audit of
Psychological Therapies said: ."
The audit is managed by the Royal College of Psychiatrists’ Centre for Quality Improvement, working in close partnership with professional and service user representatives including:.
<|endofexample|>
Richard Childress Racing
Recent News
April 15, 2012
Kevin Harvick and the No. 29 Budweiser Team Earn Top-10 Finish in the Lone Star State
"This is better than I've been (at Texas) lately, so we'll take that and work on what we need to improve for next time."
Start – 15
Finish – 9
Laps Led – 0
Points Position – 5
Kevin Harvick and the No. 29 Budweiser Chevrolet team took home a ninth-place finish in Saturday night’s Samsung Mobile 500 at Texas Motor Speedway. Harvick started the race from the 15th position and quickly drove into the top 10. The Bakersfield, Calif., native drove as high as second until the caution flag waved and the team pitted at lap 68. Trouble with a lug nut slowed the Shane Wilson-led team’s pit stop and cost Harvick seven spots. While driving in traffic, Harvick was faced with a tight-handling car. Following a lap-96 caution, the field restarted at lap 100 and the remainder of the race ran under green-flag conditions, setting a race record for fewest cautions (two) and caution laps (10). The No. 29 Budweiser Chevrolet developed a loose-handling condition in the second half of the race and the team continued to make adjustments on each trip to pit road to alleviate the problem. Wilson reported to Harvick they were a couple laps shy of the finish on fuel and that he needed to save fuel. Harvick’s fuel savings paid off as the car ran out of gas just after he took the checkered flag in the ninth position. Harvick now sits fifth in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver championship point standings.
KEVIN HARVICK QUOTE:
) three. All in all, this is better than I’ve been (at Texas) lately, so we’ll take that and work on what we need to improve for next time.”
<|endofexample|>
quote:ORIGINAL: gringopete Send the muffler back to us and we will send you a new one.
Hey guysI wasn't trying to be insulting about the engine or the dealer. I wanted the wrap around pitts muffler and this one didn't fit right. Maybe someone put a wrong muffler in a wrong package.The man did say send it back and he would send me another. I was just looking for a fix. At any rate I will be buying more products from this dealer. In another thread someone made a remark (I was in the planning stage of buying this engine) "You get what you pay for" Well I have not read anything bad about this particular engine so I chose it.I plan to as I said to post an update on the outcome in a new thread. I thought when someone has a problem like this, It would be good to post about it. That way everyone knows about the problem and any resolutions.To me it's as important to know about when there is a problem and to know when and if there's a resolution.
<|endofexample|>
©2005 R&D Computer Solutions
If you are currently looking for a web designer or web hosting, e-mail us at
rdcss@rdcss.com
or call us at 256-575-0041. We will be happy to discuss your needs.
Our webhosting plans are available here.
We have seen web site designers who charge $500 or more for a simple site. It is possible to spend that much, but you don't have to! You can establish a web presence for under $500. Over time, as your web site proves itself, you can add to it. We charge $55 an hour to create a custom site for you. Our web sites typically start at approximately $175 for a basic site. That price does not include web hosting, domain name registration, or scripts. Example of a basic site with custom graphics:
bigcscottsboro.com
Below we discuss some of the services we offer. If you don't see exactly what you are looking for, ask. If we can't do it, we can subcontract with a well-qualified developer who has the appropriate skills.
Because all our web sites are custom designed, it is not possible to give you a firm price prior to discussing your needs. We can give you some general guidelines based on our experience. We will give you a solid estimate once we have met (physically or via e-mail and telephone) to discuss your specific needs. If we develop your site for less than our estimate, of course we will not charge you the full estimated price; we charge only for work actually performed.
Our fees are based on $55.00 per hour. Our initial consultation with you is free. This consultation helps you determine if we are the right developers for you and helps us develop a detailed estimate for your site based on your needs.
We offer the following services:
Web Hosting
Domain Name Registration
Web Design
Web Maintenance
Web Repair
Scripts
Web Graphics
Proof Reading and Text Preparation
Web Promotion
Web Consulting
Web Hosting
Web hosting is what a server does when it stores your website files and links them to your domain name. When someone wants to see your website, it will send the files to them. This allows them to see your website in their browser.
Web hosting can include web pages, blogs, pictures, and other forms of presenting your ideas.
Our webhosting plans are available here.
Back to List
Domain Name Registration
This is where you purchase the name or wording you want people to use to access your web pages. People will type in your domain name (example) and it will be linked to a website. A domain name has to be renewed. If you buy it for one year then at the end of the year you will have to renew it. It can be purchased for more than one year at a time.
The company you purchase it from is called a Registar. To move it from one Registar to another Registar is called a Transfer.
We can help you with this process. Please contact us about this if you would like us to help you.
Back to List
Web Design
There are thousands of 'Template Web Sites' on the web. To stand out from the crowd, your web site must tell your unique story in your unique way. All our web sites are personally crafted to reflect your business and your needs.
Navigation is important. We seek to arrange your site so it is easy for your visitors to find their way around without getting confused.
A good web site will load quickly. We try for less than eight seconds download time per page. Zona Research shows that eight seconds is, on average, as long as viewers will wait before clicking away to a different web site. The main page should load almost instantaneously and tell the viewer what he or she can expect to find on the rest of the site. Many viewers are willing to wait as long as fifteen or twenty seconds if they are warned ahead of time, and if they know what they are waiting for.
Some people prefer to start small, with a minimal cash investment. Your Internet Service Provider probably offers free web space on their server. With this free service, you do not enjoy your own domain name, but it may be an appropriate way for you to 'get your feet wet'. We can set up a small site in your personal free space if you would like to start small.
If you already have a site on another server, or if you would prefer a different server, we do work with other providers.
Back to List
Web Maintenance
Once established, a web site should be maintained on a regular basis. Fresh content keeps visitors coming back. Any links to outside web pages should be checked periodically. Your business may grow or change direction, and your web site should reflect those changes. We will work with you to develop a web maintenance policy that reflects your needs.
We charge hourly for this service. Some types of sites require frequent updates, others don't. One month you may need major changes, another month you may require few, if any changes. You should not be charged for work we are not doing. By the same token, we should be compensated for time we do spend on your site.
Back to List
Web Repair
If your site has become outdated and needs a complete, or partial, overhaul, we will work with you to design new pages to replace your old site. Our fee structure is the same as for new development. We charge only for work actually performed, so if your old site is structurally sound, your costs should be less than for a new site.
Back to List
Scripts
Scripts are lines of code written to do something for a website customer, like a form that will take information and send it to you, or a shopping cart, or a back end that allows you to login and change certain content. Scripts can be used for many things. If you need something special, please let us know.
Back to List
Web Graphics
We have scanners and graphics software. If you already have an established business identity, or if you have specific graphics you would like to use, we can scan photographs and line art. We can also capture pictures off videotape. If you do not have a "business identity", or if you would like to re-define your image, we would be happy to work with you to develop an image appropriate to your business and your needs. We create custom graphics tailored to your needs and desires.
Back to List
Proofreading and Text Preparation
In general we would prefer that you write the text that you want to represent you and your business on the web. If you can provide the text in electronic format that we can read, it will save us time and you money. We will proofread and recommend changes where necessary. We will require that you approve any changes beyond simple typos. We are not experts in your field, and could introduce a technical error by fixing a grammatical one.
Back to List
Promotion
Once we have completed a site and it is ready to be made public, it must be promoted in some way. Our development efforts include Meta Tags to help Search Engine Robots find your pages and accurately represent them in their listing. We will submit your completed site to the top general Search Engines and Indexers.
Back to List
Web Consulting
If you already have a web site, or if you choose to create your own, we will review your web site and provide written suggestions and recommendations. We review both the appearance and the coding. Consulting fees start at $110 and are based on the same $55 per hour charges as for our other web work. Charges beyond $110 are only incurred after the first two hours of review time. For many sites, the first two hours are likely to be the most productive. An exhaustive review of each page in a large web site is likely to simply reiterate points already covered in the main pages of the site. If desired, we will also suggest appropriate search engines to register with.
Back to List
We are webmaster for several sites now. You can see a list with links to them
here
.
Call today! Cell: 256-520-7327
Phone: 256-575-0041
or
<|endofexample|>
Where to find out what's really good..
Each of the Crogan graphic novels opens with a framing scene set in the present day, as Dr. Crogan and his wife deal with their energetic sons, Eric and Cory. Inevitably a story is told by Dr. Crogan about one of their ancestors, and from there we dip into the past. This time we get a story about two Crogans, Charles and William Crogan who fought on opposing sides of the Revolutionary War. And as we learn about the bonds of brotherhood and country, it rapidly becomes a story where it’s clear that it’s not ever easy to put one of the two ahead of the other.
In the hands of another creator, I think this basic thrust for Crogan’s Loyalty could come across as extremely cheesy. Fortunately, that’s not the case with Schweizer. With Crogan’s Loyalty, Schweizer side-steps that potential pitfall by giving us a strong look into both of the Crogan brothers’ heads and their loyalties, both to country and one another. In the opening framing sequence, Dr. Crogan quickly establishes that there isn’t a simple "one is good, one is bad" divide between the two, but rather a case where two people each fought for what they felt was right. It’s an important distinction to be made right at the start, because it sets Crogan’s Loyalty off on the right foot with the reader. Schweizer never makes Charles or William’s side of the war automatically the better one, something that succeeds in part because none of this is set during any major battles or events. It’s a small-scale story, where the relationship between the two brothers as well as with William’s love for local farmer Bess are what’s at stake.
Early in the book, we get a good look at the two brothers interacting in a friendly manner. It’s one of my favorite parts of Crogan’s Loyalty, as they finish each other’s sentences, trade stories about favorite memories, and generally laugh and have a good time. The sequence comes across extremely natural and not forced; you genuinely get the feeling that these two characters know and love one another, even as they continue to hold ideological differences. That’s something that certainly exists in families today, and I suspect a lot of readers will be able to see people they know reflected in the faces of Charles and William Crogan. When the balance of power begins to shift back and forth between the two—and that shift is important because it lets us see how each would act when they have they upper hand—we’re still able to remember that friendly rapport between the two and keep that in mind even as things begin to go south. I have a suspicion that most people will ultimately have a favorite Crogan between the two brothers by the end of Crogan’s Loyalty, but I appreciate that Schweizer never forces that decision on us through a narrative proclamation; at no point are we point-blank told whom we should cheer for.
It also doesn’t hurt that Crogan’s Loyalty is beautifully drawn from start to the finish. Unlike the earlier volumes, set on sailing ships or in either the desert or underground, here Schweizer’s story is deep in the wilderness, and that means a series of lush locations for him to draw. As a result we get tons of trees, rocks, streams, and even a climactic scene at a small waterfall. And sure, it’s a tiny bit of a cliche to have a fight over a waterfall, but it looks so great that it’s hard to complain (and it fits with the overall story).
More importantly, the art of Crogan’s Loyalty is about more than just the backgrounds. I like how Schweizer draws his characters; wide-eyed and open-faced, it’s a good thing that none of them are professional poker players because what we see is what we get. It’s an attractive look, and it lends itself to a lot of smooth motion across the page; everything from raising a rifle to hurling an axe comes across like we’re seeing it actually animated instead of as a static image. Schweizer also does a good job of blocking his panels and pages to draw the eye to just the right moments; when the brothers are suddenly, attacked, for instance, the Indian is cast in shadow so that he’s almost a force moving towards them. You see the Indian, then you see the brothers and the "Look out!" word balloon that he’s hurtling towards. There’s no way for the Indian to blend into the background here, grabbing your attention instantly.
Crogan’s Loyalty is another strong addition to the Crogan’s Adventures books. I love that each one stands on its own—you can absolutely read them in any order—and that Schweizer has once again given his book just the right pacing. After the deliberately abrupt ending of the main story for Crogan’s March (which was great but also cruel), long time readers will probably be a little happier with how Schweizer ends Crogan’s Loyalty; it ends at just the right moment, with a bit of epilogue told in the present day. Even better, I think the framing structure for present day sequence is at its best in this book; it’s got a lot more emotional heft than the previous two, and once again, Schweizer concludes that story at just the right moment. Crogan’s Loyalty is another winner from Schweizer. My only complaint is that when each book ends, it makes me want to read the next one right away. Crogan’s Loyalty is a charmer, through and through.
<|endofexample|>
Farm Tour
Locovores are invited to Meet Yer Eats at the 3rd annual Farm Tour. Gather your friends, fill a car, and chart a course to visit four or five of the 19 host farms participating in this year's event. You can meet the folks who grow your food, tour their gardens, sample some of their treats, and purchase the freshest produce, eggs, meat, cheese, plants and other farm products. The tour is held rain or shine, so dress for the weather and wear sturdy, close-toed shoes, hat, and sunscreen. Bring a cooler to keep those purchases fresh, and pack a picnic to fully enjoy a day in the country. Reservations are required. For more information and late-breaking news check out Market Central. 531-3957.
Visit the website for details and tickets:, or stop by the Market Central booth at the City Market on Saturday mornings.
<|endofexample|>
=$1.5 million: Razor wire widow sues City, RTF
NEWS- $1.5 million: Razor wire widow sues City, RTF
Months after razor-wiring widow Shirley Presley avoided a misdemeanor conviction in Charlottesville District Court, she has filed a $1.5 million civil suit in U.S. District Court against the City of Charlottesville and the nonprofit Rivanna Trails Foundation.
In her Valentine's Day filing, Presley claims, among other things, that she was deprived of due process and that both the City and the Foundation conspired to cause people to trespass on her land. Her attorney, Debbie Wyatt, says Presley is simply trying to recover from the trauma of the last three years during which hikers and bikers crossed her property on their way along the Rivanna River, leaving trash, vandalizing her property, and occasionally pitching tents.
"The biggest thing is that she has a right to her property," says Wyatt, who took over the case from Presley's former attorney, Fred Payne.
The City's attorney, Alvaro Inigo, and the Foundation's Richmond-based counsel, Stanley Wellman, did not immediately return the Hook's calls, but Jerry Tomlin, the City's top building inspector, says he believes Presley's razor wire, which remained on her property as of mid-April, is still illegal.
"Hopefully, the federal judge will see the real case here," says Tomlin, "that razor wire is illegal."
Presley's problems began in 2001 after her husband died following a lengthy battle with Alzheimer's disease. Newly widowed, the nearly 70-year-old Presley soon became fearful when she noticed people crossing the lower portion of her .73-acre Bland Circle property on foot. She became angry when she realized the people were crossing because her land had been included on the Rivanna Trail Foundation map, directing hikers and bikers on a continuous 20-mile loop around the City.
Unlike other City residents who have granted easements to the nonprofit Foundation, neither Presley nor any of her Bland Circle neighbors had been asked permission.
"It was an oversight," said [a Foundation official] when Presley objected and piled brush across her land. The Foundation posted a detour on the trail and reprinted their map sans Presley's property, but, Presley claimed, the trespassing continued.
Indeed, when the Hook began covering the saga in July 2002, a reporter came upon a hiker dismantling Presley's brush pile.
"I'm from California," shouted the angry hiker, throwing brush from the trail, "and we believe in freedom." Such incidents helped Presley earn free legal services from her attorneys and made her something of a property rights hero for fighting the government to protect her land from trespassers.
When Presley realized her brush pile was an ineffective deterrent, she soon chose something a bit more menacing: razor wire, installing two 30-foot, coiling stretches of it just two-feet off the ground– eye level for many domestic pets, and chest level for small children. In fact, in two separate incidents, a dog and an admittedly trespassing jogger have been slashed in the barrier.
The City issued a citation in 2003, but because of the way the code was written, Presley was allowed six months to remove the illegal obstruction. In [April] 2004 with the razor wire still in place, and now landscaped with azaleas bushes the City issued a new warning, giving her 10 days to remove the wire. Presley declined, and the City took her to court for violating a new City law prohibiting razor wire on residential property, a class one misdemeanor.
Presley returned fire, attacking the City for passing the new law and subpoenaing 13 witnesses, including Tomlin, City manager Gary O'Connell, police chief Tim Longo, and this reporter.
On October 29, Judge Bob Downer in Charlottesville District Court didn't see things as the City had hoped. Because the new section of the City Code specifies that razor wire must "enclose or partially enclose" the property, Downer dismissed the charge.
In their response to Presley's federal lawsuit, the City and Foundation deny "malicious prosecution" and urge the court to dismiss the case by attacking the notion that they could conspire "to cause others to trespass." They also say the statute of limitations has expired in Presley's claim and that the City enjoys sovereign immunity from such suits.
Wyatt says no hearing has been scheduled, but she believes a federal judge could issue a ruling at a summary judgment hearing before a trial.
Tomlin maintains his hope that the judge will rule against Presley.
"I don't have a problem with her protecting her property," he says. "But a sign should be sufficient. She doesn't have to use something to endanger animals."
Shirley Presley becomes a suit-or with a Valentine's Day lawsuit against the City.
FILE PHOTO BY JEN FARIELLO
#
* In our print version of the story above, we misattributed the "oversight" quotation to a certain Foundation official who was not, in fact, the official who gave that comment to the Hook. The story above has been corrected including our mistake on the month that the City cited Presley under its new razor wire law, also corrected above in this online edition–editor.
<|endofexample|>
Roxy Palace has slot tournaments 24 hours a day with guaranteed freerolls and free buy-ins. There's a huge variety of types of tourneys to enjoy. Sign up now, join the fun and win some cash!
LAS VEGAS, NV -- V Bar Ultra Lounge located at the Venetian Resort Hotel Casino on the Las Vegas Strip announced today it will offer three new exciting weekly nightclub events; Willing Wednesdays,
Open Spin Thursdays and Evolucion Sundays.
Willing Wednesdays is presented by NetworkingVegas and offers party-goers the opportunity to mingle with ladies from Spearmint Rhino to the sounds of Freddie B, one of the regions most talented VJs and a guest VJ on MTV's TRL. Willing Wednesdays starts each week at 10pm.
Open Spin Thursdays features resident VJ/DJ Andrew B and select guest DJs each Thursday. On the first Thursday of each week Andrew B hosts an “Open Spin” where V Bar takes all comers for their “spin” at the turntables. DJs looking for a place to show off their skills need only to email Andrew B at andrewbeezwax@aol.com. Thursday nights event starts each week at 10pm.
Evolucion Sundays is the latest extension of the Latin Late Nights offered at ARK Vegas venues. (Current versions play each weekend at Yolos Mexican Grill at Planet Hollywood and Gonzalez Y Gonzalez at New York-New York Hotel & Casino). Starting at 10pm each Sunday, DJs from MAS Entertainment will spin Pop, Rock en Espanol, Electronica and more Latin favorites.
ReadyBetGo! is an independent gambling news and information service. If you plan to play in casinos, ensure
that you are not breaking any local laws. It's up to you to know the legality of your actions when you gamble.
<|endofexample|>
Wales, United Kingdom Vacations - Travel guide to Wales, United Kingdom accommodations and vacation packages. Visit Wales, United Kingdom for getaways and adventure travel. Plan your Wales, United Kingdom vacation today.
Llanwrtyd Wells, United Kingdom Bed & Breakfasts -.
West Molesey, Surrey, United Kingdom Hiking & Trekking - Single and multi activity adventure days and short breaks in North Wales with accommodation for social groups, companies and families.
Powys, United Kingdom Bed & Breakfasts -.
Mid Wales, Powys, United Kingdom Bed & Breakfasts - Stay at New Hall, a 4*, licensed Bed and Breakfast in the Secret Heart of Wales. Formerly a church meeting hall ,we have 4 rooms all fully ensuite, a guest lounge, dining room and exceptional food .Walking, Biking, Pony Trekking, Bog Snorkelling!!!! .
South & West Wales, United Kingdom Hiking & Trekking - We provide walking and skiing holidays throughout Europe, and further afield to Peru and Hong Kong.
Cardiff, United Kingdom Bed & Breakfasts - Small friendly B&B in the centre of the city of Cardiff 300 yards from the castle and overlooking the river. Bus and train station 10-minute walk along the riverbank. All central attractions within a few minutes walk.
<|endofexample|>
United States, Wyoming Dude Ranch - Wyoming Active: Dude Ranch
United States, Wyoming Museums - Wyoming Attraction: Museums
Riverton, Wyoming Hotels & Resorts - We are a simple very clean Ma and Pa style motel. Our rates are great for the traveler or the worker who may stay awhile. We have a restrauant and Bar next store to us. Walking distance to grocery store. On site Landry Room
Dubois, Wyoming Artisan & Trade Workshops - Arts & Conference Center.
United States, Wyoming Bed & Breakfasts - Wyoming Accommodation: Bed & Breakfasts
United States, Wyoming Hotels & Resorts - Wyoming Accommodation: Hotels & Resorts
United States, Wyoming Campgrounds & RV Parks - Wyoming Accommodation: Campgrounds/RV Parks
United States, Wyoming Campgrounds & RV Parks - Wyoming Accommodation: Campgrounds/RV Parks
United States, Wyoming Campgrounds & RV Parks - Wyoming Accommodation: Campgrounds/RV Parks
<|endofexample|>
