Topics
View All
Geography
View All
Content Type
View All
Trending:
Research Activities
General Information
Series: State of Metropolitan America
|
Number 61 of 62
|
Jill H. Wilson, Audrey Singer, Nicole Prchal Svajlenka and Neil Ruiz |
January 30, 2013 12:15pm
Editor..
See our immigration resources page for more key topics and relevant research and commentary.
Jill H. Wilson
Senior Research Analyst and Associate Fellow, Metropolitan Policy Program
Audrey Singer
Senior Fellow, Metropolitan Policy Program >
Nicole Prchal Svajlenka
Senior Research Assistant, Metropolitan Policy Program
Neil Ruiz
Senior Policy Analyst and Associate Fellow, Metropolitan Policy Program
More from
State of Metropolitan America
Series
A Modest Population Bounce Back for the Sun Belt and the Nation
Economic Improvement Nudges U.S. Migration to Normal
Receive alerts on new Brookings research and events about metropolitan areas.
Blog Post
July 6, 2010,
Audrey Singer and Jill Wilson
February 22, 2013,
Audrey Singer
May 10, 2011,
Audrey Singer
May 11, 2011,
Audrey Singer
June 18, 2012,
Audrey Singer
May 14, 2010,
Audrey Singer and José Tessada
Opinion
March 19, 2010,
Audrey Singer
Paper
September 20, 2012,
Audrey Singer
April 17, 2013,
Audrey Singer
December 2, 2011,
Neil Ruiz and Audrey Singer
May 19, 2010,
Audrey Singer
September 2, 2010,
Audrey Singer
Past Event
<|endofexample|>
The goal is to transform the underpass into an “inviting gateway” linking Pier 6 of Brooklyn Bridge Park and the shops on Atlantic Avenue. Over the years, the underpass has become an eyesore, dissuading pedestrian use.
In a statement released by the Atlantic Avenue BID the need for this beautification was made known. “The park is a destination but going there requires visitors to traverse a dirty and unpleasant underpass,” read a statement from the Atlantic Avenue BID. “This grant will facilitate a much better connection between Atlantic Avenue's diverse mix of retail and this distinctive park.”
With the help of New York City's Department of Small Business Services and Deputy Mayor Robert Steele, Atlantic Avenue BID was granted the $75,000 in seed money to get the project rolling. However, Josef Szende, executive director of the BID, said that the money is significant but not enough for the whole project.
Szende said that he was hopeful the rest of the funding could come from Councilman Steve Levin's participatory budgeting process. Under this program, community members nominate specific projects they think deserve $1 million in discretionary funding.
The BID is wasting little time, as they are already working to put together a proposal that includes lighting, way-finding signs, artwork and interactive experiences. While these plans are a blueprint, Szende said that nothing is set in stone yet because the BID will continue to seek public approval for all aspects of the project.
Helping the BID will be the Design Trust for Public Space, which will manage a participatory design process that will arrive at a “ready-to-build” design by the end of 2013.
“The project will be a game changer for Atlantic Avenue, sparking interest to walk all the way down the avenue and connect all of our destination shopping and dining with this destination park,” said Szende.
“It is also a quality of life issue for us,” said one resident of Brooklyn Bridge Park Condominiums, “the local residents who currently walk through a disgusting corridor to move back and forth between a fantastic waterfront park and an energetic and developing commercial area.”
<|endofexample|>
Film – 9Thursday, 3rd December, 2009 | 2 Comments »
This visually stunning animated movie runs with the post-apocalyptic cliché of man-overrun-by-machines. After a war that ends all biological life all that’s left is a handful of numbered, sentient rag-dolls and a brutal prowling villain. We follow the titular character 9 on his adventure to the film’s unsatisfactory conclusion.
9
Director Shane Acker
Starring Christopher Plummer, Elijah Wood, Jennifer Connelly
In the most literal sense, Shane Acker’s 9 is worth seeing. Beautifully animated, the film never lacks in the eye-candy department, stunning us with its gorgeous visuals throughout. And while at times it comes off as intelligent and emotionally honest, this after-the-Armageddon study of human nature quickly collapses under its own garbled ideas and rushed ending.
Running with the post-apocalyptic cliché of man-overrun-by-machines (those bloody machines…), after a war that ends all biological life, all that’s left is a handful of numbered, sentient rag-dolls and a brutal prowling villain. We follow the titular character (Wood) as he falls into being and turns out to be a rebel hellbent on seeking truth and adventure. While his fellow, uh, countrydolls would prefer the secure sanctuary of a beautifully-rendered cathedral, 9 risks their existence to find very meaning behind it.
Developed from an animated short, the original spin on a cliché undoubtedly made for a great mini-movie. But in its expanded form, 9 picks up some rot that fades its solid story and cohesive message out of transmission. Through its end-of-the-world fog and charred-everything smog, the tone changes so often that we’re unsure as to whether we’re watching the philosophical explorations of an adult sci-fi feature, or the basic black-and-white themes of an animated kids flick.
On the one hand, we have the clear-cut dolls: lovable and hateable, the characters are a joy to watch, dividing that line between believably wholesome and suitably sinister. On the other, it’s when the reason behind their simplistic nature is revealed (in the film’s only master stroke) that things take a turn for the PG-13-worse – the smattering of death involved is dealt with in such a frank and brutal manner that if Acker had made a decision either way, it would be all the better for it.
But if confusion was already riding high, it all comes crashing to a complete letdown in its rushed, all-singing, all-dancing ending. With an equal measure of mixed ideology and lack of explanation, the conclusion comes off more like a tacked-on video-game cinematic than anything the film had resembled for the past 75 minutes. You left wondering what exactly you’ve watched: every scene looked amazing and the story was so full of promise, but there’s a hole in its soul that leaves a nagging sense of disappointment.
Cool review. I plan to see this definitely. Would look better on the big screen *hint*
Ah shame, it looked so full of promise but I may give this one a miss (at the cinema anyways, could still be an option for rainy day film, complete with duvet and a hot cuppa)
<|endofexample|>
Jim Stork has become the face of Broward's gay community. But is he ready for Capitol Hill?
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
Rush, Naugle, Loria... and, hey, what's going on in the criminal justice system?
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
, O418BLK
$33.99
Color: Black
Length: 9
Material: Polymer
Style: 2-Piece
View Dream Gun
Mfr Part: MAG440BLK
$28.99
Length: 7
Style: 2-Piece, Carbine
Mfr Part: MAG440ODG
Color: O.D. Green
View All Dream Guns
Mfr Part: MAG440FOL
Color: Foliage Green
Mfr Part: MAG440FDE
$28.90
Color: Dark Earth
Mfr Part: MAG419BLK
$39.99
Length: 12
Mfr Part: MAG418FDE
Mfr Part: MAG418ODG
Mfr Part: MAG418FOL
Mfr Part: MAG419FDE
Mfr Part: MAG419ODG
Mfr Part: MAG419FOL
Mfr Part: MAG440PNK
Color: Pink.
WHITE OAK ARMAMENT
$264.99 - $269.99
TTI INTL
$2.99
MAGPUL
$56.95
$5.99 - $8.99
<|endofexample|>
The insulating advantages of wool in cold, wet weather are well known. For time-proven performance combined with today’s technology, look to Browning’s new Highlands II wool. Highlands II offers additional versatility by taking a wool blend and adding a soft tricot lining for extra warmth and comfort, without the itch usually associated with wool. These versatile products are also machine washable. For 2010, an 11 oz. wool blend makes up the parka and bib, offering the same rugged performance in cold weather. The shirt and pant feature lighter weight 7 oz. wool blend to increase their versatility in warmer temperatures and as layering pieces. There is no substitute for the performance of Highlands II wool.
Highlands II and the RMEF.
Elk hunters know what it takes to track down and harvest a big bull. It takes scouting, planning, solid gear and a little luck. Of course, it also takes the help of the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation. Thanks to the efforts of the RMEF, millions of acres of elk habitat remain viable to sustain these magnificent creatures. As a non-profit organization, the RMEF relies on donations for operation, and Browning is proud to be counted among the companies that support their cause. With each RMEF version of Highlands II wool sold, Browning proudly donates a portion of the proceeds to the RMEF and the mission of supporting the majestic elk.
<|endofexample|>
Product Description
Moreno is an impressive dining range combining solid oak with brushed stainless steel creating a stunning collection. This contemporary dining table is one of the latest Manilva designs and is sure to be popular with anyone looking for an unusual modern dining table. Also in the Moreno collection are a matching coffee table and lamp table is the same contemporary style. Images show Moreno Dining Table, Dining Chairs and also a close-up showing the dining table top. Rochelle Leather Dining chairs are made in oak and are fully sprung in a choice of cream, black or brown,
Reviews
There are no reviews yet, would you like to submit yours?
<|endofexample|>
Thanks for stopping by my place on the web.
If you accidentally stopped here, I am a humorist, motivational speaker and author who also happens to be an undertaker. The undertaker thing has been going on pretty much all my life. The humorist and motivational speaker thing has been going on for the last fifteen years or so. My goodness I have been in front of a lot of folks the last fifteen years.
In 2005, I wrote and released a book entitled, “View from a Hearse – Lighten Up!” If you haven’t read it, I am confident it will make you laugh and maybe even think a little. You can click on the link and find out more about it and even order one or two if you want. You will also find information about ordering a recording of one of my presentations.
My latest book, “The Legacy of Eulan Brown,” was just released and is ready for shipment. You can read more about it and even read some of the comments people are making about the it. Click on the link to place your order. I believe you will enjoy my stories and will be inspired to live a little differently.
<|endofexample|>
newsletter sign-up
Stay up-to-date with all things Brume, including new product releases and special offers. Pop your email address in the box below and click go, we'll do the rest!
decorative wall stickers
Change your living space into somewhere both stylish and playful by transforming plain painted walls with decorative stickers from Brume.
<|endofexample|>
Your browser does not support ifram..
The Brunswick Beacon is your source for local news, sports, events and information in Brunswick County, North Carolina and surrounding areas.
<|endofexample|>
BSAC Professional Underwater Videographer Course:
Broaden your diving horizons and learn how to capture the amazing underwater world on film! Oceans Below who is a BSAC Underwater Videography Centre offers a 2 week Pro BSAC Underwater Videography course, plus a 2 week internship in either student filming or documentary filming.
The Pro Underwater Videography course is unlike any other in the world whereas by completing the course you are awarded a recognized BSAC Pro Certification card.
The course mainly consists of 12 dives where you will be equipped with a Sony HD camera & Aquatica HD Wave Housing, where you learn a multitude of skills needed in enabling you to become a Pro Underwater Videographer. These include entry & exit techniques with a camera, use of white balance, competent fining & position in water, macro filming, composition & correct use of light whilst still adhering to safe diving practices.
In addition to this you are allocated at least 50 hours in the editing suit assisted by a fully qualified Underwater Videography Instructor at all times. The staff at Oceans Below have a vast knowledge of Adobe Premiere Pro and will teach you everything you need to turn your raw footage into professional high quality films.
These skills include shot selection, colour correction, cutting footage appropriately to music & titles. By the end of the course you will be able to export your finished film in full HD and also smaller sized files which you can instantly upload to the internet and show your family & friends your creation!
In addition to filming underwater & learning how to edit your footage into a professional looking piece we also teach correct camera & housing maintenance. This is an invaluable part of the course as we find many trainees get hooked, purchase their own equipment and embark on their underwater filming adventure!
To further your creative skills, become more proficient in the editing suit & introduce yourself to on land camera work, we allocate two days in which you create a land based project of your choice. This gives you an opportunity to explore a concept, storyboard, scriptwriting, shot list, filming & editing your final production. Students find this highly rewarding and often surprise themselves with what they produce.
For the internship program there are two possible choices. The first of which is the tourist souvenir video internship where you will learn the art of video production & sales which can lead to job opportunities and a return on your investment. The second available internship is documentary film making. This is where you get a chance to make a short documentary on a subject of your choosing and take it through from the initial idea to final piece.
The Pro Underwater Videography course requires minimum certification level of BSAC Sports Diver or equivalent with no less than 50 logged dives. If you want every day to be an adventure, want to capture the true beauty of the underwater world on film and want to embark on a passion that is truly addictive then this is the course for you!
Please contact Oceans Below for prices and any other information you may require
Web:
<|endofexample|>
Profit By Merging Managed Print, Managed Services
There are challenges, but integrating managed print with managed services can provide a new revenue stream. Full article.
Syncing People, Paper, And Processes With ECM And Workflow
Paper has been a part of everyday business for a long time. Purchase orders, invoices, contracts, and more are generated on a daily basis as a part of key business processes. As companies look for ways to increase productivity and trim budgets, the widespread use of paper has been scrutinized. Learn more.. Learn. Learn more.
Quickly Resolve Scanning Problems With Operations Alerts
A new breed of analytics software provides timely alerts about performance shortfalls, so operations managers can now detect problems and make more informed decisions about your scanning environment within a time frame that is most effective. Full article.
<|endofexample|>
Softphone
Mobile wireless devices are now turning into universal handsets: powerful sensor-rich software-controlled computing and communication devices. These “softphones” are increasingly entrusted with maintaining a users’ electronic identity, calendars, financial data, and social networking in one device.The increasing openness of softphones comes with equally large security issues and opportunities, some of which we are only beginning to understand. We proposed a multi-pronged research plan that methodically considers the security implications of the open softphone and focuses on identifying, understanding, and mitigating new security risks.
The project ultimately aims to understand how security problems associated with softphones and their networks are different from those of traditional computers and networks, and how to harness the unique capabilities of softphones for improved security
<|endofexample|>
In our forums, you can chat, share, get advice, support and find local friends. With nearly 90,000 members, somebody, somewhere is feeling exactly the same as you! Find, share, chat, belong.
the basics
beginners info
what we're talking about now! can you help?.
What to do, where to go, who to ask for help, it's all there in our baby info hub.
the baby info hub has
more great info at
Information, support and resources to get you through in our toddler info hub.
the todder info hub has
more great info at
Information hubs for you and your family. Your one stop info spot.
info hubs
useful stuff
Over 40 really helpful calculators, checklists and charts to help keep you organised and in control.
most popular tools
great bargain & deals -
sales, discounts & vouchers
info hubs
favourite tools
handy checklists
don't miss out
viewer favourites
legals
share the love
sanity savers
stay in the loop
<|endofexample|>
'Prevalence
There is a danger that while the introduction of these pro- and mandatory arrest policies in some jurisdictions has seen a rise in the arrest of perpetrators, there has also been a corresponding rise in the number of dual arrests and single arrests of women for domestic violence.'
Domestic violence victims become accused
.'
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
She made an illegal turn. It has nothing to do with feeling sick. If the sign says no turning, it means it. I have never seen "no right turn...unless you are going to puke". What would she have done if she were in the tunnel?? You can't pull over there.
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
Sprig [...]
The Talking Tea Cup: Pouring Your Way to a Better Day
Kathy Heck named her tearoom, The Talking Tea Cup on Butler Road in Chalfont, after a children’s story, The Little Teacup That Talked, which offers readers elegant encouragement and inspiration.
The tearoom it inspired does the same for tea aficionados and amateurs alike. It is in a 250-year-old farmhouse that hosts [...]
<|endofexample|>
If you would like to rent business premises at the airport, please send the following information to retail@bud.hu:
* company name, contact details, contact person,
* company profile, with photographs if possible, references
* what commercial activities you would like to rent the premises for
* at which terminal you would like to rent premises (in or outside the transit area)
* the floor area you require
* the duration for which you would like to rent the premises
* the preliminary business plan and proposal for the planned business activities.
Our colleagues will contact you if we have business premises or commercial spaces of the size and nature you require, either at present or in the near future.
<|endofexample|>
. More »
Car rental with rich selection, only new models with a few kilometers, for the most favorable price, even without reservation. More »
Budget combines the strength of one of the world’s largest car rental brands together with the detailed local knowledge, flexibility and great value for money you need. More »
Car, truck and minivan rental, luxury cars, international reservation, chauffeur service. More »
Főtaxi, the taxi company with the longest traditions in Hungary will transfer the passengers between all three terminals and Budapest. More »
With the help of the GO 4 TRAVEL INTERNATIONAL travel agency is easy to find the best accommodation, holiday trip or cultural program. More »
As the world’s first and world’s largest car hire company, the name Hertz stands for safety, outstanding vehicles and top class, top speed service. More »
You can find the outlets of Europe’s leading currency exchange service provider in all major tourist and cultural locations. More »
The travel agency is located in the Terminal 2B departure hall. OTP Travel is one of Hungary’s leading travel agencies, offering passengers reliable services for 28 years now. More »
The range of services available at Budapest Airport’s car parks at Terminal 2 has been expanded with a new service. With Park ’n Wash, cars are cleaned in the car park in as little as 15 minutes, which is ideal for car owners arriving to pick up passengers, as well as travelers parking at the airport prior to departure. Additionally, the technology used does not require any water, and is environmentally friendly. More »
The Hungarian Post Office awaits travelers at Terminal 2A. More »
MertGlobal's service can be found in the departure halls of Terminal 1, Terminal 2A and 2B. More »
BMW, Mini, Saab, Ford, Opel, Citroen, Suzuki, Hyundai, Kia, Renault in 15 categories, always with the newest types. More »
Budapestinfo Pont provides all the information a visitor might need about sight-seeing, festivals, exhibitions and more. More »
AirportShuttle-Minibusz *** ATM *** AVIS Rent a car *** |
<|endofexample|>
In our Boutique you may also have the chance to choose from the very best of premium watch brands like Tag Heuer, Raymond Weil and Frederique Constant or to complete your fashion accessories with Calvin Klein, Guess or Pandora. More »
FREYWILLE invites You to its exquisite airport boutique, a special world of enamel and art offering women’s collections of jewels inspired by magical works of art created by Hundertwasser, Klimt, Mucha and Monet, as well as exclusive accessories for men. More »
Our offer includes small souvenirs, quality amber jewels, world-famous crystal products and fine silver and gold jewelry. More »
In addition to high quality food delicacies, Heinemann Duty Free's product range includes cosmetics manufactured by the largest perfume houses, premium category accessories and toys. More »
New York-based Luxury Institute ranked Herend first among competitive high-end porcelain brands, in their Luxury Brand Status Index (LBSI). More ». More »
Welcome to the wonderful world of Michal Negrin! More »
Take a look at the traditional and modern souvenirs of Memories of Hungary in bud:skycourt. Here you can choose from a wide range of unique and creative gifts. More »
Visit Playersroom store in SkyCourt and at Terminal 2A where several global brands await travelers. More »
Be informed in one of our Relay store about the latest news in newspapers and magazines selling in several languages- and once you are here, why not browse the wide selection of books. More »
Swarovski, the world leader in cut crystal brings you the latest in crystal glamour, must have fashion and ideal gift ideas. More » »
Bijoux Terner ***
Caprice ***
Frey Wille ***
Gift Point ***
Hangar 2A ***
Heinemann Duty Free ***
Herend ***
Hub ***
Hugo Boss/Polo Ralph Lauren ***
Hungaricum Wine & Fine Food ***
Lian Day Spa ***
Longchamp/Montblanc/Burberry ***
Michal Negrin ***
Memories of Hungary ***
Playersroom ***
Relay *** Swarovski ***
Szamos *** Virgin *** Yves Rocher
airline | airport | airticket | bud airport | bud:skycourt | dangerous items | fast check-in | hand luggage | lost baggage | luggage | map | minibus | news | parking | restaurants | security | shops | terminal1 | terminal2a | terminal2b | transport | vip services |
<|endofexample|>
Indulge yourself with the offers of our restaurants and cafés.More »
airline | airport | airticket | bud airport | bud:skycourt | dangerous items | fast check-in | hand luggage | lost baggage | luggage | map | minibus | news | parking | restaurants | security | shops | terminal1 | terminal2a | terminal2b | transport | vip services |
<|endofexample|>
Your privacy is important to us.
Budd Baer Auto takes your privacy seriously and does not rent or sell your personal information to third parties without your consent. Read our privacy policy.
71 Murtland Ave
Washington, PA 15301
Actual rating will vary with options, driving conditions, habits and vehicle condition.. (en)
Starting at: $25,495.
It's super low, with a roof height of only 50.6 inches, or .8 inches lower than that Porsche Cayman. The coefficient of drag is a sleek 0.29. But where it seems lowest is at the hood, with its 17-inch wheels jammed up inside wheelwells that rise above the hood. You see this especially from the inside, making the nose of the car look square, when viewed through the windshield. Sideview, the car's only distinction is those humps over the fenders. The wheels have many sharp spokes, some black and some alloy.
The nose looks like its designer knocked it out in an afternoon. Not that it's ugly, because it isn't; it's just simple, almost cookie-cutter. Big hexagon mouth, corners trimmed. HID headlamps are sharp triangles pointing toward the grille, like pizza slices smoothed out so they don't look like pizza slices.. Pseudo whats? Granted, they look good from a distance, but when you touch them, the rubbery plastic nearly falls off in your hand. There are plastic pretend air intakes at the corners of the front fascia, surrounding the foglamps on the BRZ Limited, but standing alone and making a statement (this car is cheap) on the (oxymoronic) standard Premium..
But you can forget the voice command part. Even a Subaru rep couldn't get the nav to get within about 2000 miles of where we wanted to go. You say "Washington" and it hears "Florida." What else is new. In our experience, almost all of them are like that. You say you want pizza and it sends you out for barbecue. Although recently a Chrysler 300 we drove got it right.
We like the rugged fabric seats; they have an appropriate look and feel, not a cut-rate cloth feel. The bolstering is good and tight; maybe too tight, as very broad backs won't fit. The three-spoke steering wheel is leather-wrapped with red stitching, and looks cool. So do the alloy pedals, including the dead pedal that's very functional and great to have in a car like this.
Gauge-wise, there's a big tachometer in the center, with a small shift light on the left side of the dash; not the best place but better than nothing. The speedo to the left isn't very easy to read, but no matter; there's a digital display with your numbers in the middle of the tach, good to go by. Better, in fact. The easy-to-read orange digital display actually makes the speedometer unnecessary.
The standard screen is small, 6.5 inches, but big enough for the space, and its information and images are arranged in a tidy manner. Small buttons, touch screen, easy to reach.
Climate controls are three simple knobs. Two cupholders behind the leather-wrapped shift lever, no center console, decent glovebox, easy door handles and window buttons, good left armrest for cruising on the freeway, although it's low so you end up gripping the steering wheel down at about 7 o'clock., we're glad they're there, they're better than none at all. They work for kids. Small kids. The specs say there's 29.9 inches of rear legroom; really? That's more than two feet, sounds like a lot. But with the front seats in a reasonable driving position, we looked back and saw zero inches of rear legroom. If you want a sports car with real room in the back for passengers, get a Mazda RX-8..
Sam Moses filed this NewCarTestDrive.com report after his test drive of the BRZ in the Pacific Northwest.
Your privacy is important to us.
Budd Baer Auto takes your privacy seriously and does not rent or sell your personal information to third parties without your consent. Read our privacy policy.
<|endofexample|>
THE COOLEST SMALL TOWNS IN THE U.S.A.
Rocheport, Missouri
Pop. 200
Les Bourgeois Bistro(Mark Katzman/Ferguson & Katzman)
In 1986, a stretch of the Katy Railroad was shut down, and Rocheport appeared to be doomed. But 10 years later, the Katy was reincarnated as the longest rails-to-trails conversion in the U.S.A. Each year, 350,000 hikers and bikers pass through Rocheport--in central Missouri, just west of Columbia--on the 225-mile, crushed-limestone path.
Several new businesses have popped up to cater to them, including the four-room Amber House Bed & Breakfast, a Queen Anne replica. The B&B is owned by Mary Schlueter, a chef who moved from Phoenix a year ago (705 Third St., 573/698-2028, amberhousebb.com, from $135).
Unlike many nearby towns, Rocheport's restaurants skew more toward haute cuisine than to meat and potatoes: Abigail's, for one, serves sumac-rubbed veal chops (206 Central St., 573/698-3000, veal chops $18). Les Bourgeois Bistro's signature dish is smoked duck breast (12847 W. Hwy. BB, 573/698-2300, duck breast $18). Les Bourgeois is also a family-run winery, where a patio looks out on the beautiful Missouri River.
As much as Rocheport's new residents are investing in its future, they don't want to change certain things--the ash trees, the 19th-century houses, the chickens that literally cross the road. "My life is about as perfect as life can be," says Linda Johnson, owner of Shabby Tabby Antiques & Gifts (505 Second St., 573/698-2109). "It's like going on vacation every time you come home."
-
Budget Travel Real Deals
- From $909
- From $449
- From $849
- From $99
- From $179
- From $1,285
- From $1,155
- From $1,075
- From $728
-
<|endofexample|>
Gender: Male
Contact email: nicolewalters22@yahoo.com
Website:
Hello! My name is Nicole Walters. I love weddings and I enjoy helping others make their wedding day wonderful and unforgettable.
WforWeddings offers high quality information about wedding theme ideas, including planning for your wedding. Your wedding planning guide includes the invitations, photographer, wedding jewellery and
rings, decorations and floral arrangements.
<|endofexample|>
on February 3, 2011 - 12:01 AM
I look out to the sky
The raindrops make it look like the window's crying
I close my eyes
I imagine a rainbow
I open my eyes but the window still cries
I want to change the weather
I want to go out and play
I look out at the sky
It's like a gray sheet of paper covering the sky
I open the door and go outside
A raindrop lands on me
But I cannot speak
Because I seek a bright rainbow
All over me
I laugh and I smile
Cause I'm covered in colors
The colors feel nice and silky
I look up
The sky looks like a sheet of blue ice
It's clear with no cloud in sight
The color fades away
But it's still inside of me
'til this very day
Happiness
<|endofexample|>
on November 15, 2012 - 12:01 PM
Since ice on Lake Erie in February no longer is a sure thing, organizers of the Labatt Blue Buffalo Pond Hockey Tournament’s sixth annual event have planned accordingly, with several contingencies.
For starters, all games will be scheduled for one day – Feb. 9 – if there’s enough ice at Erie Basin Marina. The tournament will begin at 8:30 a.m., and play will continue under the lights until 9 p.m. Prior tournaments had scheduled games throughout weekends.
If ice or weather conditions aren’t safe that day, Feb. 10 will be the makeup day.
“It’s no secret that we have had a lot of issues with weather over the years,” Lisa Texido, associate brand manager for Labatt Blue, announced Thursday in a news conference. “Shifting to one day will allow us to have the best chance to amend plans or make up games on the additional day.”
Plans also call for a street hockey tournament, if pond hockey is canceled because of the weather or lack of ice, as happened last February.
Another new feature isn’t weather-related: Teams can register during a two-week period that begins at noon today, with participants in the respective divisions being chosen through a lottery. The event typically sells out in minutes, and the lottery system will give teams ample time to register for a chance to compete in 2013, Texido said.
“It’s something that players have been recommending,” Texido said.
Ninety-six teams with seven-player rosters will be accepted to compete across 12 divisions. Registration, at $250 per team, runs from today through Nov. 30 at. Players can find out Dec. 7 if their teams have been selected to compete.
Preparations by Buffalo’s Parks and Recreation Department also are complete.
“The planning has already ended,” said Deputy Commissioner Andy Rabb. “The biggest factor, of course, is the ice.”
Once ice forms, crews will monitor its depth as the day of the tournament draws near, he said.
In order for the tournament to be played in the marina, the ice must reach a depth of 10 to 12 inches at least one week before the event, according to Texido.
The action won’t be limited to the ice. There will be a large, heated tent; live music; a disc jockey; and plenty of beer produced by the sponsor.
“It’s become a real celebration of winter in the City of Buffalo,” Mayor Byron W. Brown said. “We are certainly looking forward to our hockey fix in Buffalo.”
<|endofexample|>
on January 14, 2013 - 6:43 AM
After about six months of looking, Richard Mallek and his wife, Susan, are ready to close on their first home, a three-bedroom sanctuary with old Florida charm in Boynton Beach, Fla.
Before the couple began their search last summer,. So we buckled down, cutting back on going out to dinner and for drinks.”
First-time buyers like the Malleks gradually are playing a larger role in rejuvenating the housing market. First-timers boost demand, which allows existing homeowners to sell and move up to bigger properties.
For the 12-month period ending in June 2012, 39 percent of sales nationwide involved first-time buyers, compared with 37 percent a year earlier, according to the National Association of Realtors.
Five years ago, in the middle of the housing bust, first-time buyers had a glut of properties to choose from, little competition and plenty of leverage when it came time to submitting offers.
Not anymore. The housing inventory is down sharply, investors are pouring money back into real estate, and sellers are eager to accept those cash deals.
Brokers insist that buyers get pre-approved for a specific amount of money before starting their search.
When a home in their price range hits the market, they should plan to see it that day – on their lunch break, if necessary – and offer full price or above in many cases.
Here are other strategies that first-time buyers can use to their advantage:
• Broaden the search, even just a little. Many first-time buyers target a specific city, but the lack of inventory limits options, agents say.
Buyers “have to be flexible and compromise,” Broward County, Fla., agent Chip Rowand said.
• Don’t automatically settle for a Federal Housing Administration mortgage. Many first-time buyers lean toward FHA loans because of the low down payments – just 3.5 percent of the purchase price.
But in today’s market, sellers fielding multiple offers prefer cash or conventional loans, which usually don’t have as many restrictions as FHA, said Stephen B. McWilliam, president of Greater Fort Lauderdale (Fla.) Realtors.
For clients who need financing, McWilliam recommends conventional loans that require just 5 percent down. They’ll be viewed by sellers as more financially stable and even save money on mortgage insurance costs, he said.
• Seek a lender that can process the loan quickly. McWilliam said some big banks won’t sign off on mortgages for eight to 12 weeks – too long for most impatient sellers.
wConsider working with a community bank or a local mortgage banker, which typically don’t have as much bureaucracy.
“If we have to do it in eight business days, we will,” said Jim Flood, regional manager of Supreme Lending in Plantation, Fla.
<|endofexample|>
on February 11, 2013 - 10:50 AM
, updated February 11, 2013 at 1:45 PM
Security was heightened at four Ken-Ton District schools Monday, after a report to police about a man seen with a handgun at a nearby gas station who was overheard saying, “It’s time to lock and load,” police and school officials said.
Hoover Elementary and Middle schools, Lindbergh Elementary and Kenmore West High were all in lockdown. There was nothing to suggest a specific threat against schools or children, but school officials acted out of an abundance of caution.
Town of Tonawanda Police Lt. Nick Bado said police got a call about 7:20 a.m. from a person who said he was at the Mobil-Tim Hortons at Highland Parkway and Colvin Boulevard when a man cut through the lot on foot. The witness said the man was in his 60s or 70s, had a white beard and was wearing a gray shirt, jeans and a baseball cap. He appeared to be carrying a black handgun and said: “It’s time to lock and load.” A letter was sent home to parents of students from the locked down schools.
A letter was sent home to parents of the locked out schools to explain the situation. Click here to read the text of the letter.
<|endofexample|>
This April 19, 2005 file photo shows Pope Benedict XVI greeting the crowd from the central balcony of St. Peter's Basilica moments after being elected, at the Vatican. (AP Photo/Domenico Stinellis/FILE)
Sorry, an unexpected error occurred. Please try again later.
Please enter a valid email address
Please select newsletter(s)
Thank you for subscribing!
Please enter a valid 10 digit phone number
Please select text message alert(s)
<|endofexample|>
13 Items View: 12 / 24 / 48 work By Adam on 4/23/13 Adam would recommend this product to a friend works perfect for the smaller tank in my office. Waste! By Brandon on 11/26/12 Brandon wouldn't recommend this product to a friend I DiveDr wouldn't recommend this product to a friend I Aaron would recommend this product to a friend I Reno would recommend this product to a friend This JT wouldn't recommend this product to a friend I DiveDr wouldn't recommend this product to a friend I Tyler would recommend this product to a friend this..
<|endofexample|>
New Orleans Home / City Guides Home / Bullz-Eye Home
Famous for its historic French Quarter, renowned for its jazz heritage and for its fabulous Cajun cuisine, the "Big Easy" is also a golfer's paradise. Every season is golf season on these breathtaking layouts featuring moss-draped oaks, towering southern pines, cypress lagoons and enough sand to offer a challenging day for all levels of golfers.
Hidden Oaks Golf Course
Hidden Oaks boasts a challenging 18-hole championship layout that covers 6,761 yards of picturesque landscape. Par is 72, and with plenty of water, Hidden Oaks brings out the best of your shot-making skills. Address: 200 Oak Dr., Braithewaite, LA. Call 504-682-2685 for more information.
Lakewood Country Club
Nestled between century-old oak and cypress trees, Lakewood Country Club has hosted 26 PGA Tour Events and is located less than four miles from downtown New Orleans and the French Quarter. The 18-hole championship golf course is a challenging par 72 layout, measuring over 7,000 yards from the championship tees and perfect for golfers of all skill levels. Address: 4801 General DeGaulle Dr., New Orleans, LA 70131. Call 504-393-2610 for more information.
English Turn
This Jack Nicklaus designed Par 72 championship golf course presents a unique challenge to golfers of any level. Water comes into play on every hole, as giant sand and waste bunkers guard many holes, and numerous grass depressions and mounds line the sculptured fairways. Huge tiered greens challenge putting strokes. Address: One Clubhouse Dr., New Orleans, LA 70131. Call 504-392-2200 for more information.
Eastover Country Club
With a course that's challenging and fun for beginners and professionals alike, the Eastover is a great course for the money, featuring a well-designed course with a challenging track and well-guarded greens. Address: 5690 Eastover Dr., New Orleans, LA. Call 504-245-7347 for more information.
City Park
Four 18-hole golf courses make up this exceptional golf complex. Located just 10 minutes from downtown, the Championship West Course offers wide tree-lined fairways that lead to large Bermuda greens. Plenty of bunkers and lagoons dot the East and North Courses as centuries-old oaks and beautiful cypress and pines enhance the terrain. Address: One Palm Dr., New Orleans, LA 70124. Call 504-482-4888 for more information.
Oak Harbor
Located 15 minutes from New Orleans, this course is a worthy adversary to even scratch golfers, but it plays a manageable 6,261 yards from the regular men's tees. Sound strategy is always a premium on this championship layout. Danger lurks in the form of water that comes into play on 12 of the holes. Service is the best around the area on this green. Address: 201 Oak Harbor Blvd., Slidell, LA 70458. Call 985-646-0110 for more information.
You can follow us on Twitter and Facebook for content updates. Also, sign up for our email list for weekly updates and check us out on Google+ as well.
WATCH THIS!
<|endofexample|>
Comment Start Related Topic Hide Report Edit Like Dislike Delete Delete Add more answer options B I U Quote Link Named Link Spoiler Choose a forum category: None Destiny : Be Brave. Bungie : Follow our quest for World Domination. Community : Join the Seventh Column. Gaming : Make friends. Play games. Support : Help us help you. OffTopic : Surf a Flood of random discussion. Post a Poll Question Post Official Employee Post Post Cancel
<|endofexample|>
Displaying items 61-72 of 3576 » View burbankleader.com items only
< Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11-298 Next >: Executive Branch, Pat Quinn, Terry Link, Politics, Waukegan: Politics, Wendy Greuel, Elections, Local Elections, Polls: Politics, Elections, Housing Industry, Local Elections, Services and Shopping
-: Crime, Law and Justice, Carmen Trutanich, Justice System, Politics, Lawyers: Politics, Elections, Board of Directors, Business, U.S. Postal Service: Pat Quinn, Executive Branch, Terry Link, Politics, Elections: Telemundo (tv network), Politics, Parties and Movements, Elections, Univision (tv network)
Four seek supervisor post in Guilford Townshiproxann.miller@herald-mail.comFour candidates are vying for one open seat in the Guilford Township Supervisors race. Republicans Chris A. Bender, Ted Bittinger, Mark A. Bumbaugh and Donald C. Clapper are running in the May 21 election to secure the open, six-year term. There are no...
Tags: Politics, Elections, Accounting and Auditing, Safety of Citizens, Business: Litigation, Politics, Elections, Voting, Trials
Bethlehem mayoral candidates each raise more than $55,000Democrats J. William Reynolds and Robert Donchez raised nearly the same amount of money this year for the Bethlehem mayoral contest, but Donchez's early fundraising efforts from last year were too large to surpass. Donchez had $167,600 to spend on the...
Tags: Allentown, Politics, Elections, Pen Argyl, Pittsburgh
Sestak preps for Toomey rematch in 2016Call Washington BureauThe...
Tags: Politics, Federal Election Commission, Elections, Democratic Party, Delaware County
May 16, 2013 |Story| Chicago Tribune
May 16, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
May 16, 2013 |Story| Allentown Morning Call
May 17, 2013 |Resource Link| Orlando Sentinel
May 16, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
May 13, 2013 |Story| Daily American
May 15, 2013 |Story| Chicago Tribune
May 15, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
May 14, 2013 |Story| Herald Mail
May 14, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
May 14, 2013 |Story| Allentown Morning Call
May 14, 2013 |Story| Allentown Morning Call
<|endofexample|>
Hello fellow Burdastyle members,
Following our highly successful company launch and the ensuing press coverage we received, we have decided to offer an Early Bird Discount of 25$ (Canadian dollars) on any first purchase at the g.moda store, to those who sign on to our website before the online store goes live (around the end of September).
Signing on costs you nothing, and there is no commitment to buy. We also commit to never sharing your email with anyone else without your permission.
In addition to our outfits, of which you can see a glimpse at either our blog site or via the newspaper coverage we received, we will have a version of our pre-launch gift on sale within a few weeks of the store’s opening. This unusual accessory is a tote bag that transforms into a hat-and-scarf combination within the overall “g-zip look”! The hat-and-scarf/tote bag was a highly popular item at our launch – several people known to “never wear hats” were seen disappearing round the corner with one in their hands!
We plan to treat our community of subscribers well, and will continue to offer discounts on g.moda products regularly to this group. So come and join us now, for a different experience of online shopping. 9, 2011, 12.18 AMby gedwoods
Note that our online boutique will be open for business as of October 25th, 2011 – the new site will replace the current site. This is your last chance to benefit from the Early Bird Special, and to obtain a 25$ discount on your first purchase at g.moda’s online store. Note that our 3-piece outfits will be selling for a price ranging from about 115$ Canadian to about 140$, while our recommended 5-piece ensembles will be selling in the range of 190$-230$. Hence a 25$ discount is a significant sum on your final purchase!
Oct 25, 2011, 04.54 AMby gedwoods
Our early bird discount is now over, with the opening of our online boutique. Thanks to those who responded – your encouragement for my fledgeling enterprise has been extremely helpful in the days leading up to the opening of the online store. This may be the end of the early bird discount, but there will be other discount campaigns as we progress!
<|endofexample|>
.
Skill Specializations
• Architectural Engineers
• Chemical Engineers
• Civil Engineers
• Electrical Engineers
• Environmental Engineers
• Industrial Engineers
• Materials Engineers
• Mechanical Engineers
• Offshore/Onshore Engineers
• Petroleum Engineers
• Quality Engineers
• Reservoir Engineers
• Structural Engineers
• Drafters/Designers
For a prompt response concrning our ability to provide you with engineering professionals, please click on the "information request" icon below.
Diversity Vendor
Woman Owned Business
Texas Certified HUB
Employee owned business
Direct hire
Direct Hire Placement
Permanent placement
Temporary Staffing
Contract Staffing
Temp to Hire
Contract to Hire
e-Commerce
VMS support
Vendor Managed Services
Vendor on Premise
Managed Service Provider
Payrolling Services
Convention staffing
special Projects management
project management
professional staffing
professional placement
contingency search
texas employment agency
texas placement agency
texas staffing firm
texas jobs
texas employment
houston employment agency
houston placement agency
houston staffing firm
Houston jobs
Houston employment
Austin employment agency
Austin placement agency
Austin staffing firm
Austin jobs
Austin employment
Dallas employment agency
Dallas placement agency
Dallas staffing firm
Dallas jobs
Dallas employment
The Woodlands employment agency
The Woodlands placement agency
The Woodlands staffing firm
The Woodlands jobs
The Woodlands employment
El Paso employment agency
El Paso placement agency
El Paso staffing firm
El Paso jobs
El Paso employment
San Antonio employment agency
San Antonio placement agency
San Antonio staffing firm
San Antonio jobs
San Antonio employment
Accounting
Administrative
Banking
Call Center
Clerical
Credit & Collections
Convention Support
Customer Service
Engineering
Human Resources
Industrial / Manufacturing
Information Technology
Management
Medical Admin Support
Mortgage
Procurement
Supply Chain
Sales
Marketing
Accounting jobs
Administrative jobs
Clerical jobs
Call center jobs
customer service jobs
credit and collection jobs
Convention Support jobs
Engineering jobs
Human Resource jobs
HR jobs
Industrial jobs
Manufacturing jobs
Information Technology jobs
IT jobs
Management jobs
Medical Admin Support jobs
medical administrative jobs
Procurement jobs
Supply Chain jobs
Sales jobs
Marketing jobs
professional jobs
Accounting staffing
Administrative staffing
Clerical staffing
Call center staffing
customer service staffing
credit and collection staffing
Convention staffing
Engineering staffing
Human Resources staffing
HR staffing
Industrial staffing
Manufacturing staffing
Information Technology staffing
IT staffing
Management staffing
Medical Admin staffing
Procurement staffing
Supply Chain staffing
Sales staffing
Marketing staffing
Technical staffing
Accounting recruiting
Administrative recruiting
Call center recruiting
Convention recruiting
Engineering recruiting
Human Resources recruiting
HR recruiting
Manufacturing recruiting
Information Technology recruiting
IT recruiting
Management recruiting
Procurement recruiting
Supply Chain recruiting
Sales recruiting
Marketing recruiting
Technical recruiting
Accounting placements
Administrative placements
Clerical placements
Call center placements
customer service placements
credit and collection placements
Convention Support placements
Engineering placements
Human Resources placements
HR placements
Industrial placements
Manufacturing placements
Information Technology placements
IT placements
Management placements
Medical Admin placements
medical administrative placements
Procurement placements
Supply Chain placements
Sales placements
Marketing placements
Microsoft Office Training
Burnett Staffing
Burnett Specialists
Choice Staffing
Career tips
resume tips
cover letter tips
interview tips
<|endofexample|>
Registering your art or theme camp helps us organize Burning Flipside. It ensures that you get the space you need! The deadline for registering art installations and theme camps is April 1st.
You must be logged into this site to fill out a registration form.
Please select from the options below:
- Art Registration – if you will be bringing something creative and interactive, register it so it will get a spot!
- Art Car/Mutated Vehicle – if you have a mutated vehicle, register it and learn about the fun to be had (and the rules of the road).
<|endofexample|>
June 30th, 2012
ME? A Couch Potato? (My N.E.A.T. Step Experiment Part 1)
Last month, I finally bought a Fitbit. I say finally because I’d been hearing about the FitBit (and similar activitiy tracking devices like the BodyBugg) from my friends, readers and Inner Circle members for the past few years. My curiosity was eventually piqued enough to spring for the $99 bucks and try it out myself.
The FitBit is a pedometer — a little electronic gadget – that slips in your pocket or clips on your clothes and tracks how many steps you take every day.
Why would I want to keep track of how many steps I take in a day? Why would you? That’s what today’s post is about.
There are two reasons why I decided to experiment with a pedometer. One is because of all the research I’ve done on the importance of NEAT – Non exercise activity thermogenesis.
NEAT is all the calories you burn each day from activity, not counting your formal training. Even if you train very hard for an hour every single day – that’s only 1 out of 24 hours. What about your activity level the other 23 hours of the day? All that activity – walking, physical work at your job, doing the dishes, vacuuming, yard work, even the tiny little things like changing posture and fidgeting – adds up a heck of a lot more than most people realize. They simply don’t notice it because it may be a little bit here and a little bit there.
Someone with a physical job has a very high level of NEAT. Someone with a desk job who then hits the couch at night after work has a very low level of NEAT (this is often the difference between a person who is overweight and a person who is underweight, who ironically call themselves endomorph or ectomorph, respectively…but more on that in an upcoming article). Walking is, by far, the largest component of NEAT.
Most people don’t know what NEAT is, or they do know what it is and they ignore it because they figure it’s not a “real workout” — it’s just miscellaneous activity throughout the day, so it couldn’t possibly matter, right? After all, you keep hearing about how intense weight training and high intensity interval training (HIIT) are the real keys to fat loss don’t you? Well, indeed, workouts like progressive weight training and HIIT cardio are the most efficient way to spend a limited amount of formal training time, but plenty of research shows that ignoring or downplaying the importance of NEAT would be a grave mistake.
Two of the top experts in this area are Dr. James Levine of the Mayo clinic and Dr James Hill of the University of Colorado. Both have written books and conducted studies showing that obese people are profoundly more sedentary than lean people. “They move 2.5 hours less per day than lean people, which means they burn roughly 350 fewer calories per day,” said Dr. Levine.
Dr. Hill suggests that even taking enough extra steps each day to burn 100 more calories could make a difference over time (if all else remains equal – which it often does not – but that will have to be the subject of another post). The valid point is, a small increase in NEAT, including a small increase in extra steps taken each day, if done every day, above and beyond what was done before, could help millions of people lose weight and keep it off.
That leads me to the second reason I wanted to experiment with a pedometer and upping my NEAT through taking more steps. About six years ago, there was a major change in my lifestyle. After nearly 15 years in the fitness business as a personal trainer and health club manager, I left that side of the industry and went fully self-employed as a full-time writer, researcher and internet publisher. I continued coaching people, but I did it virtually through my inner circle member’s-only forum, as well as writing books and articles like this one.
Although there was some desk-bound office work involved in managing health clubs, for years I had spent a large chunk of my time on my feet out on the gym floor, training clients and maintaining the clubs. Suddenly, literally overnight, my new job had me glued to a chair 10-12 hours a day (and more hours than that when working on important projects).
That may not seem like a big deal for a person like me, who is in the gym training hard 5 days a week doing both weights and cardio, except for one thing: In addition to reading up on NEAT, I also came across the research showing how detrimental it is to your health, fitness and weight control endeavors to sit for long periods of time.
You’ve probably seen the headlines about the metabolic and ill health risks of too much sitting yourself, but the new twist that emerged in the studies just a few years ago is that too much sitting time is an independent risk factor for obesity and metabolic health problems separate and distinct from getting too little exercise.
For years, studies by NASA have shown the serious metabolic consequences of extreme muscular unloading and there have recently been some interesting parallels drawn between studies on zero gravity and prolonged sitting. The loss of local muscle stimulation from sitting suppresses skeletal lipoprotein lipase activity and glucose uptake, while the mere act of standing involves isometric contraction of the postural (anti gravity) muscles. In the past, standing still would have been lumped in with sedentary behavior, but now scientists are even saying that sitting and standing are different. Sitting is worse.
But again, why should I care about this stuff? How does this apply to ME? I pump iron in the gym 5 days a week, with nearly the same type of intensity as I did in my bodybuilding competition days and if I want to get leaner, I crank up the cardio sessions. I’m burning more than enough calories that, when combined with my diet, I have no difficulty getting as lean as I want to be – even to this day after I made this shift in my lifestyle to a desk job as a writer.
Well, I started to care when I also read the research that said you could meet the optimal guidelines for physical activity, but if you also sit for long periods, there could still be negative consequences that are not un-done by your formal workouts. Researchers even coined a name for this – “The active couch potato.”
Imagine my surprise when it dawned on me – ME of all people – that I was the textbook definition of active couch potato: hard workouts in the gym, easily totaling 5 or more hours of training per week – and then almost the entire rest of my life glued to a chair, sitting in front of the computer. Even if I hadn’t seen or felt any detriment yet, I didn’t like the thought of being any kind of couch potato (desk potato?), and I didn’t want to wait and see what a decade (or two) of sitting 90% of the day might bring later on.
This combination of my reading up on NEAT and the effects of prolonged sitting, combined with recommendations from friends, prompted me to purchase the pedometer.
My goal was to measure for the first time ever, how much I was actually walking each day, if and how this would affect my activity level, how it might be valuable as a feedback or motivation tool and also, whether this might have any real application for me – as a bodybuilder and fitness professional – with regards to improving my results or perhaps staying leaner all year round just by taking some extra steps every day. That ought to interest you too because it flies in the face of everything you’ve been hearing about “training MUST be high in intensity or it’s a waste of time.”
Be sure to look for part 2 later this week to see my “product review” of the device (did it work? Did it accurately track the steps and calories burned, etc), hear about my actual step counts and to find out what I discovered from my little experiment (so far) and how my findings might help you get healthier, get leaner and stay lean.
Until then, be sure to check out my previous articles on NEAT and the “active couch potato.”
Related articles:
NEAT tricks for burning more fat:
The active couch potato:
Recommended reading: For some fascinating additional information on N.E.A.T. (non exercise activity thermogenesis) and the importance of high activity levels and step counts (including the reason why the Amish can eat pie, gravy and lots of carbs and still stay thin), be sure to check out The Body Fat Solution (Avery/Penguin Books, NYC), chapter 7 in particular:
The Body Fat Solution By Tom Venuto (hardcover)
The Body Fat Solution by Tom Venuto (kindle)
Scott
I’m looking forward to reading your product review, Tom. I’m contemplating getting one of these Fidbits as well.
I have also become an “active couch potato” over the past few years after having had a physically demanding job, as well as just spending more time on my feet in general.
I think the feedback from something like this would motivate me a great deal to boost N.E.A.T. as well as serve as a sobering reminder of how anemic my activity level has become, unless I make a conscious effort to walk more. It looks like it would be a great tool to have at your disposal
Fat Loss York
walking is a great way to burn calories which doesn’t cost anything. It can give you a great sense of satisfaction when you see how many steps you have taken during the day and how many calories you have burned.
Nico
Hi Tom
Looking forward to the review. I personally feel that a low NEAT level is one of my challenges. Sitting at a desk and long travel period is clearly not healthy.
When I was close to my ideal weight I had a job where my office was located about 100 meter away from the main admin building at an incline. I walked and sometimes ran up and down this patch 15 to 20 times a day. Over a period of two years at that job I lost over 30 kg of weight. It was combined with squash and some weight training as well over the period though. But my diet was by no means perfect at the mine. I had a beer or two every day. Ate many chocolates over weekends when I was bored. I honestly think my calorie intake during those days were double or close to double it is now.
I them moved to the city still kept fat low for a year or so. Slowly the fat came back over a period of 10 years. Family and work demands made me less active. I eat well and still get to play squash and the occasional weight session but yet I can’t get the fat back to those early levels. I hardly drink beer, maybe one or two a month now. I firmly believe that it is the NEAT factor that slowly but surly made it happen. I am by no means unfit or unhealthy. I can play a very hard squash game for 45 minutes without resting between sets and I weigh a 135 KG.
We recently moved into a new building and I now climb the stairs for 4 floors to add some NEAT but I still find myself sitting for 10 to 12 hours a day. Yesterday was a good example. Left home at 7am, at office at 8am, sat for 9 hours straight concentrating, missed lunch and drove home and arrived there at 19:30.
I think the fact that I sometime don’t realize the time that passes is to my detriment and I have to find a way to break myself away from my desk for that 10 minutes every hour and do something that adds to my NEAT.
Looking forward to your part 2 feedback and advise.
Regards
Nico
Pamela Sheedy
Great article on the fitbit Tom and great advice for people, keep up the great work.
Cheers,
Pam
Monique Hawkins
Hey Tom, I too, have a job where I sit a good portion of the day. I track my steps and eating with the Bodybugg program. Devices like this don’t lie! Sometimes I have thought I had plenty of steps when in reality, I was below by 10,000 daily step goal. I would highly recommend anyone purchase what you did or something like a Bodybugg. It really will help achieve your fitness goals.
Best Program For Fitness
Interesting and informative post. Thank you for your effort. Tom, What motivated you to call this blog “My N.E.A.T. Step Experiment (Part 1)”, not that the title does not go with the content, I am just wondering. I appreciate you sharing this with the rest of us Tom.
Fit Bit Pedometer Review (My N.E.A.T. Step Experiment, Part 2) | losefatandweight.net
[...] getting sick, weak and fat in the coming years really does go up. Fortunately, as I mentioned in part 1 and in previous articles, there are some neat little gadgets that might help motivate you to get [...]
Jimmy
I bought a fitbit as well and it works like a charm, just saying :p
Move a Little, Lose a Lot (My NEAT Step Experiment, Part 3) | losefatandweight.net
[...] as I mentioned in part 1, several years ago, I had a career shift that took me from fitness trainer to fitness writer. Alas, [...]
<|endofexample|>
Extra warm and double the dryness with a zippered cuff that makes suiting up a cinch.
Selected Color:
If you’re toasty and you know it, clap your hands!
The Nitty Gritty.
- DRYRIDE Ultrashell™ 2-Layer Fabric
- Waterproof DRYRIDE Insane Membrane™ 1.0
- Thermacore™ Insulation
- Toughgrip™ PU Palm
- Fleece Cuff
- Easy-On/Easy-Off Zippered Closure
<|endofexample|>
As a moderator on the Beesource bee forum, I hear these questions often, so I thought I would address them here. I will try to add more from time to time.
____________________________________
I've been handling queens off and on since 1974. Since I started rearing queens in 2004 I've been handling hundreds of them a year. I've never been stung by a queen.
Jay Smith, a beekeeper who reared thousands of queens a year for decades, said he was only stung by one once and he said she stung him right where he had squished a queen earlier and he though she thought it was a queen.
Can they? Yes. Will they? Extremely doubtful. The few people who I've met who say they've been stung by a queen say it didn't hurt as bad as a worker.
With the queen laying 1,000 to 3,000 eggs a day and bees living about six
weeks, there are ALWAYS some dead bees in front of the hive. Often you don't
see them because they are in the weeds or grass. A LOT of dead bees (piles of
them) might be cause for concern because it may be a sign of pesticide
poisoning or some other problem. But some are normal.
This question seems to come up a lot. The question is usually something like "should I put 9 or 10 frames in my supers?" or "should I put 9 or 10 frames in my brood boxes?"
My answer for the brood boxes is that I put 11 in. At least in a ten frame box. I shave the ends down in order to do this and I do it because it's the spacing the bees use if you let them. But 10 will do. They should be tightly together in the center, and not spaced out evenly. They are already further apart than the bees would prefer and spacing them any further usually results in burr comb or even an extra comb in between the frames. The theory of doing 9 in the brood box is that there will be more cluster space, less swarming and less rolling of bees. The reality, in my experience, is that it requires more bees to keep the brood warm, the surface of the combs is more irregular and this causes more rolling of the bees when removing frames. This irregularity is due to the fact that honey storage comb can vary in thickness but brood comb is always the same thickness. The results are that where they have honey and you have 9 frames, they have extra room to fill and they fill it with honey. If they have brood then it is not as fat as the honey. I tried 9 frames in the brood nest and was not impressed. I now have eight frame boxes and I have 9 frames in them (which requires shaving the end bars down). At 11 in a ten-frame box you get very flat consistent comb and you get smaller cell size more easily.
My answer for the supers is that ONCE THEY ARE DRAWN you can put 9 or even 8 in the ten frame supers with good effect as the combs will just be thicker. But when it's bare foundation, the bees will often mess up the comb if you space it more than ten. Ten frames of bare foundation should always be tightly together in the middle of either a super or a brood box in order to prevent the bees from attempting to build a comb between the foundations instead of on them. With eight frame boxes you can do seven drawn combs or even six.
A related issue is messed up combs.
Some of this is genetics. Some bees build straight parallel combs no matter what you do. Some will burr things up every which way no matter what you do. But there are things you can do to stack the deck.
Some of it is giving them the freedom to mess it up. Push all the frames tightly together. Those spacers on the frames are there for a reason. Use them. Do not space the frames evenly in the box. When you have undrawn foundation, do NOT space less frames in a box. Bees, if they don't like your foundation (and they never do really) and if you give them the room (by spacing the combs more than 1 3/8" apart) will try to build a comb between two frames rather than build it on your foundation. So pushing it together makes the space between the foundations small enough to discourage this, as it's not enough room for a brood comb.
Some of it is that they don't like you deciding their cell sizes etc. They will build their own comb with much more enthusiasm than they will build foundation. So they try to avoid building on the foundation. One solution is to stop using foundation and go foundationless. Another is to get foundation that is closer to what they wanted to build. 5.4mm standard foundation is much larger than typical natural worker brood comb. 4.9mm is closer.
They usually don't like plastic much. The solution to getting them to draw it is to give it to them when they need to draw comb. Don't give them wax foundation mixed with plastic foundation or they will ignore the plastic and draw the wax. Buy the wax coated plastic so they will accept it better. Spray some syrup on it or syrup with essential oils like Honey Bee Healthy, to cover the smell of the plastic. Once they've licked it clean they tend to accept it better.
Sometimes they will still mess it up.
Used equipment has been a controversial subject for more than a century. AFB (American Foulbrood) is still an issue but used to be an even bigger issue. The only real concern about used equipment is AFB. AFB spores live virtually forever (longer than us anyway) and infected equipment is probably one of the contributing factors to getting AFB. Many people with AFB just burn the equipment. Some scorch it. Some boil it in lye. Some "fry" it in paraffin and gum rosin.
So the issue usually is that you have at your disposal (either free or cheap) used equipment. Cleaning up from mice isn't too complicated. Just leave it out in the rain until it smells ok. Cleaning up from wax moths is just cutting out the webs (which are hard for the bees to remove) and scraping off the cocoons. If combs are dry and brittle, let the bees fix them, they will be fine. If they are dusty, the bees will clean them up. The real risk is AFB. If you have old brood comb, I would look for scale in the bottom of the cells which would indicate AFB. If there is scale, you'll have to take the threat of AFB pretty serious. Some would just burn at that point. So, assuming you find no scale then what do you do? I can't tell you what to do as it is always a risk and if you get AFB I don't want you blaming me. But I'll tell you what I do. I've always gotten mine from sources I believed to be honest, usually very cheap or free and just used the equipment with nothing done to it. I've never gotten AFB in my hives.
Now that I'm dipping my equipment, I would dip any used equipment, since I have the wherewithal.
The problem with answering this question is that it will depend on your
location. There is a big difference in the issues faced by a beekeeper in South
Georgia or Southern California, compared to one in Northern Minnesota or
Anchorage Alaska.
So I can only give a generalization and call on my own experience in the
middle of the country. I'm in Southeast Nebraska and used to be in Western
Nebraska and the front range of the Rockies. So this advice is pretty useful
in that range of climates.
Reduce the space. There is no reason to have extra empty space in a hive in
the winter in the North. Any box that is empty combs or foundation I would
pull off for the winter.
Block the mice. Mice can devastate a hive. Make sure if you have bottom
entrances that you have mouseguards on. A piece of #4 hardware cloth works
well for this.
Remove excluders. If you use excluders they need to be off before winter
sets in. A queen can get stuck on the other side of the excluder and die in
cold weather.
Make sure you have some kind of top entrance. I like all top entrances and
no bottom entrances, but regardless you need at least a small one for release
of moist air so you don't get condensation on the lid and so the bees can get
out when the snow is deep or there are too many dead bees on the bottom board.
Commonly people ask if the heat won't all escape. Heat is seldom the issue it's
the condensation dripping on the bees that usually kills bees in winter.
Make sure they have enough stores. In my part of the country with Italian
bees you need the hive to weigh about 150 pounds for good insurance for the
winter. They probably will get by on 100 pounds, but they could also burn
through that in the spring rearing brood and come up short. Any less than
100 pounds would worry me a lot. The time to feed is when the weather is
still warm as they won't take syrup after it gets cold. Once you hit the
target weight there is no need to feed anymore. Usually a 150 pound hive
around here is two deep ten frame boxes, or three medium ten frame boxes or
four medium eight frame boxes, mostly full of honey.
I have only wrapped once and was not favorably impressed, but if it's the norm
for beekeepers where you live you might want to consider it. The normal wrap
is 15# roofing felt as it provides some heat gain on sunny days. I found this
sealed in too much moisture. Other wraps are wax impregnated cardboard that
leaves an airspace around the hive. This seems like a wiser choice for the
moisture issue.
Avoid the temptation to think that heating a normal strong hive is helpful.
It's really not. Thick insulation is not either. Don't move them indoors,
they need to fly. Don't pile bales of straw around as it will just attract
the mice. A wind break is nice if you can provide one.
According to Brother Adam he had bees he knew flew five miles or more to
gather Heather nectar. According to Huber, he marked workers, took them
different distances and released them and looked for them to turn back up at
the hive. He said they always found their way back when they
were 1 1/2 miles from the hive, but
past that they didn't. He also says, and it makes sense, that it would depend
on the foraging available. It also seems to vary by bee size. Brother Adam
says his native Apis Mellifera mellifera, which were smaller, flew the five
miles to get the Heather, but the Italians he replaced them with, which were
larger, would not. Dee Lusby says her small cell bees, after regression,
came back with totally different pollens than before and that based on the
blooms and the spread of flora that depend on pollination she's confident that
the small cell bees forage much further than the large cell bees. This
would be consistent with Brother Adam's observations.
I don't think anyone really knows. They fly to DCAs (Drone Congregation Areas)
and there are certain topographical clues they look for as well as pheromone
trails in order to find one. DCAs are usually at a place where a tree row
meets a tree row. The research seems to show that drones fly to the nearest
DCA. The location, being dependant on the terrain and the amount of other
hives nearby, the distance is hard to predict. Most of the scientists,
however, say they fly, on the average, a shorter distance than the queens.
As with many questions with bees, it's such a variable thing to start with;
it's hard to say. According to Jay Smith, who tried an island for his mating
yard, and he says the queens flew at least as far as two miles. Some estimates
I've seen are as much as four or five miles. But I've also heard beekeepers
who say they've seen matings (as evidenced by drone comets and the queen
returning to the mating nuc) that occurred right in the beeyard.
The problem with this question is it assumes the bees will stay on the 1 acre.
They will forage the surrounding 8,000 acres.
This is a difficult question to have a distinct answer to. Even in a given
place it varies from year to year depending on the nectar flow which depends
on the timing of the rain and the early and late frosts. In a place with
really good forage (like the middle of 8,000 acres of sweet clover) it may be
almost impossible to have too many hives there during a flow. But in general
most rural locations in areas where there are the typical farm crops of corn,
beans, alfalfa etc. about 20 hives in one place is usually the economic
threshold where after that the competition will cost you honey. Try
increasing the number of hives gradually until you see too much competition
and honey crops decreasing.
The standard answer is two. I'll say two to four. Less than two and you
don't have resources to resolve typical beekeeping issues like queenlessness,
suspected queenlessness, laying workers etc. More than four is a bit much for
a beginning beekeeper to keep up with.
Some years 200 pounds. Some years they will eat 200 pounds of sugar and
make nothing. Most likely, most years it will be somewhere in between. It
is impossible to say.
"Where should I put my hive?" The problem is there isn't a simple answer.
But in a list of decreasing importance I would pick these criteria with a willingness to sacrifice the less important ones altogether if they don't work out:
Safety. It's essential to have the hive where they are not a threat to animals who are chained or penned up and can't flee if they are attacked, or where they are likely to be a threat to passerbys who don't know there are hives there. If the hive is going to be close to a path that people walk you need to have a fence or something to get the bees up over the people's heads. For the safety of the bees they should be where cattle won't rub on them and knock them over, horses won't knock them over and bears can't get to them.
Convenient access. It's essential to have the hive where the beekeeper
can drive right up to it. Carrying full supers that could weigh from 90 pounds
(deep) down to 48 pounds (eight frame medium) any distance is too much work.
The same for bringing beekeeping equipment and feed to the hives. You may have
to feed as much as 50 pounds or more of syrup to each hive and carrying it any
distance is not practical. Also you will learn a lot more about bees with a
hive in your backyard than a hive 20 miles away at a friend's house. Also a
yard a mile or two from home will get much better care than one 60 miles from
Good forage. If you have a lot of options, then go for a place with lots of forage. Sweet clover, alfalfa being grown for seed, tulip poplars etc. can make the difference between bumper crops of 200 pounds or more of honey per hive and barely scraping a living. But keep in mind the bees will not only be foraging the space you own, they will be foraging the 8,000 acres around the hives.
Not in your way. I think it's important the hive does not interfere with anyone's life much. In other words, don't put it right next to a well used path where, in a dearth and in a bad mood, the bees may harass or sting someone or anywhere else where you are likely to wish they weren't there.
Full sun. I find hives in full sun have fewer problems with diseases and pests and make more honey. All things being equal, I'd go for full sun. The only advantage to putting them in the shade is that you get to work them in the shade.
Out of the wind. It's nice to have them where the cold winter wind doesn't blow on them so hard and the wind is less likely to blow them over or blow off the lids. This isn't my number one requirement, but if a place is available that has a windbreak it's nice. This usually precludes putting them at the very top of a hill.
Not in a low-lying area. I don't care if they are somewhere in the middle, but I'd rather not have them where the dew and the fog and the cold settle and I really don't want them where I have to move them if there's a threat of a flood.
If you live in a very hot climate, mid afternoon shade might be a nice to have, but I wouldn't lose sleep over it.
In the end, bees are very adaptable. They really don't care, so make sure it's convenient for you, and if it's not too hard to provide, try to meet some of the other criteria. It's doubtful you'll have a place that meets all of the criteria listed above.
Beekeepers always seems to want to know what to plant for their bees. Just
make sure you understand that your bees will not just work the flowers on your land. They will be foraging a 2 mile radius which is 8,000 acres. It's difficult, unless you own that 8,000 acres, to plant enough to make a crop. But it's not hard to plant things that will fill out the year for the bees. The times of need in the hives is early (February to April), late (September to the killing frost) and during drought (which is usually mid summer around here and requires plants that will bloom when there is little rain). So I would focus on plants to fill those gaps. A variety of honey plants in general will tend to fill more gaps than focusing on only one or two plants. It certainly doesn't hurt to plant some sweet clover (both yellow and white as they bloom at different times) and some white Dutch clover and some birdsfoot trefoil and some borage and some anise hyssop and some tulip poplars and some black locust, but these don't tend to fill those early and late gaps, but do tend to make some honey and MAY fill a gap. Early plants that provide pollen are red maples, pussy willows, elms, crocuses, redbud, wild plums, choke cherries and other fruit trees. Dandelions are always good to have around. You can pick the dried heads from people whose lawns are full of them. Just pluck them and put them in a grocery sack and take them home and scatter them. Chicory and goldenrod often bloom in a drought and will bloom usually from about July until a killing frost. Asters are a good late blooming plant. The main thing to keep in mind, though, is that you're just trying to fill the gaps, not trying to create a crop.
The use of queen excluders has been controversial among beekeepers since the
early days of their existence. I quit using them very early in my beekeeping.
The bees did not want to go through them and they did not want to work the supers on the other side of them. They seemed very unnatural and constraining to me. I think they are handy to have around for things like queen rearing or a desperate attempt to find a queen, but I don't commonly use them.
The reasoning for using them:
The queen will be easier to find if I can narrow down the area I have to look. But I find the area I have to look is pretty narrow. I seldom find her other than where the highest concentration of bees is and that usually narrows it to a few frames. But this is a good reason if you need to find the queen often. In queen rearing this can be once a week or so and a queen excluder can save you some time.
Preventing brood in the supers. The only reasons I've seen a queen lay in the supers are, that she ran out of room in the brood nest, therefore she would have swarmed if she couldn't, or she wanted room to lay drones and there is no drone comb in the brood nest. If you don't want brood in the supers, give them some drone comb in the brood nest and you will have made great strides in this regard. Also, if you use all the same size box, you'll have no problem IF she lays in the "supers" putting those frames back down in the brood nest, and if you use no chemicals, you can steal a frame of honey from there to fill out your super.
If you want to use them
If you want to use an excluder, remember you have to get the bees going through it. Using all the same sized boxes, again, will help in this regard as you can put a couple of frames of open brood above the excluder (being careful not to get the queen of course) and get them going through the excluder. When they are working the super you can put them back down in the brood nest. Another option (especially if you don't have the same sized boxes) is to leave out the excluder until they are working the first super and then put it in (again making sure the queen is below it and the drones have a way out the top somewhere).
"Beginning beekeepers should not attempt to use queen excluders to prevent brood in supers. However they probably should have one excluder on hand to use as an aide in either finding the queen or restricting her access to frames that the beekeeper must want to move elsewhere" -The How-To-Do-It book of Beekeeping, Richard Taylor
The question comes up all the time on beekeeping forums: "Are my bees
queenless?" The symptoms leading to this question vary greatly and the
time of year for the question varies greatly, but it is a very important
question to get an answer to and is sometimes remarkably more complex that
it appears.
The most likely cause for the question is a lack of eggs and brood. Many
beginning beekeepers couldn't find a queen if you marked, her, clipped her
and put her on one frame for them to find her, and even an experienced
beekeeper in a well populated hive on a given day may have trouble finding
one. So not seeing her doesn't prove anything. Not seeing eggs and brood is
an important clue, but it doesn't mean that there is not a queen. It means
there is not a laying queen and has not been one for a while. But there very
well may be a virgin queen that is not laying yet..
The problem is if the new queen flew out to mate and didn't make it back, and the hive is truly queenless, the hive looks the same. No eggs, no brood, not even any capped brood. So how do you answer the question? You give them a frame of brood with eggs and see what they do. If you have a queen cell in a couple of days, then they are queenless. You can either get a queen for them or let them raise that one.
Another problem is when you find a few eggs and a few larvae and they are very scattered. This is sometimes due to laying workers but the bees have still kept up with removing the drone eggs from the worker cells, except for a few. But what if it's a new queen that is just starting to lay? Usually she will lay in a patch and not scattered all over. Laying workers require a lot more effort to deal with.".
Another clue that there probably is a queen who is about to start laying, is to look for a patch of empty cells surrounded by nectar, in the cluster, where they have cleared a spot for her to lay.
A grouchy hive is often a sign they are queenless or a lethargic hive. But you still need to look for eggs and larvae.
The bottom line is that queenlessness is difficult to diagnose definitively. A combination of several of these symptoms (lack of eggs and brood, queenless roar, lethargy or anger) tends to convince me. But only one or two, I give them a frame of open brood with eggs and see what happens.
Of course this illustrates why you need more than one hive.
There are several questions to do with this. One is "how often should I requeen?" Beekeepers have many opinions on this ranging from twice a year to never. I tend to let them requeen themselves, but then I have a handle on swarming and I do requeen if they are too defensive or are not doing well.
The second question is "how do I requeen?" This may involve several questions such as "what do I do if I can't find the old queen?" or "how do I know they will accept the new queen?"
I have not had good luck releasing a queen if they have a queen. About the only way to do this is if you raise your own queens and you introduce a cell or a virgin queen with a lot of smoke to cover her appearance in the hive. That way it is more likely to be perceived as a supersedure by the bees. Otherwise you need to remove the old queen in order to introduce a new laying queen. If you absolutely can't find the old queen and you absolutely think you need to introduce the new one, I'd use a push in cage. All in all it's the most reliable method anyway.
A standard candy release usually works fine if there aren't any complications (such as laying workers, angry hive, already rejected a queen, been queenless a long time, can't find the old queen etc.). This is where you uncork the candy end of the cage, (or in the case of the California cages, you add the plastic tube that has the candy in it) and you put the cage in the hive and wait for the bees to eat the candy and release the queen. It is advantageous to acceptance to release the attendants in the queen cage, but if you are a beginner you may find that intimidating. A Queen Muff (from Brushy Mt.) will help much in this as you can do all of your manipulations in a situation where the queen can't fly off on you. If you catch the queen and put her head in the cage she will usually run back in.
This is the most reliable release for a laying queen. The concept of this is to give the queen some newly emerged attendants, who will accept her since they have never had any other queen, some food and a place to lay. Once she is a laying queen with attendants the hive will usually accept her without protest.
Making a Push In Cage
Most people make these about 4 inches square (10 cm). I prefer to make them bigger. The larger they are the easier it is to get some honey (so she doesn't starve) some open cells (so she has a place to lay) and some emerging brood (so she has attendants). I like mine about 5 by 10 inches (12.5cm by 25cm). Cut some #8 hardware cloth (8 wires to an inch or 1/8" wire cloth) 6 1/2" by 11 1/2" (about 16cm by 29cm). Pull off the first three wires all the way around leaving 3/8" wires sticking out with no cross wires. This is to push into the comb so that the bees can't get under easily. Now come in 3/4" from the corners (three more wires) and make a cut 3/4" in (3 more wires) on all four corners. It really doesn't matter from which direction, but you're going to fold it around the corner. Fold the 3/4" edge over. A board or the sharp edge of a table is helpful in doing this. Fold the 3/4" corners over. You now have a box with no bottom that is 3/4 inch tall and 5 by 10 inches.
Using a Push in Cage
Find a comb with emerging brood. This comb is bees who are fuzzy and struggling to get out of a cell they have just chewed open. A bee with its head sticking out of a cell is emerging brood. A bee with its behind sticking out of a cell is a nurse bee feeding a larvae or a house bee cleaning a cell. Shake (if the comb is strong enough) or brush all of the bees off of the comb. Release the queen on one side of the comb where there is emerging brood and some open honey. Put the cage over her so that it has both honey and emerging brood in it. Some open cells are nice too. Push the cage into the comb. It should stick up about 3/8" above the comb to make room for the queen to move around. Make room in the hive for this frame plus the 3/8". Some will have enough space and some will have to have a frame removed, but you need to have the frame with the push in cage and then 3/8" space between the cage and the comb on the next frame so that bees have access to the cage to meet the queen and feed them if they like. Come back in four days and release the queen by removing the cage.
If you need to keep queens that come in cages with attendants and candy, you can minimize the stress by keeping them in a cool (like 70 F) dark (like a closet) quiet (like a closet or the basement) place and give them a drop of water everyday so they can digest the candy and they will usually keep for a couple of weeks if they weren't too stressed to start with and the attendants are healthy. Give them a drop as soon as you receive them and one a day after that. If the candy looks like it will run out, you might have to give them a drop of honey and a drop of water every day. If all the attendants are dead they will need new attendants.
Obviously if there was a "right" answer, there would only be one kind of foundation. The reason there is not is that beekeepers have different preferences and different philosophies and different experiences.
Let's get a little terminology out of the way. With wax, about the only thicknesses I see available now are "Medium Brood", "Surplus" and "Thin Surplus". "Medium Brood" does NOT mean it goes in medium frames. It means it is of medium thickness. Surplus is thin and "Thin Surplus" is even thinner. Surplus is for comb honey.
Brood foundation.
The thing the bees like the most, is no foundation. Foundationless frames are the best accepted, and the most natural. They have many advantages from the Varroa control of smaller cells, to being able to cut out queen cells from a comb without worrying about hitting a wire or having plastic in the middle of the comb stop you.
The thing the bees like next, is wax foundation. They can rework it to what they want. But the closer it is to what they want the better it will be accepted. I'd say, with unregressed ("normal") bees 5.1mm would be the best accepted, as that seems to be what they want to build. Dadant sells this. 4.9mm would be next and 5.4mm last. But I want the 4.9mm for the Varroa control aspect. So one aspect of foundation is the material (wax or plastic) and another is the size of the cell.
The other issue with wax foundation is reinforcement. DuraComb and DuraGilt have a smooth plastic core. This works well until the bees strip the wax off to use somewhere else or the wax moths eat down to the plastic. Then the bees won't rebuild on the plastic. Wires are often used in wax foundation. Some foundation comes with vertical wires in it and people use it as is. Some comes with none and some people wire it with horizontal wires. The wires slow down the process of the foundation sagging.
The material the bees seem to like the least and the beekeepers seem to like the most is plastic. The wax moths can't destroy the foundation (although they CAN destroy the comb). The bees can't rework the size very easily. Sizes of plastic vary from 5.4mm down to 4.95mm. It is available as sheets of plastic foundation or fully molded frames with foundation.
Fully drawn comb is also available in plastic. PermaComb (5.0mm equivalent cell size) is available in mediums and Honey Super Cell (4.9mm equivalent cell size) is available in deeps.
Foundation for supers.
The fully drawn comb is certainly an advantage here (once the bees have accepted and used it) as the bees have only to store the nectar and don't have to build any comb. The wax moths can't touch it nor can the small hive beetles.
The various plastic frames and plastic foundation are the same as the ones available for brood, with the additional use by some of drone comb (easier to extract) and Honey Super Cell's 6.0mm cell size with a fake egg in the bottom of the cell. The fake egg supposedly fools the queen so she won't lay in it. The 6.0mm also discourages the queen as it's not quite a drone size (6.6mm) nor a worker size (4.4mm to 5.4mm) so she doesn't like to lay in it.
For comb honey, there is surplus and thin surplus. This is so the comb honey will be easy to chew and not have a thick core in the middle. It is available from most manufactures. Walter T. Kelley has it in 7/11 which, again, is a size the queen doesn't like to lay in so you can forgo the excluder and not get brood in the supers.
Kinds of frames.
There are different kinds of frames and many of the foundations were planned to be used in one or the other of them. You can usually adapt either way, but you may want to take this into account when ordering frames and when ordering foundations.
Top bars come in grooved, wedge, and split (split is available from Walter T. Kelley). The grooved are usually used with plastic or with a wax tube fastener. I prefer them to the wedge. I can attach a lot more foundation a lot more reliably (so that it doesn't fall out) with a wax tube fastener than a wedge. The wedge type has a cleat that breaks off and is nailed into the frame to hold the foundation. The split is usually used for comb honey. The foundation is just dropped down into the split onto a solid bottom bar and put in the hive without nailing at all.
Bottom bars come in split, grooved and solid. I prefer solid, as the wax moths won't get into them. But your foundation may not fit with a solid bottom bar (depending on what you buy). The split ones are not very strong and always seem to break the first time I try to clean them up and put new foundation in them. Grooved are usually used for plastic so that the plastic foundation snaps into the frame.
Plastic one-piece frames. These eliminate all the issues, other than acceptance and cutting out queen cells. No frames to build. The foundation obviously fits since it's already in there. If you buy Mann Lake PF-120s (medium depth) or PF-100s (deep depth) they are 4.95mm cell size so you get the advantage of small cell. They are cheap (in large lots they are $1 each last I saw). There is no wiring to do and they are well accepted by the bees.
An inner cover was invented to create an air space to cut down on condensation on the cover. The original ones were made of cloth but over time the wooden ones took over. In the North the problem with winter is condensation and most of that is on the lid. The warm moist air from the cluster hits the cold lid, condenses and drips down on the cluster. An inner cover was designed to prevent this. Over the years, many other uses have been found for them. You can put an inverted jar over the hole to feed. You can put wet (just harvested and extracted) supers over them to get the bees to clean them up. You can put a porter bee escape in the hole to get the bees out of a super (I've never had much luck with this). You can double screen the hole and use it between a nuc above and a hive below in the spring or fall to help the nuc stay warm. (This has not worked well for me in the winter due to condensation).
Can I not use an inner cover?
If you use migratory covers, you won't need one and probably don't want one. If you use a telescopic cover it will keep the cover from getting glued down with propolis. It's difficult to remove a telescopic cover that is propolized down to the box with no inner cover as there is no where to get your hive tool in to pry it apart. If you have a telescopic cover, I recommend you use the inner cover. If you live in the north and want to use migratory covers, make sure there is some kind of top entrance (you can cut a notch in the cover to make one. See Brushy Mt. migratory covers for an example) and put some Styrofoam on top of the lid with a brick on top of the Styrofoam. The Styrofoam will keep the lid from being as cold and the vent at the top (through the notch) will allow the moist air out.
Smells are always best investigated. They are very subjective and therefore it's best for you to see it for yourself to associate that smell with that occurrence. The most common smell that people get worried about is the smell of goldenrod honey ripening. This happens sometimes between summer and fall. To me, it smells like old gym socks. Some people say it smells like butterscotch. Most people think it smells sour.
Some people hate the taste of goldenrod honey. Once it's ripe, though, it does not smell like gym socks anymore and, in my opinion, is quite tasty. But I like strong flavored honey. Some people will pay a premium. I hardly ever get any, though, as I leave it for the bees for winter feed unless they get a bumper crop.
If you smell the smell of rotting meat, I would investigate. Sometimes you have piles of dead bees from a pesticide kill or robbing. Sometimes you have a brood disease. It's worth investigating to see what the cause is.
All of them. Read every beekeeping book you can get your hands on. But my favorites are the old ABC XYZ of Bee Culture, Langstroth's Hive and the Honey Bee and the ones that I've posted on my classic bee books page. In addition if you're past all the beekeeping books and want to know even more, all of Eva Crane's books are fascinating.
For a beginner's book for beekeeping, Backyard Beekeeping by Kim Flottom is very good and simple.
There has been much speculation by beekeepers for many centuries on this. I suppose at the turn of the 19th to the 20th century there was probably the most agreement. Italians were pretty much what everyone wanted. Now there are just as many who want Carniolans or Caucasians or Buckfasts or Russians. I see more variation from hive to hive than race to race. I'd say the best breeds of bees are the ones that are surviving around you. That's what I'm raising.
But if you want to buy some queens, the issues are how well they do in your climate (for instance Italians are probably better adapted to the South and Carniolans are better adapted to the North), and health (hygienic behavior, tracheal mite resistance, Varroa mite resistance etc.).
Another panicked posting several times a year will involve a lot of bees flying. This is usually interpreted by the new beekeeper as either a swarm or robbing. A swarm does put a lot of bees in the air, but in this case they are just hovering around the hive. If the bees seem happy and organized and not frantic and fighting on the landing board, and especially if it's short-lived and on a sunny afternoon, then it's probably just young bees orienting for the first time. Look for signs of wrestling or fighting on the landing board to rule out robbing. If there are no signs of robbing, this is the sign of a healthy hive. If the hovering bees seem to be leaving a trail of bees as they fly off, then it's probably a swarm gathering in one of your trees.
Typically beekeepers call this bearding because it often looks like the hive has a beard. Causes are heat, congestion and lack of ventilation. Make sure they have room and ventilation and don't worry about it.
Bees bearding is like people sweating. It's what bees do when they are hot.
It's good to cover the bases and then accept it. If you were sweating you'd take what steps were reasonable (turn on the fan, open the window, take off your sweater, drink lots of water) and then you'd accept that it's just hot.
With the bees, make sure they have top and bottom ventilation, (open the bottom entrance, remove the tray if you have a SBB, prop open the top box, slide a super back to make a gap) make sure they have enough room (put supers on as needed) and don't worry about it. Bearding is not proof they are about to swarm. It's proof they are hot. I think lack of ventilation contributes to an "overcrowding swarm" but it's not the only cause and it's nothing to be concerned about if you've taken care of the bees having ventilation and room.
A few times a year some new beekeeper wants to know what the bees are doing line dancing (rhythmically swaying) on the landing board. This is called "washboarding" and actually no one knows why they do it, but they do. Personally I think it's a social dance. Perhaps even a thanksgiving dance.
The problem with an electric one is that the bees will find themselves fighting the ventilator. The bees have a very efficient cooling system already. I think you're much better off to just give them some ventilation top and bottom and let them control it.
__________________________________
Michael Bush
Bush Bees Home
<|endofexample|>
Caught Off Camera: Chris Matthews Courts Tom DeLay (click on 2nd above)
censure
impeach
volunteers:.
The last time W. began wringing his hands about our addiction to oil — in the State of the Union address — the vice president was dismissive about the notion of sacrifice afterward. And the energy secretary clarified the president's words, saying they shouldn't be taken literally and that the idea of replacing Middle East oil imports with alternative fuels was "purely an example." Even if W. shows up on TV in a gray cardigan, it's patently preposterous for the Republicans to make this argument, after selling us on the idea that it's our manifest destiny to get into giant cars and go to giant Wal-Marts and giant Targets and buy more giant bags of stuff. Now they're telling us to squeeze into tiny electric cars and compete for precious drips of oil with the Chinese and Indians who are swimming in enough of our dollars to afford cars.
The U.S. could have begun developing alternative fuels 30 years ago if Dick Cheney hadn't helped scuttle an ambitious plan in the Ford administration..........
Right now, forensic analysis seems to say that the U.S. trade position is worse, not better, than it looks. And the answer to the question, "Why haven't we paid a price for our trade deficit?" is, just you wait.
--more.”
Odom, now a Yale professor and Hudson Institute senior fellow, was director of the sprawling NSA (which monitors all communications) from 1985-88 under Reagan, and previously was Zbigniew Brzezinski’s assistant under Carter. His latest 2004 book is America’s Inadvertent Empire.
Even if the invasion had gone well, Odom says it wouldn’t have mattered: “The invasion wasn’t in our interests, it was in Iran’s interest, Al Qaida’s interest. Seeing America invade must have made Iranian leaders ecstatic. Iran’s hostility to Saddam was hard to exaggerate.. Iraq is now open to Al Qaida, which it never was before- it’s easier for terrorists to kill Americans there than in the US.. Neither our leaders or the mainstream media recognize the perversity of key US policies now begetting outcomes they were designed to prevent… 3 years later the US is bogged down in Iraq, pretending a Constitution has been put in place, while the civil war rages, Iran meddles, and Al Qaida swells its ranks with new recruits.. We have lost our capacity to lead and are in a state of crisis- diplomatic and military.”
Odom believes in an immediate phased withdrawal. “There isn’t anything we can do by staying there longer that will make this come out better. Every day we stay in, it gets worse and the price gets higher.” He decried the “sophomoric and silly” titled war on terrorism. , ‘Catholic Christian IRA hitmen’?
The hypocrisy is deeper than this. By any measure the US has long used terrorism. In ‘78-79 the Senate was trying to pass a law against international terrorism- in every version they produced, the lawyers said the US would be in violation.”...
- when this attack comes -- either as a stand-alone "knock-out blow" or as the precursor to a full-scale, regime-changing invasion, like the earlier aggression in Iraq -- there will be no warning, no declaration of war, no congressional hearings, no public debate. The already-issued orders governing the operation put the decision solely in the hands of the president. He picks up the phone, he says, "Go," and in 12 hours' time, up to 1 million Iranians will be dead.
 Mr. Bush's approval at only 33 percent. According to the polling firm Survey USA, there are only four states in which significantly more people approve of Mr. Bush's performance than disapprove: Utah, Idaho, Wyoming and Nebraska. If we define red states as states where the public supports Mr. Bush, Red America now has a smaller population than New York City. The proximate causes of Mr. Bush's plunge in the polls are familiar: the heck of a job he did responding to Katrina, the prescription drug debacle and, above all, the quagmire in Iraq.
But focusing too much on these proximate causes makes Mr. Bush's political fall from grace seem like an accident, or the result of specific missteps. That gets things backward. In fact, Mr. Bush's temporarily sky-high approval ratings were the aberration; the public never supported his real policy agenda....That's not a prediction for the midterm elections. The Democrats will almost surely make gains, but the electoral system is rigged against them. The fewer than eight million residents of what's left of Red America are represented by eight U.S. senators; the more than eight million residents of New York City have to share two senators with the rest of New York State..... But even if the Republicans hang on to their ability to stonewall, it's hard to see how they can resurrect their agenda.... --more.
...Some would prefer, when explaining American actions overseas, to point a finger at the domestic "energy lobby." Others might blame the influence of Wilsonian idealism, or imperial practices left over from the cold war. But that a powerful Israel lobby exists could hardly be denied by anyone who knows how Washington works. Its core is the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, its penumbra a variety of national Jewish organizations. Does the Israel Lobby affect our foreign policy choices? Of course — that is one of its goals. And it has been rather successful: Israel is the largest recipient of American foreign aid and American responses to Israeli behavior have been overwhelmingly uncritical or supportive....
The essay and the issues it raises for American foreign policy have been prominently dissected and discussed overseas. In America, however, it's been another story: virtual silence in the mainstream media. Why? There are several plausible explanations. One is that a relatively obscure academic paper is of little concern to general-interest readers. Another is that claims about disproportionate Jewish public influence are hardly original — and debate over them inevitably attracts interest from the political extremes. And then there is the view that Washington is anyway awash in "lobbies" of this sort, pressuring policymakers and distorting their choices. Each. How are we to explain the fact that it is in Israel itself that the uncomfortable issues raised by Professors Mearsheimer and Walt have been most thoroughly aired?...
The damage that is done by America's fear of anti-Semitism when discussing Israel is threefold. It is bad for Jews: anti-Semitism is real enough (I know something about it, growing up Jewish in 1950's Britain), but for just that reason it should not be confused with political criticisms of Israel or its American supporters. It is bad for Israel: by guaranteeing it unconditional support, Americans encourage Israel to act heedless of consequences. The Israeli journalist Tom Segev described the Mearsheimer-Walt essay as "arrogant" but also acknowledged ruefully: "They are right. Had the United States saved Israel from itself, life today would be better ...the Israel Lobby in the United States harms Israel's true interests." BUT above all, self-censorship is bad for the United States itself. Americans are denying themselves participation in a fast-moving international conversation. Daniel Levy (a former Israeli peace negotiator) wrote in Haaretz that the Mearsheimer-Walt essay should be a wake-up call, a reminder of the damage the Israel lobby is doing to both nations...
*"Lower prices to consumers" assumes that lower wage costs are passed on to the consumer, which they are not, for various reasons, one being the wages and retirement packages being given to CEOs. --Politex
--more, [Sec. of Defense Rumsfeld]... -.". Lee Raymond [.
But the fake research works for its sponsors, partly because it gets picked up by right-wing pundits, but mainly because it plays perfectly into the he-said-she-said conventions of "balanced" journalism. A 2003 study, by Maxwell Boykoff and Jules Boykoff, of reporting on global warming in major newspapers found that a majority of reports gave the skeptics — a few dozen people, many if not most receiving direct or indirect financial support from Exxon Mobil — roughly the same amount of attention as the scientific consensus, supported by thousands of independent researchers....
-....
--more?..)....
--more.
- felt in your wallet immediately. If you buy the same item on a credit card, unless you are using accrual accounting, it is disguised until the bill arrives. The U.S. government has been running up bills -- notably the promises of pensions and health-care benefits for military veterans and millions of other retirees -- without putting the obligations on the books.
That is what is really scary about the financial report. It contains page after page of graphs showing the probable future course of income and expenditures for Social Security and Medicare. In each chart, the dotted line for spending climbs far faster than the solid line for revenue. Beginning a decade from now, the shortfalls explode in what Cooper calls "a perfect storm" of fiscal ruin.."
Walker, who has been traveling the country trying to spread the alarm, said flatly that if the tax cuts now in effect are made permanent, as President Bush is requesting, and spending continues to rise at the current rate, "the system blows up. More than half our debt is now financed by foreign countries, and they will exact a price." Digging out of this mess "will take 20 years," Walker said, but the first step is simply to reassert the budget controls -- spending caps and a "pay-go" rule that requires offsets for any new tax cuts or spending increases.
The Republicans who let those lapse in 2002 refused once again this year to put them back in the budget resolution....:...
-....
George Whitty, Nyack, N.Y.: To what extent do you believe Iran's declared plans to open an oil exchange denominated in euros this spring factors into the Bush administration's plans for war there? And to what extent do you believe that Iraq's efforts in a.....
--more?
-.
"The president believes the leaking of classified information is a very serious matter," Scott McClellan said. ." And thank goodness we have a White House that gets that distinction. Democrats who don't, he sniffed, are guilty of "crass politics."....
--more aren't saying, "Gosh, I'd like to go to Missouri, but...too.
...Now - now I know George Bush says Jesus Christ changed his heart. But believe me, Dick Cheney changed it back....
--more
When the Bush Administration keeps hauling out its "we-didn't-know-nothin'" spin -- about Katrina, 9/11, Iraq, torture -- in effect they're using incompetence as their defense. How can you try to censure or impeach us, they're saying, when we didn't know what was happening, what to do or how to do it?
Their incompetence by this time has been well-documented and par for the Bush course. But, as the evidence demonstrates, in each of those cases they knew a lot more than they let on, having received adequate warnings of the scenarios that were about to unfold.
They knew the levees might well be breached in New Orleans and did nothing; more than 1000 died. They knew a major al Qaida attack was coming in late-Summer 2001, probably by air and aimed at icon American targets in New York and Washington, and did nothing; nearly 3000 died. They knew their own advisers had alerted them that Saddam had no WMD and no connection to the 9/11 attacks, but they went ahead anyway and lied the Congress and American people into Iraq; tens of thousands of U.S. troops and Iraqi civilians have died and are continuing to do so. They knew, because they had approved the "harsh" interrogation methods, that tortures were being carried out on prisoners in U.S. care, but they did nothing (until photos leaked to the press); more than 100 detainees have died, and many thousands more have been brutalized and/or humiliated. They knew that eavesdropping on American citizens was illegal without court-sanctioned warrants, but they went ahead anyway, convinced nobody would ever learn of their law-breaking.
All of that is reprehensible, and will be added to the list of charges for the eventual impeachment hearings of Bush and Cheney, and/or to the criminal trials of those two and their subordinates. But what I propose to talk about here are not specifics of the high crimes, misdemeanors and thorough-going bunglings. To do that is to focus on the trees while ignoring the forest; we need to go deeper and find out who planted the seeds....
-:...
--more
Tom's speech was jam-packed with some gems.
His withdrawal he blamed on the Dems.
It seems Streisand and Moore
Forced him out the House door.
Has the Bugman been sniffing his che...'
--more
Last month Mr. Falwell issued a statement explaining that, in his view, Jews can't go to heaven unless they convert to Christianity.... [and John McCain] accordingly.....Working Americans have always known this simple equation: More workers, lower wages. Fewer workers, higher wages.....
-offs. Then put the CEO of that corporation in prison for two or more years for violating the law against hiring illegal workers.......
Got it? You can also imprison the corporate official who actually hired the illegal and, just to make sure, put some Betty Sue Billups—housewife, preferably one with blond? --Molly Ivins
Dead Family: Children of Abraham: U.S. Troops Raid Iraqi House
What happened in the village of Abu Sifa, in the rural Al-Isahaqi district north of Baghdad, on figures (women, according to the villagers), and five children – all of them apparently under the age of five, one as young as seven months – were pulled from the rubble of the house and laid out for burial beneath the bright, blank desert sky....
--more.
<|endofexample|>
IQMS EnterpriseIQ Manufacturing ERP Review
Product Snapshot
Technology
On-premise; typical deployment is Oracle database with Windows-based PCs or Windows-based server platform
Customer Focus
Mid to Global-sized Manufacturing: General, Automotive, Medical, Plastics, Rubber, Packaging, Stamping, Assembly, Consumer Products and Repetitive
Select Customers
Wisconsin Plastics, Sturgis Molded Products, Steinwall Scientific, Mar-Bal, Load Trail, ArcoTech Plastics Group, Edlund Company, Glazpart
Customer Success Stories
Wisconsin Plastics, Sturgis Molded Products, Steinwall Scientific
About.
About IQMS.
IQMS EnterpriseIQ Manufacturing ERP Key Features
- Real-Time Manufacturing Monitoring and Data Collection
- MPS (Master Production Schedule)
- Multi-Site Manufacturing Management
- Preventative Maintenance Monitoring
- Shop Floor Control
- Advanced Planning and Scheduling
- Production Reporting and OEE
- Capable to Promise functionality
- Statistical Process Control
- Inventory/Warehouse Tracking and Traceability
- Vendor-Managed Inventories
- Quality and Compliance Management
- Business Intelligence, Dashboarding, Forecasting
- Project & Tooling Maintenance Planning
- JobShop Management
- Capacity, Labor and Material Requirements Planning (MRP)
- Document Control
- Barcodes, Labeling
- Manufacturing Work Orders
- Multi-level Bills of Material
- Activity Monitoring and Exception/Notification System
- Inter-Company Transactions
- Outsource Oversight
- Customer, Supplier and Partner Support Management. Record and review all notes, calls, emails, meetings, tasks and more
- Easy-access histories for sales, purchase, shipping and support
- Knowledgebase capabilities for consistent workflows and quick employee training
- Interdepartmental customer info sharing
- Link, click and quickly dive into Inventory Items, BOMs, Order Management, Shipping Management , Invoices, POs, BOLs, RMAs, Corrective Actions, PLM, etc.
- Alert-enabled calendaring
- Marketing campaign management tools
- PDA, Tablet PC, and Smartphone Enabled
- Create workflows with exceptions for maximum automation
- Industry-specific compatibility for practices like AIAG
- Multiple file format support for ANSI X.12, Odette, XML, EDIFACT, CSV, VDA, flat-file and more
- Works with any VAN or Web-based communication
- FTP
- Dell – Servers
- Motorola – Scanners
- Setra – Scales
- Zebra – Barcode Printers
- ELO – Touch Screen Monitors and Computers
- Corrective Action Request (CAR/CAPA)
- Lot and serial number tracking and traceability
- Supplier performance rating system
- Master specification tracking
- Statistical Process Control (SPC)
- Device History Record and PLM
- Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP/PQ)
- Business activity monitoring
- Customer and supplier RMA
- Complete audit trails
- Roles-based user security
- Inventory inspections
- Reject & scrap tracking and analysis
- Document linking and tracking
- Non-conform and non-allocate inventory
- Certificates of conformance
- Receiving inspections
- KPI and Metric Reporting
- Inventory Management
- Demand Planning
- Order Management
- EDI/eCommerce
- Vendor & Outsourced Inventory Management
- Capabilities for every inventory transaction including receiving, cycle counting, production and manufacturing entry,adjustments, physical inventory, material backflush, pick tickets, packing slips, intercompany transfers, KanBan cards and more
- Compatible with EDI-based shipping, packaging and distribution requirements and features easy ASN generation
- Real-time integration with scheduling, manufacturing management, and sales
- Real-time updates and reporting of inventory information
- Auto-generation of labels
- Custom functionality configuring by user-defined profiles
IQMS EnterpriseIQ Manufacturing ERP Videos
EnterpriseIQ Android Apps
EnterpriseIQ Android Apps
EnterpriseIQ Assembly Operations
EnterpriseIQ Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
EnterpriseIQ Electronic Data Interchange (EDI)
EnterpriseIQ Forecasting
EnterpriseIQ Outsource Central
EnterpriseIQ Product Lifecycle Management
EnterpriseIQ Preventative Maintenance
EnterpriseIQ Quality
EnterpriseIQ Process Monitoring
EnterpriseIQ Warehouse Management
IQMS: ERP & MES Combined
IQMS: Manufacturing ERP Software
Products Similar to IQMS EnterpriseIQ Manufacturing ERP
cPaperless Tic, Tie, and Calculate
cPaperless CPA SafeMail
Acct1st Client Portal
Acct1st Workflow
Foundation Software Construction Accounting Software
Foundation Software SaaS
Sentinel Hill Software Series 5
Maves ViewPoint Logistics
Track Your Truck NetTrack Web-Based Vehicle Tracking
Go Track Online Vehicle Tracking
White Papers and Demos
White Paper provided by IQMS
Any progressive assembly manufacturer has heard some mention of enterprise resource planning (ERP) software. But what exactly is ERP software and why would it be useful to your business?
White Paper provided by IQMS.
White Paper provided by IQMS.
Related Community Activity
Be the first to answer this question.
Be the first to answer this question.
Be the first to answer this question.
<|endofexample|>
Every contemplating their great “idea” for several years with little discernable progress, and looking for money to start. Talk and time are cheap, but they need to understand that investors judge past results as a good indicator of future expectations. Here are some tips which will signal traction and fundability to investors, as well as to your team:
Document your business plan. It’s hard to build a business without a plan, just like it’s hard to build a house without a blueprint. If you have a product description, that’s necessary, but not sufficient. If you have neither, and choose to approach an investor, you will get no attention, and probably never again get a shot at funding with that investor.
Forcing yourself to write down a plan is actually the only way to make sure you actually have a plan. Make sure your plan answers every relevant question that you could possibly imagine from your business partners, spouse, and potential investors. That means skip the jargon and include explanations and examples.
Set realistic milestones and achieve some. You can’t measure results if you don’t have a yardstick. On the other hand, if your objectives are off the chart, you look bad when you set them, and you look even worse when you miss them. Only written milestones are credible.
Traction means that you have achieved one or more significant milestones, which will give you credibility with investors. Don’t expect them to believe your $100M revenue projection, if you are still waiting for the first revenue dollar. Only real results count.
Attract a well-rounded team. A great business often starts with one person, but it doesn’t end there. If you are strong enough to surround yourself with a strong team, that’s great progress toward success.
A CEO who has “been there and done that” is traction, especially if teamed with a financial lead (CFO) and a product lead (CTO). A team of friends and family that work for free on weekends is not likely to impress investors, unless they ARE your investors.
Build qualified advisory board. If you can convince a couple of domain experts, or a couple of experienced executives to join your board and be your advocate, that’s traction. Investors love to have smart and experienced people in the boat.
Investors are likely to make a few phone calls, so make sure these people really have taken the time and commitment to work with you, and know your business. Ideally, they will have links to distributors you need, or even be investors in your company as well.
Ship a minimum product now. For a true scientist, the product is never good enough, so it’s never done. For a business, you must define the absolute minimum features you need to satisfy the customer problem, and test it in the market. It will be wrong, so count on iterating, but you learn something each time, and that is traction.
By using a laser focused approach for the first iteration, you may actually produce something and get a customer without funding. Now investors will pay attention, since scale-up funding is less risky and has a time frame.
Get a real customer and real revenue. If you give away your product or service to the first 10 customers, that’s a good learning experience, but it’s not real traction. It doesn’t prove your business model of pricing, distribution, and support. Sell one.
Real customers give you real feedback, rather than just tell you what you want to hear. Funding for pre-revenue startups used to be the domain of angel investors, but they have moved up-stage. Without revenue, your investors are largely limited to friends, family and fools.
Register some intellectual property. File a provisional patent, register a trademark, and reserve your company domain names. These are things that can cost very little money, but go a long ways in convincing someone that you are making progress.
Intellectual property is a large element of most early-stage company valuations, and this value determines what percent of the company an investor will expect to get for his money. It’s also the keystone to convincing investors that you have a “sustainable competitive advantage.”
Letters of intent or endorsement. If it’s too early for real customers, a Letter of Intent (LOI) or a written endorsement from a potential big customer is good traction to show potential investors. These show you have the ability to make the connections you need.
Of course, a real contract or purchase order from a big customer is even better. If you have neither, you better have a prospect pipeline, connections to distributors, or partner relationship with a known company to bolster your credibility.
Show personal investment. Investors like to see that you have committed personal funds as well as “sweat equity,” and they like to see real progress at this level. If you haven’t risked anything or used funds effectively, investors won’t let you risk theirs.
A related issue is your apparent commitment to the project. If your startup is an evening hobby for you and some friends, and they all have a full-time day job elsewhere, don’t expect investors to get excited.
Become a visible expert. If your business is a new job site for boomers, you need to establish yourself as the expert on this subject in the press, on social networks, and join related organizations. This is traction that will impress investors, and get you customers.
Other ways to be visible include writing a blog, speaking at local groups, and issuing press releases which are related to the market need rather than the product you are producing. These efforts should be started well before you are ready for funding.
Your objective is to build a business that marches with power and purpose past its goals and objectives. Both your team and potential investors are watching, and if all they see and feel is words and work without progress, it’s easy to conclude that your startup is still a dream and a prayer.
Marty Zwilling
Read more posts on Startup Professionals Musings »
<|endofexample|>
Now that Apple's (AAPL) stock has crashed more than 35% from its peak, most Wall Street analysts are frantically cutting their estimates and reducing their price targets.
Most of them still rate the stock a "buy" so it's not as though everyone has given up and thrown in the towel.
This herd-like analyst behavior often frustrates critics, who complain that Wall Street analysts usually miss big turning points like Apple's.
In the case of Apple, though, a couple of Wall Street analysts were out in front of the stock's collapse. One of them has now upgraded it again, arguing that investors have actually become too negative about the company.
Walter Piecyk of BTIG Research recently upgraded Apple from Neutral to Buy.
Piecyk argues that investors have gotten way too pessimistic about Apple, with some even suggesting that it's the next BlackBerry (BBRY).
To be clear: Piecyk's not sounding the "all clear."
Piecyk thinks Apple will have a lousy first quarter, and will then issue "guidance" for the second quarter that is far below analysts' current estimates. That's bad news, obviously, and some investors will no doubt be startled and disappointed by it. But Piecyk thinks that most institutional investors have already factored this news into their assessments of the stock. And he thinks that, once expectations are reduced, the Apple news will be better from there.
Apple will release a cheap iPhone this year, Piecyk predicts. Apple might also even release an iPhone with a bigger screen. Piecyk also believes that even if these two products have much lower profit margins than Apple's current premium iPhone, Apple's overall profit margin won't drop too much.
Apple's profit margin is currently so high that, even if the margin drops a few points, the company will still coin money.
Piecyk thinks Apple's earnings per share will be flat to down this year versus last year. But the tens of billions of dollars of new revenue that Apple could generate from a cheaper and bigger iPhone should drive earnings growth next year, even at a lower profit margin. Wall Street will likely start to focus on that growth, Piecyk thinks, by the middle of this year.
Watch my discussion with Walt Piecyk here >
<|endofexample|>
It will be a taken as a major bullish signal on natural gas.
Earlier this month, Exxon made a presentation on how the natural-gas era was set to begin.
They were serious.
--------
IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Exxon Mobil Corporation.
Following the transaction closing, ExxonMobil intends to establish a new upstream organization to manage global development and production of unconventional resources, enabling the rapid development and deployment of technologies and operating practices to increase production and maximize resource value. The new organization will be located in Fort Worth, Texas, in XTO’s current offices..
<|endofexample|>
But while "Ball Four" brought the clubhouse and the off-the-field lives of players to the fans, "Moneyball" opened the door to the front office for everybody to see.
But more importantly, Lewis helped popularize a growing trend in baseball.
The gap in baseball is widening between the haves and the have-nots. Those running teams outside of New York, Boston, Chicago or Los Angeles could either accept their fate as second-class citizens in an Evil Empire, or they could try and find a sling and a rock and take their best shot at the Goliaths.
But considering the popularity of "Moneyball," it is still a highly misunderstood book. And nearly a decade after its release, several myths still linger.
<|endofexample|>
Our colleague Pascal-Emmanuel Gobry has been chronicling the latest comments from investor and entrepreneur Peter Thiel, who has described college spending as a gigantic bubble, and who is of the belief that a lot of people who currently go to college actually shouldn't waste the time.
There are some interesting questions there, but we'll stay out of this one.
What's more interesting is why Thiel & co. are making this argument.
The answer is pretty simple: Intellectual rebelliousness.
The education system offers a gigantic fat pitch for anyone who wants to carve out a niche. This is because a) the wisdom of education is taken for granted by just about everyone and b) because there really are problems with the system, and it's not hard to find inefficiencies. Thus it's really easy to make a ton of hay on this subject.
It's not that different from being a contrarian investor, simultaneously identifying some area that everyone loves and is rife with problems.
This isn't just conjecture. Look at the people who gravitate towards the anti-higher ed stance. Peter Thiel is a gay Ann Coulter fan, who is a big backer of the paleo-Catholic magazine First Things. He's obviously got a knack for standing athwart stereotypes. Being anti-higher ed in Silicon Valley (where a lot of people have big ideas about saving the world through knowledge) fits in perfectly.
Other people on the anti-higher ed bandwagon show similar characteristics. CNBC's John Carney attended multiple Ivy League schools, but has made a name as an intellectual rebel, and so this position is a natural fit. (It should be noted that Thiel has a JD from Stanford).
Or even take Pascal-Emmanuel Gobry, who is married and religious (which anyone can see from following him on Twitter) but likes to write articles called How To Cheat On Your Wife.
Another one is James Altucher, a fantastic writer and intellectual thinker, who says he won't send his daughter to college. One column on the subject starts off with the line: "Somehow I went wrong as a father." which he can't possibly believe. Obviously he gets a lot of delight in making other parents gasp.
The debate over college as an investment has some interesting facets that are worth pondering. However, as in most discussions, people who take a certain side mainly do so to project a certain image of themselves, and to be seen in a certain light. The anti-higher education people sense an opportunity -- because the conventional wisdom on this subject is so consistent -- to cultivate a stance that is both easy to defend and on the surface extremely rebellious.
Want to go to college? Here's our guide to the best universities in the country >
<|endofexample|>
News alert: Payton, Loomis and Williams suspended by NFL
For his involvement in the New Orleans Saints' bounty program, coach Sean Payton has been suspended for one season without pay by the NFL, the league has announced. Saints general manager Mickey Loomis has been suspended for eight games. Former defensive coordinator Gregg Williams, who has since been hired as defensive coordinator of the St. Louis Rams, has been suspended indefinitely. The team has also been fined $500,000 and will have to give up its second-round picks in the 2012 and 2013 NFL Drafts. In addition, Saints assistant head coach Joe Vitt has been suspended without pay for the first six games of the 2012 season. Payton's suspension will begin April 1. The NFL revealed earlier this month the findings of a lengthy investigation into a Saints bounty program that gave thousands of dollars in payoffs to players in exchange for hits that knocked opponents out of games. The program, administered by Williams, reached its height in 2009, the season the Saints won the Super Bowl. Read Daily Report PM for additional details.
<|endofexample|>
Call (855) ESOP BTA – Your ESOP & Business Succession Planning Experts!
BUSINESS TRANSITION ADVISORS, INC.
Specializing in the design and implementation of Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs)
Providing services in all 50 states
Drawing on 75 YEARS of combined team experience
BTA makes it easier and more affordable to implement an ESOP
In the last 4 years BTA has worked with:
Nearly 6,000 employees
389 stockholders
Market values of over $1.4
<|endofexample|>
Already a Bloomberg.com user?
Help! I can't access my account.
Oct. 14 (Bloomberg) -- Faced with criticism that companies didn’t use proceeds of a 2004 tax holiday to create jobs directly, advocates for repeating the policy are emphasizing the indirect economic effects of repatriating more than $1 trillion.
Whether the money is used for hiring or stock buybacks, “I would much rather have their foreign earnings here rather than in, say, France,” said Kenneth Kies, a tax lobbyist at the Federal Policy Group in Washington whose clients include Microsoft Corp. and Pfizer Inc.
Those companies, along with Apple Inc., Google Inc., and Qualcomm Inc., are part of a coalition urging Congress to temporarily reduce the tax rate on profits held overseas. They want a repeat of a 2004 law that let companies pay 5.25 percent, instead of 35 percent, when they bring that cash to the U.S.
A flurry of studies and legislative activity over the past few weeks has brought increased attention to the proposed repatriation tax break. Lawmakers from both parties are trying to position the repatriation holiday as a tonic for the ailing economy. The proposal hasn’t advanced in Congress because of Democratic opposition, concerns about its cost to the government and the experience after the 2004 holiday.
Opponents, including Democratic Senator Carl Levin of Michigan, have complained that companies used the proceeds of the 2004 holiday to buy back stock instead of creating jobs. He released a report Oct. 10 showing that the 15 corporations that brought back the most money after the 2004 holiday cut a combined total of almost 21,000 jobs.
‘Embarrassing Failure’
“It’s very clearly understood that it failed, and beyond that, it was an embarrassing failure,” said Chuck Marr, director of federal tax policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a Washington group that advocates for low- income families.
Such criticism misses the point, Representative James Lankford, an Oklahoma Republican, told reporters yesterday.
“To say that over $300 billion came back into the American economy and it had no impact is difficult to swallow,” he said. “What they’re trying to target specifically is that did people spend it the way we wanted them to spend it.”
Laura D’Andrea Tyson, chair of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Bill Clinton, released a study yesterday estimating that a repatriation tax break would cause companies to bring home $1 trillion, add between $178 billion and $336 billion to the gross domestic product and generate as many as 2.5 million jobs. A study done for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in September showed higher growth and job-creation projections.
Investment Argument
“Anything we can do to encourage investment and consumption spending is a positive in terms of bringing the economy closer to its capacity,” she said.
Tyson is on the board of directors of Eastman Kodak Co., a member of the coalition of companies seeking the repatriation holiday. She released the study in conjunction with the New America Foundation, a Washington group that studies policies affecting the information-age economy. The chairman of its board of directors is Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google.
Marr questioned whether shareholders would increase their consumption significantly if stock prices increased because of corporate buybacks.
“This argument comes because their main argument has so utterly failed,” he said.
‘Wet Puppy’
Edward Kleinbard, a law professor at the University of Southern California, said the companies seeking a repatriation holiday often portray their offshore profits “as a wet puppy” waiting to be let back in the house.
That’s untrue, he said, because companies’ assets outside the U.S. are often held in dollar-denominated securities.
“The money, in fact, to that extent, is already in the United States economy,” he said. “The route is a little bit indirect.”
Kenneth Serwin, Tyson’s co-author of the repatriation study, said the indirect route isn’t as influential in the economy as higher stock prices spurred by buybacks. Increased consumption by shareholders will spur economic growth, he said.
As the economic argument among experts continues, the legislative path for a repatriation holiday remains uncertain.
Companies are trying hard. The coalition and its members have more than 160 lobbyists working on the issue, including at least 60 who worked for a sitting member of the House or Senate, according to data compiled by Bloomberg News.
Bipartisan Proposal
On Oct. 6, Senators Kay Hagan, a North Carolina Democrat, and John McCain, an Arizona Republican, released a bill that would set a maximum tax rate of 8.75 percent with a rate as low as 5.25 percent for companies that expand their payrolls by at least 10 percent.
Within the next week, Senators Charles Schumer and Mark Kirk will unveil legislation that would institute a tax holiday for repatriated offshore profits and dedicate the proceeds to infrastructure investment, Kirk said in an interview earlier this week.
The Illinois Republican, who has been working with New York’s Schumer, who is the third-ranking Senate Democrat, to craft the legislation, said he is trying to win support from other Republicans.
‘Big Picture’ Debate
Kirk said he and Schumer want their proposal to fit into the “big picture” debate over jobs and the federal budget, adding that they hoped it was something the so-called supercommittee charged with finding at least $1.2 trillion in budgetary savings might consider.
“It clearly would add to the Treasury and the cash flow of the United States,” he said.
The Joint Committee on Taxation, the official scorekeeper for tax legislation in Congress, disagrees. A repeat of the 2004 holiday would cost the government $78.7 billion in forgone revenue over the next decade, in part because companies would continue shifting profits overseas and holding them there in anticipation of another tax holiday, the panel said.
That revenue estimate has dampened support for the proposal, as has the Obama administration’s opposition to a stand-along holiday. Furthermore, Republicans such as Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, a Michigan Republican, have said they prefer addressing offshore profits as part of a broader overhaul of the tax code.
--With assistance from Kathleen Hunter, Steven Sloan and Andrew Zajac
<|endofexample|>
Already a Bloomberg.com user?
Help! I can't access my account.
Area residents fill sand bags ahead of Tropical Storm Isaac in St. Pete Beach on Sunday. Photographer: Edward Linsmier/Getty Images.
“When you see the storm hitting in the Gulf right as you’re nominating your candidate for president, rightly, it’s going to draw the nation’s attention away, and so it’s going to be very hard to compete with that,” Republican strategist Alex Castellanos said in an interview.
“If the nation is hurting, it can be a bit unseemly to be celebrating a political accomplishment of picking a nominee,” he said.
The day after Republican Party officials announced they would scrap Monday’s official schedule because of Isaac, they joined Romney campaign advisers in downplaying the chances that the storm could dilute the narrative they plan to present on the stage at the Tampa Bay Times Forum.
“Our primary concern is not just the safety of the folks here but the folks around the country. But, that said, there are millions of Americans that are tuning in because they want to hear from and about Mitt Romney,” said Sean Spicer, the party’s communications director. “They’re looking forward to this and so are we.”
Russ Schriefer, a senior Romney strategist, told reporters on a conference call yesterday that despite the weather, the key messages will still come through, including today’s planned theme of, “President Obama’s failed leadership, not serving the American people.”
That subject, he said, “is something we can talk about in each one of these areas, and we will continue to do that and drive that message.”
Without being able to predict the weather, he added, the plan is still to hold convention events Tuesday through Thursday.
Still, the storm is threatening to eat into the already limited hours of free television time dedicated to Romney’s elevation at a moment when many Americans traditionally are just tuning in to the presidential contest. Instead of three solid nights of convention coverage, viewers may be treated to a steady stream of images of wind-lashed palm trees, torrential rains and rising waters.
Sam Feist, the Washington bureau chief for CNN, said while the cable network hasn’t shifted any staff covering the convention out of Tampa for storm coverage, it plans to juxtapose the weather story with the political one.
“You’ll see us mixing both stories together, because they’re both connected, and you’ll see us covering both,” Feist said in an interview. “We certainly can walk and chew gum at the same time.”
Other television networks may redeploy reporters from the party in Tampa to potential strikes in Louisiana and Mississippi.
Fox was planning to position five reporters along the Gulf Coast, including at least one who was assigned to convention coverage in Tampa, according to a network spokeswoman.
NBC was considering moving reporters away from the convention to better cover the storm. “It’s a moment-by-moment decision,” said spokeswoman Erika Masonhall.
Messages on Twitter about the tropical storm were outnumbering Republican National Convention-related missives 20- to-1 yesterday, said Adam Sharp, the social networking service’s Washington-based manager of government and political partnerships who has set up shop at the convention site.
There were some power outages in South Florida, where Florida Keys residents were bracing for winds of up to 65 mph, Florida Division of Emergency Management Director Bryan Koon said.
Florida Governor Rick Scott urged delegates staying along the beach in Tampa Bay to remain in their hotels today because of potential bridge closures and roads flooding. Tampa was expected to get about six inches of rain today, winds of about 40 mph and storm surges of about three feet, Koon said.
Obama returned from Camp David yesterday and had no public events scheduled for today, though he was set to begin a two-day college tour on Tuesday in Iowa and Colorado reaching out to younger voters.
Even as aides cautioned they weren’t looking to politicize Isaac, the White House managed to work a mention of the rained- on party into its official readout of Obama’s storm briefing today. Obama, according to the briefing, told Scott, “to let him know if there are any unmet needs or additional resources the administration could provide, including in support of efforts to ensure the safety of those visiting the state for the Republican National Convention.”
Democratic strategists said there was an opportunity to showcase presidential leadership and provide a contrast with Romney.
“While this does not seem to be a crisis yet, the lesson of Katrina is not lost on anyone,” said Steve Elmendorf, a strategist for the party. “Natural disasters are an important time for any political leader to take charge and show concern and action.”
It’s not the first time Republicans have had to reshuffle their convention plans because nature intervened. Four years ago, the first night of the party convention in St. Paul, Minnesota, was canceled by Republican officials worried that a gathering storm, Hurricane Gustav, might remind voters of the botched response to Hurricane Katrina three years before.
The 2008 convention “worked out very well and, frankly, I think the same thing will happen here,” said Steve Duprey, a New Hampshire Republican national committeeman who advised Senator John McCain of Arizona, who accepted the nomination at the Minnesota convention. “They’ll have to condense the message, so some of your outlying speakers may get canceled.”
It’s been 40 years since Republicans held a national convention in Florida, and some now wonder how long it will be before the party returns.
While many delegates are still planning to head to Tampa, Gulf Coast governors can’t all say the same: Scott canceled three days of his convention activities; Louisiana’s Bobby Jindal is reconsidering his plans; and Mississippi’s Phil Bryant stayed home.
To contact the reporters on this story: Julie Hirschfeld Davis in Tampa, Florida at jdavis159@bloomberg.net; Michael C. Bender in Tampa, Florida at mbender10@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Jeanne Cummings at jcummings21@bloomberg.net
<|endofexample|>
Edible toy treats for pet rabbits,and fun stuff for people since 1987.
Purchase Papaya Fruit Plus (OHC-20). special pet. Sizes: 90 ct.Active IngredientsPapaya Fruit Powder, Pineapple Fruit Powder, Bromelain, PapainGuaranteed AnalysisEach tablet contains 23mg of Bromelain and 2.9mg of Papain to aid in digestive health.
Other products in the category Rabbit Products / Bunny Treats:
©2010 The Busy Bunny | site by neekdesign | wholesale | policies | catalog | home
<|endofexample|>
Edible toy treats for pet rabbits,and fun stuff for people since 1987.
Purchase Simple Rewards Papaya Medley (OHC-27)
Simple Rewards Papaya Medley combines freeze-dried papaya with with wholesome, high-fiber meadow grass pellets and timothy hay to create a delicious snack pets love. Low in sugar and made with 100% natural ingredients.
Sizes: 70g/2.5 oz.
Other products in the category Rabbit Products / Bunny Treats:
©2010 The Busy Bunny | site by neekdesign | wholesale | policies | catalog | home
<|endofexample|>
Basic instructions for doing this with your baby, roll out a small piece (the size of your baby's hand) of Model Magic onto a portable surface. Strap your baby into their highchair! :) Stretch out their little fingers, put the base of their palm into the clay and then press each finger in quickly. You may need a video or other distraction to get the job done! If you mess up, roll it up and start again. It's very forgiving!
Age range: I did this with my 6 month old for his hand. I did his feet when he was an infant.
Now for the Big Boy one!
I was inspired when I saw a great one on Pinterest from Mommy Mucho! Here is our version:
Post contains affiliate links: Model Magic is made by Crayola. Should be in most major craft stores. One bag 4 ounce bag (about $3.99) should make about 4+ ornaments.
Kristen is the blogger behind Busy Kids = Happy Mom, a site dedicated to fun, practical, and purposeful activities to do with your kids. Follow Kristen on Facebook, Pinterest, and Busy Kids = Happy Mom.
6 comments:
How big is the bag of model magic that your purchased? Thank you! Great project!
Hi Ashley! I just got the 4oz size and it made several (great gifts!).... they also sell bags that have 6 individually wrapped ones too. Love this stuff!
Thanks so much!!
This is SUPER cute! I've seen the handprint, but never the snowman like that - What a fun idea! I am your newest liker. I'd love for you to follow me back, if you want to =-) I also wanted to invite you to linkup at my TGIF LInky Party -
Beth =-)
These are awesome! Do you think acrylic paint would work well, with a mod podge protective layer over? Im thinking upside down hand for my dd (3) to make santa (hat being thumb, fingers being beard) and foot prints for reindeer from my baby twin boys. But paint would cover a lot better than sharpies, and ive never had any luck with salt dough :(
@Archives of Five - I think you could try acrylic paint. Why not? This is fun to play with and very forgiving.
<|endofexample|>
Bikinis and Swimwear > RYGY Swimwear > Caribbean Ruched Boy Brief Bikini
Caribbean Ruched Boy Brief Bikini
RYGY Swimwear
- Buy Complete Set
- Buy Separate Top
- Buy Separate Bottom
Style No: RYGY BTP1006/BTT1009 (Caribbean).
Be sure to find the perfect size for you in the Fitting Room. Need more information? Get Live Support!
Please note: Sale items are not eligible for refunds due to discounts issued at purchase. However, exchanges and store credit are issued gladly!
<|endofexample|>
Customer Care
My account
Cart is empty
BuyHappier.com offers some of the most innovative products around to compliment the lifestyles of every customer. In our constant effort to be the best value in ecommerce, we have now incorporated the “Love it or We’ll Take It Back” guarantee for all the products that we offer on our web site.
Customers can now shop with an even greater sense of freedom and confidence at BuyHappier.com. They now have 60 days to determine if they “love it,” and If they are not 100% thrilled with their purchase “we’ll take it back” without explanation. Our Customer Concierge Team is prepared to help assist with this process with no questions asked.
Learn More
<|endofexample|>
Juliette Lewis’ Raunchy Sex Pictures With Terry Richardson
Juliette Lewis and Terry Richardson allegedly took photographs of themselves having sex, and these pictures provide fairly compelling evidence that the “allegedly” in that sentence should be an “actually.” Why would Juliette Lewis, a famous actress, allow herself to be photographed in such a fashion by Terry Richardson, a famous sleazeball? Who the fuck knows. Anyway, these are the frankly rather acrobatic results. They are (obviously obviously obviously) NSFW.
<|endofexample|>
BuzzFlash Reviews
April 2005
Mr.
Smith Goes to Washington (1939) DVD
Starring Jimmy Stewart, Directed by Frank Capra
BUZZFLASH REVIEWS
This recommendation is adapted from an April
27, 2005, BuzzFlash editorial.. Some of them are criminal; some of them are psychotic. They
need to be in jail or need mental health services. They should not have
a seat in government.
It only took one good man -- with the coaching of one good woman --
to bring down such charlatans in "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington," one
wide-eyed true believer in the promise and glory of the American dream..
This
Columbia Classic Reissued DVD includes an informative interview with
Frank Capra's son, vintage trailers and posters. You can even watch it
with Thai or Chinese subtitles, if you are so inclined. On that big online
retailer with the name of a river, "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" received
5 stars based on 74 reviews. That's as high as it gets, but it should
have received 100 stars, one for each state. (Although, as a point of
interest, there were only 96 senators when the film was made, because
Alaska and Hawaii had not yet been admitted into the Union. So you will
here the roll call referred to as "96 senators" in the film.)
BUZZFLASH REVIEWS
<|endofexample|>
Boundary Waters Quetico Forum :: Trip Planning Forum :: End to End route
Author
Message Text
FLRocky
05/10/2012 10:22AM
Thanks. I have been on the east side of this route on South Fowl Lake along the border lakes. I will check my maps for the west side.
FLRocky
05/09/2012 08:02PM
Interested in making the BWCA end-to-end the first leg in a triathlon with bike leg from MN to WA on the Northern Tier Route and a hiking leg around Rainier on The Wonderland Trail.
Any end-to-end suggested routes?
FLRocky
arctic
05/09/2012 08:37PM
The Border Route from South Fowl Lake on the east to Crane Lake at the west end would make the most sense. You could also reverse the route to take advantage of prevailing winds.
<|endofexample|>
Recent Posts
Categories
- Advocacy & Leadership (9)
- Digital Fluency (5)
- Guided Inquiry (3)
- Information Ethics (1)
- Information Fluency (9)
- Library Virtual Spaces (5)
- Professional Learning (5)
- Reading Engagement (2)
- The Research (2)
- Together for Learning (9)
Tagsadvocacy Alec Couros Carol Koechlin critical thinking David Loertscher Educon evidence-based practice freedom to read Gwyneth Jones information fluency John Miedema Jonah Lehrer Joyce Valenza Ken Haycock knowledge-building centres leadership Learning Commons learning technologies marketing Michael Ridley MNet Neil Pasricha networked learning OLA OSLA People for Education post-literacy professional learning reading reading engagement Rose Burton Spohn school libraries Shannon McClintock SLIC Stephen Abram strategic planning Super Conference 2011 Super Conference 2012 Super Conference 2013 teacher-librarians Together for Learning Tom Wujec virtual library Wendy Newman Wikipedia
Tag Archives: freedom to read
Freedom to Read Pathfinder
Freedom to Read Week is February 26 to March 3, 2012 Libraries play a critical role in defending the freedom to read. Defending intellectual freedom is one of the foundations of librarianship. “Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion … 
Posted in Reading Engagement Tagged freedom to read, reading engagement Leave a comment
<|endofexample|>
READ: IRS Inspector General Report on Tax-Exempt Scrutiny of Political Organizations
Washington, DC
Sunday, December 23, 2012
On December 24 at 7pm ET, C-SPAN Radio begins a week-long special series of Supreme Court oral arguments by current Justices, before they joined the Court.
In this program: Portions of two cases argued by attorney John Roberts, before he became Chief Justice. You’ll hear him argue for the respondent in a 2000 case about voting rights and ethnic background: “Harold Rice, petitioner v. Ben Cayetano, Governor of Hawaii, respondent.” And from 2002: Gonzaga University and others, petitioners v. John Doe, respondents, “ where John Roberts represented the petitioners. The audio and information of the cases are courtesy of the Oyez Project at IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law at:.
And providing context and information: Drexel University associate law professor Lisa McElroy, who interviewed Justice Roberts for her book “John G. Roberts, Jr: Chief Justice.”
Arguments from John Roberts before he became Chief Justice: Monday, December 24 at 7pm ET on C-SPAN Radio: 90.1 FM in the Washington, DC area, online at cspanradio.org and nationwide on XM Satellite Radio, channel 119.
Updated:
Friday, December 21, 2012 at 9:58am (ET)
Audio Playlist
<|endofexample|>
READ: IRS Inspector General Report on Tax-Exempt Scrutiny of Political Organizations
P)
Video Playlist
<|endofexample|>
Cable TV Deal of the Day for CAMP CREEK
Cable TV Camp Creek, West Virginia: You deserve the best
If you are looking for cable TV Camp Creek, it is time to call off the search party. Cable.TV will take it from here. You will be able to find information on the largest national cable TV service providers all in one place. Camp Creek cable TV is just a click or phone call away. All you need to do is choose the service provider that is most worthy of your cable TV Camp Creek business. Could it be DIRECT TV with its exclusive sports options? Or do you prefer the local Camp Creek cable television company? Cable.TV makes it easy to compare providers, so you can make an informed decision.
Find the best deals on Cable TV Camp CreekCable.TV will help you find the best deal in town for your new Camp Creek cable television service. Check out amazing bonus features, like no-cost HD upgrades from DIRECTV, to discover more ways to save on your Camp Creek cable TV service. Here are some questions to keep in mind when you are narrowing the field of eligible cable television, Camp Creek, WV providers.
- Which Camp Creek cable television provider gives you the most channels?
- Which Camp Creek?
You can find just the right service at just the right price when you compare cable TV Camp Creek providers side by side. Line up your options for cable TV Camp Creek, West Virginia and see which provider comes out ahead.
Cable TV Camp Creek, WV is just a phone call away
After you visit Cable.TV’s comparison page and you have made your decision on which cable TV Camp Creek service provider is right for your family’s home entertainment needs, click or call to order. If you are still unsure, visit the individual cable television provider pages to delve deeper into what makes one Camp Creek cable TV provider different from another. Regardless of which Camp Creek cable television service you choose, your research will be streamlined when you use Cable.TV to help you make your decision.
<|endofexample|>
Cable TV Deal of the Day for CLIFTON
Cable TV Clifton, Arizona: You deserve the best
If you are looking for cable TV Clifton, it is time to call off the search party. Cable.TV will take it from here. You will be able to find information on the largest national cable TV service providers all in one place. Clifton cable TV is just a click or phone call away. All you need to do is choose the service provider that is most worthy of your cable TV Clifton business. Could it be DIRECT TV with its exclusive sports options? Or do you prefer the local Clifton cable television company? Cable.TV makes it easy to compare providers, so you can make an informed decision.
Find the best deals on Cable TV CliftonCable.TV will help you find the best deal in town for your new Clifton cable television service. Check out amazing bonus features, like no-cost HD upgrades from DIRECTV, to discover more ways to save on your Clifton cable TV service. Here are some questions to keep in mind when you are narrowing the field of eligible cable television, Clifton, AZ providers.
- Which Clifton cable television provider gives you the most channels?
- Which Clif Clifton?
You can find just the right service at just the right price when you compare cable TV Clifton providers side by side. Line up your options for cable TV Clifton, Arizona and see which provider comes out ahead.
Cable TV Clifton, AZ is just a phone call away
After you visit Cable.TV’s comparison page and you have made your decision on which cable TV Clifton service provider is right for your family’s home entertainment needs, click or call to order. If you are still unsure, visit the individual cable television provider pages to delve deeper into what makes one Clifton cable TV provider different from another. Regardless of which Clifton cable television service you choose, your research will be streamlined when you use Cable.TV to help you make your decision.
<|endofexample|>
Cable TV Deal of the Day for MOUNT HOLLY
Cable TV Mount Holly, Ohio: You deserve the best
If you are looking for cable TV Mount Holly, it is time to call off the search party. Cable.TV will take it from here. You will be able to find information on the largest national cable TV service providers all in one place. Mount Holly cable TV is just a click or phone call away. All you need to do is choose the service provider that is most worthy of your cable TV Mount Holly business. Could it be DIRECT TV with its exclusive sports options? Or do you prefer the local Mount Holly cable television company? Cable.TV makes it easy to compare providers, so you can make an informed decision.
Find the best deals on Cable TV Mount HollyCable.TV will help you find the best deal in town for your new Mount Holly cable television service. Check out amazing bonus features, like no-cost HD upgrades from DIRECTV, to discover more ways to save on your Mount Holly cable TV service. Here are some questions to keep in mind when you are narrowing the field of eligible cable television, Mount Holly, OH providers.
- Which Mount Holly cable television provider gives you the most channels?
- Which Mount H Holly?
You can find just the right service at just the right price when you compare cable TV Mount Holly providers side by side. Line up your options for cable TV Mount Holly, Ohio and see which provider comes out ahead.
Cable TV Mount Holly, OH is just a phone call away
After you visit Cable.TV’s comparison page and you have made your decision on which cable TV Mount Holly service provider is right for your family’s home entertainment needs, click or call to order. If you are still unsure, visit the individual cable television provider pages to delve deeper into what makes one Mount Holly cable TV provider different from another. Regardless of which Mount Holly cable television service you choose, your research will be streamlined when you use Cable.TV to help you make your decision.
<|endofexample|>
Taunton MA
High Speed Internet Taunton Massachusetts – Internet Service Providers MA
By combining all three services together Comcast can give customers an unbelievable low price that no other company can compete with. You have a ton of HD channels to choose from. Best Comcast Internet Deal – Three Great Services, One Great Price. With the The Comcast XF Triple Play you’ll get Digital Voice, High-Speed Internet, and Digital Cable TV all at a terrific price designed to save you time and money every month.
Bundle & Save gives you TV your way. Taunton MA.
Enjoy crisp and crystal clear call qualityaunton MA: HIGH SPEED INTERNET Taunton MA
High Speed Internet Taunton Massachusetts – Fastest Internet Service Speed In Taunton MA
High Speed Internet Attleboro MA
High Speed Internet Barnstable Town MA
High Speed Internet Billerica MA
High Speed Internet Boston MA
High Speed Internet Brockton MA
High Speed Internet Brookline MA
High Speed Internet Cambridge MA
High Speed Internet Chelsea MA
High Speed Internet Chicopee MA
High Speed Internet Fall-river MA
High Speed Internet Framingham MA
High Speed Internet Haverhill MA
High Speed Internet Lawrence MA
High Speed Internet Leominster MA
High Speed Internet Lowell MA
High Speed Internet Lynn MA
High Speed Internet Malden MA
High Speed Internet Medford MA
High Speed Internet Methuen MA
High Speed Internet New Bedford MA
High Speed Internet Newton MA
High Speed Internet North Attleborough MA
High Speed Internet Peabody MA
High Speed Internet Pittsfield MA
High Speed Internet Plymouth MA
High Speed Internet Quincy MA
High Speed Internet Revere MA
High Speed Internet Salem MA
High Speed Internet Somerville MA
High Speed Internet Springfield MA
High Speed Internet Taunton MA
High Speed Internet Waltham MA
High Speed Internet Westfield MA
High Speed Internet Weymouth MA
High Speed Internet Worcester MA
<|endofexample|>
Audio & Video Cables
Everyday Low Prices on Audio and Video Cables
From digital optical audio cables to RCA component video cables, Cables.com stocks everything you need for your audio and video project. Our wide selection of audio cables and video cables includes:
- Speaker wires
- HDMI cables
- DVI cables
- Component cables
- RCA cables
- Coaxial cables
- XLR cables
- 1/4 Instrument cables
- Much More!
Audio and video home theater cables from Cables.com help bring the commercial movie theatre experience to the comfort of your own home. When it comes to audio cables and video cables, we have got you covered!
For more information, or to make a purchase, browse our collection of audio and video cables.
<|endofexample|>
Time left to call today
XFINITY from Comcast is not available in all areas.
The AnyRoom® Comcast DVR from XFINITY lets you control the content across every TV in your Blockton Blockton average download speed of 0.00 Mbps.
XFINITY Bundles from Comcast are another great way to save money each month by paying one provider for all of your telecommunications costs. Join the 72% of other Blockton residents, or 119 people, who already bundle TV, Internet, and/or Phone.
There's no better way to save money and get the TV you need than with a Comcast cable TV package in Blockton, IA. Customize your XFINITY® TV package to fit your personal needs with crystal-clear digital channels and the viewing convenience of DVR and On Demand choices.
If you watch roughly 35 hours of television per week, you’re like the majority of Blockton residents. Premium home television programming is about getting what you want. Subscribe to Comcast cable in Blockton, IA and discover XFINITY® TV. Can't get enough local sports action in Blockton? Get a programming package from Comcast and stay on top of all the action with local channels. For movie buffs and TV fans, nobody has more programming choices. Call now for Blockton's hottest Comcast specials.
You can get fast Internet in Blockton, IA, because Comcast provides speeds up to 105 Mbps. With XFINITY® Internet from Comcast, you get up to seven email accounts and can connect all your devices to stream your favorite TV shows.
In Blockton, IA Blockton, and surf the web.
Your Comcast package in Blockton. You'll become part of the 66% majority in Blockton who choose the option of using a single provider to bundle telecommunications services.
Local governments license the ability to provide cable service in Iowa. This means that there's usually only one provider for each geographical area.
<|endofexample|>
okes, NC
Here at CableTV.com we love cable service. Here are a few reasons why it is a great choice for Stokes, N Stokes Cable Internet
Cable providers have so much more to offer than TV. That is why so many St Stokes.
It's easy to get cable, Call 1-866-921-5828
CableTV.com's Favorite Stokes Actors
Many people in Stokes,okes.
<|endofexample|>
As Low As
Time left to call today
XFINITY from Comcast is not available in all areas.
The AnyRoom® Comcast DVR from XFINITY lets you control the content across every TV in your Dallesport home. That’s just right for you if you fit in with the 33%, or 443 of Washingtonians with multiple TVs.
XFINITY Internet packages from Comcast offer download speeds of up to 105 Mbps. That’s a significant increase in speed from the Dallesport average download speed of 0.00 Mbps.
XFINITY Bundles from Comcast are another great way to save money each month by paying one provider for all of your telecommunications costs. Join the 72% of other Dallesport residents, or 967 people, who already bundle TV, Internet, and/or Phone.
As low as
As low as
As low as
The majority of Americans watch 35 hours of television per week; that includes Comcast customers in Dallesport, WA. If you prefer movies and TV shows, you’ll love the current and classic options included in Comcast specials. Get the most live sports on cable with Comcast, which includes local Dallesport channels, too.
With Comcast cable, you can enjoy the best television programming in Dallesport.
In Dallesport, WA,.
Would you like caller ID on your TV, PC, and smartphone? Bundle XFINITY® Voice, Internet, and TV in Dallesport and join the 66% of Washingtonians already use a single telecommunications provider. Like to surf Facebook, talk with your friends around the country, and keep up on local events in Dalles. Dallesport residents can pick from a variety of Comcast offers to save the most money.
Local governments license the ability to provide cable service in Washington. This means that there's usually only one provider for each geographical area.
<|endofexample|>
Have fun this winter in Albuquerque.
Holidays & Shopping
- Twinkle Light Parade
- River of Lights
- Old Town Stroll
- Luminarias
- Roadrunner Food Bank Holiday Virtual Food Drive
- Roadrunner Food Bank Donations
- Nob Hill Shop and Stroll
- First Friday Artscrawl
Entertainment
- Keshet Dance Company performs "Nutcracker on the Rocks"
- "The Farolitos of Christmas" at National Hispanic Cultural Center
- At Popejoy Hall:
<|endofexample|>
A couple who have dedicated the last 30 years to fostering have been awarded MBEs in the New Year Honours.
News | Comment on this »
St John Wales volunteers will see in the New Year at the Millennium Stadium as the venue becomes a temporary medical centre to look after Cardiff’s revellers on New Year’s Eve.
Business gongs include CBE for Gerald Ronson, one of the ‘Guinness four’, for charity work since serving jail term in 1990
National News | Comment on this »
KBEs awarded to Nobel-winning physicists, an Oxford church historian and the designer of Apple’s iPod, iPhone and iPad
Those honoured in arts include ‘the finest living English poet’, novelists, actors and the man behind the Big Brother format
Awards for Britons who helped during emergency rescue efforts, youth outreach workers, school principals and police officers
List includes world taekwondo champion Sarah Stevenson, who was controversially not on sports personality of the year shortlist
Tests on counterfeit bottles seized by council trading standards officers across the UK have revealed high levels of methanol
National Archives’ files show how PM tried to browbeat BBC and reveals speculation about Erroll Flynn being a Nazi agent
Gwent Police is appealing for information to trace the person pictured in this CCTV still.
More people aged between 25 and 34 are turning to Debt Relief Orders (DROs) to deal with their debt problems than any other age group within the population, Insolvency Service figures show.
Shops in Caerphilly County Borough are being warned against a Pay Point scam which has netted criminals £2,200 in just five days.
<|endofexample|>
Hi all,
A common problem (and obsessive issue) for many BJJ/No gi grapplers is determining what weight class they want to compete in. I myself have this issue and have looked at several articles from respectable names in the game whom have very different opinions on the subject.
I weigh 77kg without the gi (79kg roughly with the gi) but could make the 76kg lightweight category if i made some consistent lifestyle changes- i.e dieting/ methods of training.
Does it even make a difference? What are the pro's and cons for going down a weight or fighting in the middle of a weight class but being your natural weight? Has anyone on this forum had similar thoughts/issues on the same subject?
Cheers
Firebird
<|endofexample|>
Now holding sessions on Weds at 7pm to 8:15pm.
Updated training details:
We train:
Mondays: 7.30pm - 9.00pm
Wednesdays: 7.00pm - 8.15 pm ( Please confirm your attendance in advance for this session)
Thursday 7.30pm -9.00pm
All sessions take place at Bounds Green Primary School (virtually opposite Bounds Green Station). Please use the Park Road entrance.
<|endofexample|>
Hang on a minute here, is this the same mongo that's even posting now ?
Hang on a minute here, is this the same mongo that's even posting now ?
sick of the bullshit !
The fact you break your phoney shite speak and start speaking in a normal manner makes your trolling even shitter, I didnt think that was even possible.
Smell my beans. You want to taste my beans don't you. Yes, yes you do.
Completely agree with SpartanFT on this one. GCG are not even in the slightest bitter about the decision that ACC took with regards to ACC stopping GCG from training the 1.5 hours a week in their cage. After all, they have grown extensively and have to ensure the best steps are taken to cover such a large premises with a very large number of members coming through the doors. Only appreciation is felt from myself and others about how open the Spartans lads/ACC have been to us and how we continue to all grow together. Hopefully we can learn from each other and continue to improve in the sport that we all have the same interest for. Leon on the other hand is a complete knob jockey that is ruining what could be a good forum. The only love he seems to have is sitting at him computer talking utter pish. Trolling takes very little skill and shows that he is a coward, I suggest that people just ignore him and he will go away...Anyway.........
I dont really understand MC Blackbelts beef to be fair, why isnt dave clark by no means a purple belt. have you coached him, do you have the knowledge to know this. you know fuck all, you are fuck all. because you are a fucking no body, you have no name NOR no real identity.
Last time I checked this was a scottish forum, and scottish people are proud people and dont hide behind false names and spread untrue statements, Mark turner has stated who he is and smashed your whole thread to pieces. I believe people respect him for that.
You my friend are gaining no respect. I wish you well in your quest for calling shit how shit is, maybe spend less time on googling stuff and more time in the gym. you might get promoted to your next belt.
The RED BELT OF BEING AN ABSOLUTE BELLEND!!!
im outtie.......
I'm guessing the Spartans lads think Leon is someone from GCG. I hope that isn't the case. I have my doubts seeing as GCG has been slagged off by Leon as well. And guys in our club hate this whole episode - and have been pretty vocal in airing their views on it.
Ultimately, I'm pretty disappointed at all those who have responded to Leon and fed a truly abysmal troll. He should have been left to rot and die. And it's frustrating that he hasn't been deleted from the forum, as he's part of the reason this place has gone downhill.
<|endofexample|>
This Independence Day marks the 236th year since 56 courageous men signed the Declaration of Independence from Great Britain. Pledging their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor, these Founding Fathers embodied the spirit of what is now known as American Exceptionalism. A City Upon A Hill, produced by Citizens United, explores the concept of American Exceptionalism from its origin [Read More]
COMMENT
<|endofexample|>
In order for a community association to conduct business in a professional and effective manner, rules and procedures are needed. The structure of the association including the Board of Directors, Architectural Committees and other committees may be necessary. The association’s documents should reflect the intent of the association and the administrative of the association by the Board Members is critical.
<|endofexample|>
Toyota Canada is launching a voluntary safety campaign affecting approximately 103,932 of certain 2009/2010 Toyota Corolla and Matrix vehicles sold in Canada.
Toyota says it has determined that there is a possibility that ice could accumulate gradually near the suction port for the brake vacuum under certain repeated environmental (below -30C over a sustained period of days and/or weeks) and unique driving conditions (high speed, distance, continued idling) resulting in a heavy brake feel, although brakes will continue to function.
In the interest of customer satisfaction, Toyota says it will be asking consumers affected by this campaign to bring their vehicles to their local Toyota dealer where the campaign repairs will be done at no expense to the customer.
For more information, contact Toyota Canada at 1-888-TOYOTA-8.
<|endofexample|>
Now they are happy to call it home.
Bowen’s path to Gordon County began when he followed his true interest in finance to Edward Jones, where he had been a long-time client. With years of experience in accounting, Bowen became a financial advisor for Edward Jones. He opened an office in Wilmington, N.C.
“We loved North Carolina but we wanted to be closer to home, but not necessarily in our hometown (in Alabama.) That’s how we found out about Calhoun. Initially I asked, on behalf of another advisor, if there were any openings in Alabama. This is when I found out about a couple of openings we had in Georgia and we had enjoyed living in Georgia back in the 90’s,” recalled Bowen. “The company flew me to Rome to see the area and mentioned that I also take a look at Calhoun. I came up here and knew I’d like it.”
“I saw that they were building a new school in Sonoraville and that Gordon County was right between Chattanooga and Atlanta, so the location is great,” he said.
“Really the selling point was how friendly people seemed. I was driving around on my own trying to find Red Bud Road when I stopped in at the Chamber of Commerce to ask for directions and that is when I first met Ruby Crump,” Bowen said.
“Now if you know her, you love her. She was really nice and introduced me to everyone in the building. That stuck with me and made me feel like this would be a great place to live and a great community to raise my kids in.”
“I told my wife how everyone was so nice and I’ve since told the staff and volunteers at the Chamber how much of a positive influence they can have,” he said.
“Also, my fraternity pledge boss of all things, was from Calhoun, Chuck Ruth. I told him I was considering moving to Rome and he had a lot of great things to say about Calhoun and particularly both the city and county school systems. Another one of my good friends from high school and college, Phillip Cofield, who has lived in Calhoun for the past 15 years, spoke highly of the people here as well,” he said.
By the time Bowen made his second trip to Calhoun, he’d accepted the position as Financial Advisor for the area and had a place to call home with his wife Melisha and sons Austin and Dylan soon to follow.
Bowen’s actions speak as loud as his words. In eight years he has shown his love and support for the community. He has been involved with the Chamber of Commerce as Past Immediate Chair, Vice Chair and at present Executive Committee Board member.
He holds the County wide Post on the Gordon County Board of Education and he is Advisory council for the County’s Future Business Leaders of America chapter and Junior Achievement.
“Dewayne is a very good man, and holds my utmost respect and admiration,” said his wife Melisha Bowen. “Over the years, I have learned so much from him. I have enjoyed watching Dewayne teach our boys the importance of having good character and being ethical. He is very dependable, fair and always stands up for what he believes in. I am so proud of him and his accomplishments,” she said.
“I’ve enjoyed being a part of the Chamber. One of my favorite things is getting to know people,” said Bowen.
“I like to work and enjoy my job very much. We (Edward Jones) provide financial advice and guidance to about 450 families in the North West Georgia region, and are looking to grow with people looking to better plan for retirement, save for college or lower their tax bill.”
“I am honored to work for great clients and I really count many as personal friends as well. Really my passion is helping people with decisions that create a better life and help them reach a variety of goals. I love meeting people before they retire, being with them when they retire, helping them send their kids to college, etc. It feels good to interact with clients and create working friendships,” he said.
“The need is there to provide people with financial advice they can trust. I love being able to do that and I really enjoy coming to work every day.”
As a school board member: “I like going over to the schools and seeing how I can help the kids. I have kids in the system and I feel like that makes me more approachable. I like helping kids explore career possibilities as well, mostly those I know through my own sons. Just like every person, I owe a lot to teachers who worked extra hard to help and inspire me. And as a Board of Education member I want to find ways to help teachers and the staff now who have been working hard with less pay over the past few years. Several members of my family are teachers, so I think it’s one of the most noblest of professions,” he said.
“It’s different in the private sector - budgets, taxpayer money vs. profits - very different.”
“I came onto the Board during a time of financial crisis I know, but I still hope to bring to the school board a different perspective on accountability and transparency, so that we utilize our resources in ways for the students and taxpayers that we all can be proud of.”
Bowen’s strengths as an advisor and friend are just a few of the traits that make him a great father, according to his sons. “My father is an intelligent man. He always pushes me towards success as much as he possibly can. He tries his best to lead me in the right direction,” said his son Austin Bowen.
Bowen’s son Dylan said of his father, “My dad is a great example of a man with unwavering moral values.”
“I don’t play golf or hunt, but I like spending as much time as I can with my two sons and my wife. We have always been together wherever we go, so it’s a little unusual for my wife and I, now, as our boys are getting older and more independent. My wife and I love to travel. We sacrifice other material things such as new cars and such so we can save and put back to enjoy big vacations. This summer we’re going to Switzerland. And in the past few years we’ve visited Hawaii, Huntington Beach, Calif., Yellowstone, St. Thomas Island and have gone on a couple of cruises,” he said. I have three older sisters and my parents are still married after nearly 60 years. I’m happy that my wife and I are close to all 11 of our nephews and nieces, and we enjoy visiting with them as well. It is important to stay healthy and exercise and I do those things with varying degrees of success. I workout at the gym, play basketball with a group weekly, and my wife and I enjoy riding bikes in the area and an occasional 5k run,” he said.
<|endofexample|>
Recently, California Closets Twin Cities transformed Twin Cities Live hosts, Elizabeth Ries and John Hanson's cluttered dressing room. You can view photos of the transformation and watch Elizabeth and John's reactions at our Facebook Page:
California Closets Galleria Design Studio - Minneapolis, MN
We were ecstatic to be featured again on January 5, 2012! Our local franchise owner, Michelle Skjei, took viewers on a tour throughout her home, and inside of her California Closets. Lots of great storage and organization ideas for your home for the New Year! View them here.
<|endofexample|>
If you told me that we'd get to start our NIT run with our two best big men either limited or out, I'd sigh heavily and start having flashbacks through years of Cal fandom. In a truly unfortunate turn of events, our lone senior found his season come to a cruel end from a dislocated shoulder suffered in practice. No problem. Harper will just have to pick up the slack, right? Um...Harper spent all day vomiting and had to receive several IV's throughout the day. He's going to play, but looks like the walking dead. Can I get an "doh?"
It would have been easy for our Cal Bears to be disheartened and to go quietly into the night. We all know the season has already been success and who could fault us for losing with two of our best players unable to play at full strength?
On the other hand, we could use the adversity as a rallying point and use a "rabid" home crowd to play out of our minds! Who's with me!?!?!
1st Half:
Cal came out in zone. Smart move considering the depth issues and might have been the plan all along because we have trouble matching up with their quicker guards. It was clear from the start that Jorge didn't get the memo about our depth chart woes. Or maybe he got it and just didn't care. Between Jorge's driving brilliance and Crabbe's sniping from 3, the Bears quickly ran out to a 19-8 lead. Solomon and Bak Bak were doing a great job early on controlling the glass. Then Solomon took an elbow to the nose and had to sit. Ole Miss took advantage and went on an 8-3 run using several offensive boards to prolong their possessions. It became clear that it would be a contest between Ole Miss' streaky 3-point shooting and Cal's determination. Kamp started strong, but looked like he wore down and didn't show the same lift or agility around the basket. Similarly, Jorge kept making hustle plays, but his jumper started to look really flat. To stop Jorge and Smith from penetrating, Ole Miss went exclusively zone. They were almost playing a bit of a matchup with someone always jumping out at Crabbe while leaving Smith open on the perimeter. Although Smith hit one jumper, he wasn't able to make them pay. The guys were battling, but it looked Ole Miss' superior depth started to wear us down.
The good: Great energy to start. We rode Jorge's aggression and Crabbe's 3 point shooting to a slim 41-39 lead at half.
The bad: Even though 3-pt shooting is what Ole Miss does, our zone got tired and started giving up easier looks. Warren and Graham were as advertised from deep.
The ugly: When Solomon was out of the game, we gave up too many offensive boards. In particular, our wings and guards were getting beaten to the long rebounds.
2nd Half:
I'm not sure what magical adjustments Monty could make at halftime. Our post game simply didn't have the same threat with MSF out and with Kamp being clearly impaired. At this point in the season, it's not so much knowing where to go on defense and how to run the sets on offense - it was more about having the legs and stamina to get it done. Jorge and Kamp led the way out of the gates along with a revamped defense that forced several early turnovers. In a surprising move, Monty decided to go man and it seemed to confuse the Ole Miss offense for a time. Cal was able to build a slim 6 pt lead behind a bucket and free throws from...Bak Bak? But our momentum stalled around some curious non-calls, and Ole Miss rallied behind a 3 from Warren and a Henry free throw. We regained the lead using great defense to force turnovers and some nifty passing on the offensive end. Then, Solomon had to go out with an unknown leg injury...and Cal fans everywhere felt that familiar knot start deep in our collective guts. But just when it seemed the tide had turned, the mighty Bak Bak got himself dunked on and managed to make it such a posterized moment that he drew a technical on an Ole Miss player for taunting. Brilliant! Crabbe shook off a cold streak to nail a 3, a free throw, and then a leaner to give Cal a 10 point lead, 68-58, with 5:36 to play. But then fatigue and injury took their toll. The Bears slowly gave away their lead through a combination of turnovers and missed free throws. Ole Miss rode Chris Warren's scoring to cut it to 73-72 with 44.7 to go. Kamp answered with a clutch baseline jumper off a nice look from Emerson Murray. A quick drive netted two free throws for Henry...Uh oh. Could Cal win a free throw shooting contest? No way. So, Jorge decided to put the game away. After calmly nailing two free throws to regain our three point lead, he locked up Chris Warren and knocked the ball away. Henry picked up the loose ball, but his desperation heave was off line. And the Bears have won!!!
The ugly: It feels like a quibble, but we left a lot of points at the free throw line.
The bad: As the guys got tired, we forced a few early shots and made some sloppy turnovers that helped get them back in the game.
The good: We won! We finally closed out a game by putting our best defensive player on their star scorer. As great as Jorge was all game, the game ball goes to Harper Kamp for shaking off the flu (hospitalized for multiple IVs?!) and a rough 1st half to be our rock in the 2nd half.
Final thoughts:
I suppose we shouldn't be surprised anymore. This team is tough. Boot-leather tough. Decade-old beef jerky tough. @Desmond Bishop twitter-verse tough. Our guys fought through injuries, fatigue, and illness to pull one out against a dangerous SEC team. With Ole Miss streaky 3-point shooting and Warren's individual brilliance, you knew that no lead was safe. But we got just enough scoring from Allen Crabbe, hustle plays from Jorge, and clutch baskets from not-quite-dead-yet Harper Kamp. And you can't overlook the contributions of Robert Thurman, Bak Bak, and Emerson Murray for being able to give our starters a breather. If heart were justly rewarded, we wouldn't face a quick two-day turnaround against a #1 seed on the road. But you know what? I wouldn't want to play us. Let's go annex Colorado. Go Bears!
Poll
Who was your player of the game?
HIP, HIP - JORGE! (87 votes)
ZOMBIE KAMP! (32 votes)
CRABBE - FEAST! (12 votes)
SOLO!!! (4 votes)
The training staff...especially whoever spiked Kamp's IV at half. (17 votes)
152 total votes
There are 39 Comments. Load Now.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!
<|endofexample|>
Photo by Todd Yates, Corpus Christi Caller-Times
The Moreno family, Martina, 16 (from left), Martin, and Matthew, sit down for a family dinner of hamburgers. Although Martin attended diabetes self-management classes in an attempt to keep from getting the disease, he and Martina both have been diagnosed with diabetes.
Be the first to post a comment!
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
<|endofexample|>
June 2012 Press Releases
Ed Robertiello Named Senior Portfolio Manager of Absolute Return StrategiesJune 26, 2012
CalPERS Takes Ownership Interest in North America Real Estate AdvisorJune 26, 2012
CalPERS Names Douglas Hoffner to Top Post for Operations and TechnologyJune 19, 2012
CalPERS Distributes More than $19 Million in Medicare Retiree Drug SubsidiesJune 18, 2012
CalPERS Committee Recommends 2013 Health Benefits RatesJune 12, 2012
CalPERS CIO Joe Dear Elected Chair of SEC Investor Advisory CommitteeJune 12, 2012
Dated: 06-26-2012
<|endofexample|>
second skin cut + sew hipster
$12.00
buy 3 for $30
See Promotional Details
- silky stretch blend hipster
- flat elastic logo waistband
- tonal topstitching
- ribbon trim leg openings
- cotton gusset
- universal style no. d3418
- machine wash
- 76% nylon 24% elastane
- imported
style no. 51003418
color
size
quantity
second skin cut + sew hipster 4 5
review good fit - lightweight- but waistband crumples up. February 5, 2013
love 'em These fit great, super thin fabric, no lines, great colors. Will definitely buy more of these! March 29, 2012
Light as a feather and no panty lines! I was told by a friend that these are the number 1 panties for 'no-lines'....and it is TRUE!!! Feather light, fits fine and they are hardly noticeable!! January 19, 2012
Yuck Threw them out after the first try on. Can nobody make underwear that doesn't cause monster panty lines? January 29, 2012
<|endofexample|>
excellent flattering slim fit shirt to show off a tight bod... this shirt is great for alot of reasons. first, wonderful fit -- if you've got a lean and lithe to athletic build (but not a crazy muscle build), this gives you a very nice and striking silhouette. it *shows* people you have a good bod. second, it's nice that the material has a bit of stretch / lycra to it, that makes it much more comfy as you move around and do your every day thing. you don't want a shirt that is so trim, it is constricting and uncomfy! third, it is (relatively) no iron. so it generally keeps it shape and appearance and you still look nice and sharp after a days wear. these are very good shirt, i just bought 3 because especially when there's a site-wide sale here (there always is for any major holiday), they are a steal. my one criticism is, you have to be quite careful how you wash these. do it on a gentle cycle, don't put it in the dryer even though it says you can do it on ie low heat. just line dry it or something. first, that keeps it less wrinkled. (even tho it says no-iron, that's not really true. you have to lightly go over it for it to look crisp and good again, but it is certainly less ironing that you'd have to do on a 100% cotton shirt). the other reason to avoid the dryer is, when my first shirt of these went it, it came out and the collar had puckered -- there were all these dimples and bumps and ridges. same was true of the cuffs. there was no way to iron / press these out. my little knowledge of fabrics is that the material is fused to some type of lining for shape, and these layers are connected by fabric adhesive / glue. that glue bubbles up or comes undone if it gets too hot, and hence the material puckers as it separates. there might be another reason for the material crimpling (and not being able to be fixed!), but based on my fashion experience, that's what causes it. (i btw returned the messed up shirt to the ck store - they exchanged it no questions asked). i just wash these very gentle and hang dry, touch up with a light iron, and that's definitely a better way to handle 'em! anyway a very good shirt. makes you look good if you have the bod for it! December 2, 2012
Very nice shirt I love this shirt - it is extra slim fit, nicely made and is offered in many colors! No complaints whatsoever! November 13, 2012
Best Dress Shirt I Have Yet to Encounter This shirt is the best fit I for a natural athletic build that I have found. The quality of the fabric, the design, and the proportions are excellent. I have rarely found a shirt that when fitting my moderately broad shoulders is not too wide for my normal 34 waist, since many button-down shirts are made to accommodate a larger male waist or straight torso. The width of the sleeve is also the appropriate width, unlike the bulk found in many dress shirts. Additionally, being non-iron, it has not wrinkled. I have bought six of these shirts (Three white for the office, one black, one midnight blue, and one mineral/lavender), and anticipate buying more if CK were to manufacture some with much less vibrant color; softer, more subtle, dilute tones. The colors are, however, more intense than those portrayed on your monitor. November 4, 2012
Nice shirt.. fit, material, quality, and color on this line of CK shirts are great.... It's rare for a day to go by when I'm not complimented when wearing one of my body fit ck shirts. the cut of the body fit style is done perfectly.... I think I have every color at this point August 7, 2012
<|endofexample|>
lake water matrix slim fit knit boxer
$19.00
buy 3 for $39
See Promotional Details
- slim fit knit boxer
- cut slightly shorter
- narrower leg openings
- lower rise
- exposed logo waistband and logo button fly
- perfect for fitted pants and jeans
- machine washable
- MFG# U1029
- 100% soft cotton
- made in hong kong/china/thailand
style no. 63131029
color
size
quantity
lake water matrix slim fit knit boxer 2 5
Carnical Stripe Is The Best Very relaxing boxers. I have the carnival stripe print and it looks pretty cool. Calvin does it again>>>>>>>>>>> September 22, 2011
Converted from boxer briefs These are snug and non-stiff compared to typical boxers, but less so than briefs. I abandoned the boxer brief style after trying these. I can never go back! June 29, 2011
1-3 of 3
<|endofexample|>
A pioneering transplant doctor has taken over the running of Addenbrooke’s – and set his sights on turning it around in the coming year.
Dr Keith McNeil spoke to the News just hours after he took on the role of chief executive at Cambridge University Hospitals (CUH) NHS Foundation Trust about his plans to transform the trust, which had been failing to meet treatment standards for months.
It has been without a permanent chief executive since last June – Karen Castille has been interim chief executive.
Dr McNeil, a cardiac and respiratory specialist, aims to get the hospital “functioning correctly from the ground up by giving the staff resources to provide high-level patient care”.
He said: “This means not only technical care but being caring and compassionate. That transforms good health care into great health care. Those resources are not only money but time, proper education, leadership and training.”
Dr McNeil, who led the team for Australia’s first heart-lung-liver transplant, came to Addenbrooke’s from his native Australia, where he led Metro North Hospital Service in Brisbane.
He previously spent seven years at Papworth and Addenbrooke’s – the latter five years as a cardio-pulmonary transplant and respiratory physician and director of the pulmonary vascular disease unit.
During this time he was pivotal in establishing the UK’s centre for pulmonary endarterectomy at Papworth – in which blood vessels of the lungs are cleared of clots and scar material.
The father-of-three said he wanted to work closely with researchers to address problems within the hospital.
He said: “What I would like to see is a really seamless entity in terms of the academic science health partnership.
“The challenge is translating that work in the clinic but we have got to go one step further and as researchers to look at the problems we are facing in the hospital.
“So rather than translating science into medicine – bench to bedside – we are looking to go from the bedside to the bench and back to the bedside.”
rachel.allen @cambridge-news.co.uk
<|endofexample|>
A conman has been attempting to steal bank details from residents in Essex by posing as a police officer.
The male suspect is known to call people at random and tell them their bank details have been found in the possession of criminals.
In an attempt to verify he is a genuine officer he gives the name, Sgt James Hackett – no such officer exists – and invites his victim to call him back urgently on the non-emergency police 101 number.
One victim who called to find out more became suspicious when there was no ring tone and no extension number given. He hung up immediately but another victim was tricked into giving details.
Tony Ellis, a crime reduction officer for the force,."
<|endofexample|>
England hopeful over Swann fitness
England are confident key spinner Graeme Swann will be fit for next week's first Investec Test against South Africa, following a cortisone injection and necessary rest for his sore bowling elbow.
The 33-year-old has an apparently chronic problem in his right elbow and has already undergone surgery on the joint in the past. But coach Andy Flower expects both Swann and seamer Tim Bresnan - also rested from the final match of England's 4-0 NatWest Series victory over Australia on Tuesday because of an elbow niggle - to be ready to face South Africa on July 19.
." said. "He can't go on forever. There'll be some opportunities for others in the international students vote to boycott The Sun over page three
- Cambridge University IT worker had 13,000 child abuse images
- Motorists face roadworks on key Cambridge route for up to three months
-<<
<|endofexample|>
Hughton: Kamara adds another dimension
- Cambridge University students vote to boycott The Sun over page three
- Cambridge University IT worker had 13,000 child abuse images
- Motorists face roadworks on key Cambridge route for up to three months
- Local papers still the 'heartbeat of any community'
-<<
<|endofexample|>
Cambridge Intermediate Latin Readers
- Readership: Latin language
- Level: graduate students, undergraduate students
Cambridge Intermediate Latin Readers are aimed at students moving on to genuine, unsimplified Latin prose and poetry after completing an introductory Latin course. Each volume will focus on a single author or topic, and will contain a useful introduction, detailed notes providing a lot of help with grammar, expression and translation, a full vocabulary, and passages of appreciation to make the selections come alive as literature. The aim of the series is to enhance students' perception and enjoyment of the stories while helping them to translate and appreciate unsimplified Latin.
<|endofexample|>
Sony HDR-PJ790V
Sony HDR-PJ790V
1
Sony HDR-PJ790V
A
We've given the Sony HDR-PJ790V a grade of A.
This product is ranked
Editor's Review
Create cinematic video in high definition 1920 x 1080 24p/60p and high quality 24.
Store Ratings and Offer Details for the
Sony HDR-PJ790V
Specifications
- 1920x1080 Full HD 24p/60p with 24.1MP Exmor R CMOS Sensor
- Project up to 100" videos with 35lm built-in projector
- HDMI input terminal projects content from external devices
- Up to 37hr 50min recording with 96GB1 embedded Flash Memory
- 3.0" Xtra Fine LCD display (921K) touch screen
- Part Number: HDR-PJ790V
- UPC: 027242863514
- Release Date: Jan 07, 2013
Sony HDR-PJ790V Comments & Questions (write your own!)
Viewfinder Problem (Jim Robinson — 03/22/2013)
The view finder on the HD CX700 and the 760 would not hold the focus setting for your individual eye when pushed back into the storage position. Did Sony fix this on the HDR PJ 790v or any other comparable models??reply to this comment
<|endofexample|>
Camelback Web Architects is proud to announce support for PHP 5.3 for the latest version of liveSite. PHP 5.3 improves on the performance and security of PHP-based software applications. PHP is the software coding language behind liveSite.
Your liveSite data (database) is compatible with either version of PHP, so you can upgrade to PHP 5.3 without affecting your existing liveSite website. liveSite for PHP 5.3 requires the Zend Guard Loader to run (a free software program), and you must already be running the latest version of liveSite (v7.2).
Contact your hosting provider for more information about getting PHP 5.3 and Zend Guard Loader installed on your web server or hosting account. Please also review our installation instructions to determine which version of liveSite is required for your specific web hosting environment.
liveSite for PHP 5.3 is now available for free from our download page.
<|endofexample|>
1 Comment(s) Add a Comment
It's time to take your online presence to another level, and WebsiteAlive has teamed up with Camelback to offer live chat for your liveSite website at an unbelievable price! Why pay setup costs and expensive monthly fees to premium chat providers when you can get the same advanced features for much less?
Don't miss an opportunity even if you are out of the office! Chat with your website visitors in real-time through any mobile device! Free apps are included with your chat plan.
You won't believe how easy it is to add chat to your liveSite! It literally takes only a few minutes to signup and start chatting. WebsiteAlive's chat services are already built into your liveSite software (v7.1+). No code to install or complex configurations to manage. But don't take our word for it, check out the video and see for yourself!
This tutorial video will take you through the simple steps to get signed up with WebsiteAlive and order the AliveChat plan that is right for you! Your plan will be discounted automatically when ordering through your liveSite Control Panel as instructed in the video.
NOTE: You don't have to have a liveSite Software Subscription to take advantage of this offer. It's available thru any liveSite Control Panel!
If you have any questions, please contact us.
<|endofexample|>
If it involves any type of residential landscape design, commercial landscape design, construction, masonry, landscape maintenance or organic lawn or garden care, Camilla can keep your property looking its best.
Our goal is to beautify your property while respecting our planet, thanks to a policy of using earth-friendly products and practices whenever possible. How can we help you?
<|endofexample|>
Camps on this page offer fine arts as an activity or a focus.
Your child's enthusiasm for the fine arts will almost certainly be incubated at one of these camps. As you browse the art camp listings below, be sure to note whether the camp offers a specific focus on art training or it merely presents art as one of many camp activities. While many are summer camps only, note that some camps offer year round programs. A March break art camp is a great way to encourage your child's creativity during the doldrums of spring break.
Fine arts camps can feature a variety of program focuses including sculpture and painting, as well as multi-media and other newer forms of art. Kids are allowed to indulge their love of art but will also participate in other typical camp activities.
Check out fine art camps from across Canada and the northern United States.
Arrowhead Camp
A summer camp in the Muskokas with a ratio of 1:3 counselors to campers. A variety of camp programs include kayaking, arts and more.
Day & OvernightTraditionalArts/Dance/Music
GTA PHOTOGRAPHY CLASSES : TEEN CAMPS
Campers will learn key photography principles and practice during daily field trips, studio shoots and much more!
Day CampArts/Dance/Music
Camp Wabikon
Overnight coed summer camp dedicated to the ideals of leadership and friendship, with wilderness trips and a variety of sports activities.
OvernightTraditionalArts/Dance/Music
Centauri Summer Arts Camp
A sleepover camp with a focus on arts including computer, creative writing, dance and music recording, along with sports and other activities.
Day & OvernightArts/Dance/MusicArts/Dance/Music
Digital Media Academy
Accredited by Stanford University, DMA is "The Summer Digital Art and Technology Camp for Kids and Teens!"
Day & OvernightComputer/Education/ScienceArts/Dance/Music
No Strings Theatre
A multi-faceted arts day camp ideal for families from thoroughout the GTA. Programs include dance, music, theatre arts and vocal training.
Stratford Shakespeare Festival
A drama camp put on by the world-renowned theatre in a picturesque small town Ontario setting. Features creative writing and dance also.
OvernightArts/Dance/Music
The Second City Training Centre
Explore the fundamentals of improvisation and sketch comedy at the Toronto Second City Youth and Teen camps.
Allegro Academy of Music and Art
This Thornhill, Ontario summer music camp offers daily music classes in kindermusik, drama and arts, along with math, reading, language and fun kids games.
Art Gallery of Ontario Art Camps
Summer camp and March Break camp with an innovative arts-based program in different media, close to downtown Toronto.
Art Works Art School
A community based summer camp whose mandate is to introduce adults, teens and children to the enriching world of art.
ArtVenture Summer & March Break McMichael Art Camps
Kids' art camp where kids can get creative: summer camp and March break camps are offered. Located in Vaughn, north of Toronto.
Avenue Road Arts School
Arts camp focuses on drama, visual arts and music. Offers summer camp and March Break programs, along with year round classes.
Canada's Academy of Stage and Studio Arts
This unique kids art camp in Toronto's west end uses the facilities of Kingsway College School, including an outdoor amphitheatre, visual arts studio and more.
Children's Arts Theatre School
This Mississauga theatre arts program offers age specific programs, with training in writing, improvisation, storytelling, creative dance and other performing arts.
Classical Music Conservatory
Here at CMC, you will be among friends and families where you will learn, discover, explore, and fall in love with music.
Dance-n-Arts
DANCE, ACT, SING AND PLAY. The leader in Arts Day Camps since 1964, ages 5-14 Years. Camps are held in two locations, Etobicoke and North York.
Design Exchange (DX)
Conveniently located in the heart of Toronto, the former Toronto Stock Exchange building offers a unique and inspiring setting for these creative camp sessions.
Designher Co. + Studio For Movement Camp
Projects include high-quality fashion accessories, jewelry design & more! Movement activities include creative dance and yoga.Camps available for PA Days, March, Passover, Christmas and Summer Break.
Durham Summer Camps
Oshawa's top camp for kids and teens. Offering a diverse range of programs including: music, rock camp, moviemaking, design, animation, video game development, arts, sewing and more.
Explore Culture and Arts in Clearview
Chinese language and culture, cooking, calligraphy, drawing, creative crafts, lion dance, Chinese paper cutting, drama, French, outdoor field trips and regular picnic lunches at a water splash pad.
Girls of Destiny
We teach girls that they matter; we help them appreciate and value themselves while developing life skills such as Leadership, Personal Development and Etiquette.
Great Big Theatre Company
With over 30 locations throughout Ontario, this summer camp offers one week sessions focusing mainly on theatre arts, with some music.
Guitar Workshop Plus
The ultimate experience in music education! Locations in Ontario and BC offering day and overnight music and performance programs.
Day & OvernightArts/Dance/Music
Harbourfront Centre Camps
Summer camps and March Break camps offering a variety of specializations including sports, arts, leadership and much more.
Harmony Arts Academy Musical Theatre Camp
Kids aged 6 - 12 can spend a week exploring the exciting world of musical theatre! This day-camp merges classes in: singing, acting, dancing, costume making, prop and set design.
Hawthorn Summer Camp
This summer camp is put on by Hawthorn School for Girls, in the Don Mills area of Toronto.
Interprovincial Music Camp
Interprovincial Music Camp programs include orchestra, band, musical theatre, jazz, rock, songwriting and event production.
Let It Be Music
Let It Be Music respects the individual learning styles of each student. Let It Be Music services are available all year long in the comfort of pupils' homes or at a private studio.
Living Arts Centre Summer Camps
Ideal for GTA families looking for summer camp, March Break or single day programs throughout the year, with music, arts, dance, more.
LONG BAY CAMP - Arts By The Lake
This unique overnight camp in Eastern Ontario offers a focus on arts but also includes sports like soccer and volleyball and much more.
Oakville Galleries
Oakville Galleries' art classes and camps teach a dynamic range of traditional and contemporary art activities that encourage children to explore the furthest reaches of their imaginations.
Randolph Academy for the Performing Arts
Dance, music, theatre arts and health and fitness are all on the bill at this camp for kids striving to be a triple threat and build understanding and love of performing.
Ryerson Theatre School Summer Camp
This summer acting camp, put on by Ryerson University, allows children to explore the world of theatre arts and performance, expanding their creative potential.
SimplySmart Summer Camp (SSSC)
SimplySmart summer camp has a large variety of camps that the kids will love from arts, dance, science, martial arts, tennis and the list goes on and on.
Studio 24 sing | dance | act
Studio 24 offers remarkable “must do” March Break/Summer Dance & Musical Theater Camp experiences. Let your child explore acting, singing and dance.
Studio PAVAS
Offers various arts camps in art, muisc, drama and dance as well as vocal training. Year-round including summer and March Break camps.
The Circus Academy (formerly The Centre of Gravity)
A great childhood experience! Activities include the basics of juggling, stilt walking, tumbling, clowning and aerial acrobatics.
Day CampArts/Dance/MusicSports
Toronto Music Camp
At the Toronto Music Camp, children from ages 7-17 can participate in several different summer music camps. Rock Camp, Drum Camp, Vocal Camp, Singer/Songwriter Camp, Junior Camp and more.
Young Actors Camp
Choose from a variety of programs with celebrity guests: film and TV acting, comedy and improv, GLEE camp or directing.
Young People's Theatre/YPT
This theatre arts (drama and acting) camp also teaches creative writing and public speaking, with year round programs in North York, Etobicoke and Toronto.
Victoria International Ballet Academy
One of the GTA's top Ballet Academies with classes for professional dancers and camps for kids and teens at every level.
<|endofexample|>
- News
- Business
- Sports
- Entertainment
- Lifestyle
- Health
- Travel
- Technology
VICTORIA — Former New Democrat premier Ujjal Dosanjh says the ethnic vote-winning debate that has hammered the B.C. Liberals and forced them to issue numerous apologies is nauseating, sanctimonious and holier-than-thou.
Dosanjh, who was also a former federal Liberal cabinet minister, says the only real problem with the leaked B.C. Liberal ethnic strategy is its calls to co-ordinate operations between taxpayer funded government workers and B.C. Liberal Party operatives when it comes to courting ethnic voters.
Otherwise, Dosanjh says the scandal that has forced Clark’s former deputy chief of staff and her multiculturalism minister to resign and prompted an internal review is much ado about nothing.
Dosanjh says all political parties — the Liberals, New Democrats and federal Conservatives — engage in what he calls pandering for votes, and this pandering heats up as elections near.
In 1999, Dosanjh, known for his strong views in B.C.’s politically active Sikh community, became Canada’s first Indo-Canadian politician to lead a political party when he succeeded former NDP premier Glen Clark.
Dosanjh says he completely opposes political parties issuing apologies to multicultural groups for historical injustices, calling them phoney.
<|endofexample|>
Submitted by PEI Representative on
North of Rte 20, on County Line Rd. Secluded, sandy ocean beach. Four deluxe three-bedroom cottages with upper and lower decks. Pine interior. Fully equipped, barbecue, microwave, dishwasher, washer, colour satellite TV/VCR. Open May 16-Sept 30. Off-season rates before June 22 and after Aug 25. Cottage - 4 hsk units. 4 B&S. 4 TVs. Daily $250(1-4), $10 add'l person. Weekly $1700(1-4), $50 add'l person.
<|endofexample|>
EDMONTON (Alberta)
THE FESTIVAL CITY OF EDMONTON
Edmonton is located at the center of Alberta and is the province's capital city. The North Saskatchewan River dominates its landscape and goes through the center of the city. It has a very dry climate and there were 812,201 people living in Edmonton in 2011, the majority of which are white. Most of the populace are of European descent and come from families who were originally from England, Scotland, Germany, and Ireland. More than one-half of the population is Christians, most of whom are Protestants.
Edmonton is considered one of the most important regions for the country's petroleum industry. In fact, it was referred to as the oil capital of Canada during the 1940s. Although the energy sector is a major part of Edmonton's income, the city also has the reputation of being the most economically diverse in Canada. Many Edmontonians have jobs in the industrial sector with employers like Telus, IBM, Intuit Canada and Canadian Western Bank. The city is also one of the top centers for research and education in the country. Private sectors and the government are currently sponsoring research initiatives in the city.
HOW IT BEGAN
Although Edmonton was founded earlier on, the area's population and its economy received a boost with the coming of the Canadian Pacific Railway in the late 19th century. The railway made it easy for people from areas such as Eastern Canada, the United States and Europe to take advantage of Edmonton's fertile and affordable land. The area was also one of the stopping points for Klondikers, people who are going to the Klondike region in the northwestern territory of the Yukon to prospect for gold. This influx of people contributed to Edmonton's reputation as a commercial and agricultural area even in the early 1900s.
Edmonton merged with Strathcona in 1912, making the city expand to the southern region of the North Saskatchewan River but the city's economy and population declined before the start of World War I. From the 1920s to the 1930s, however, the city saw its commercial prospects rise again, especially with development of Edmonton as a major component for the construction of the Alaska-Canada Highway.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO CHECK OUT...
╣Edmonton International Fringe Theater Festival. This is an event celebrated in Edmonton every August and is considered the largest festival of its kind in North America. It features various live performances in theaters and other venues throughout the city. This is one of the largest among the 30+ festivals that get celebrated in Edmonton throughout the year.
╣John Janzen Nature Center. It showcases the natural wonders of Edmonton with permanent displays of insects, fish, amphibians and reptiles. It also features interactive exhibits, self-guided tours and hiking trails where you can encounter various wildlife.
╣Valley Zoo. It has the reputation of being an intimate zoo. It houses over 100 species of exotic and native animals, as opposed to the thousands that can be found in bigger zoos. This also means that visitors can have a closer contact with wild animals than usual. The zoo opened its doors to the public in 1959 with plans to unveil renovations and expansions in 2012.
╣Muttart Conservatory. It is hard to mistake this botanical garden because of its four giant pyramid-shaped greenhouses. It is situated in the rich North Saskatchewan River Valley and is already considered as one of the city's major landmarks. The conservatory features hundreds of plant species that grow in desert-like environments as well as tropical and temperate climates.
╣Telus World of Science (formerly the Odyssium). It is one of the Edmonton's premier landmarks located at the city's Woodcroft area. It features a planetarium and an observatory as well as a wide variety of themed science exhibits and galleries. The center attracts thousands of tourists throughout the year since its launch in 1984.
╣Rexall Place (formerly the Skyreach Center). This is an indoor arena located on the northern side of the city's Northlands area. The arena is home for the hockey teams Edmonton Oilers and Edmonton Oil Kings, as well as the Edmonton Rush national lacrosse team. It currently has the seating capacity of around 17,000.
╣Northlands Park (formerly Northlands Spectrum). It is located at the city's Northlands area and is considered as one of the province's premiere horse racing facility. It also houses restaurants and a gaming room filled with slot machines.
╣Old Strathcona. It is a district located at the south part in Edmonton's central area. It is considered as the city's main entertainment and arts area. It is actually one of the province's premier historic sites and is made up of five blocks of shops, bars and restaurants. It also has many of the city's theaters and venues for live performances.
╣West Edmonton Mall. It is the biggest mall in North America and is rank five in the entire world. It has more than 800 shops with a wide variety of goods and services and has a parking lot for over 20,000 vehicles. It services thousands of shoppers every day and can average to more than 28 million visitors a year.
╣World Waterpark. It is located in West Edmonton Mall and is the world's biggest indoor amusement park meant for water sports and games. It features one of the biggest indoor wave generators in the world. It also has a wide variety of water slides and a very high tower meant for rock climbing and bungee jumping over water.
╣Elk Island National Park. This area is actually an hour's ride away from Edmonton and is situated in the Beaverhills area. It features a wide range of landscapes typical of the ecosystem found in the northern prairies. It also hosts a variety of plants and wildlife. The park is open 24/7 throughout the year.
TOURISTS SHOULD KNOW
Edmonton has bus services operated by Greyhound Canada and Red Arrow. For people who would like to drive their own vehicle, there are car rental companies have branch offices throughout the city and at the city airport.
<|endofexample|>
Recent Posts
Recent Comments
Archives
Categories
Admin
Monthly Archives: January 2011
Experiences of the National Health Service
At the January meeting we shared what was going on for us, as we all continue to make sense of the shock of diagnosis and the ongoing challenge of coming to terms with our new states, especially when our treatments … 
Posted in News Leave a comment
<|endofexample|>
CIS Versilia Skateplaza – PhotogalleryWednesday, May 30th, 2012
Pictures: (c)Federico Casella We already told you about the first stop of the CIS Italian skateboarding championships 2012 in Versilia. Weather was sunny and the 55 skaters were on fire! Federico Casella took some breathtaking pictures and we want to share them with you. To read again the official report click on Cis Versilia Skateplaza [...]
<|endofexample|>
It's time for yet another big board and mock draft update from your resident friendly ghost.
With the college season nearing an end, and people seemingly chomping at the bit for summer to come this is the time it gets interesting to see how things develop. So sit back, relax, enjoy Darko mania for another two weeks, and get ready for all the mock drafts, off-season plans, rumors, and player development banter you can handle.
Me? I love the next two months even if there is little basketball news outside of the playoffs and the thousand of rumors.
Who will declare? I'm not going to claim to have any answers to that, only personal opinion..
How will the lottery turn out? Will the Timberwolves finally get a top-2 pick? What happens to Rubio if the Timberwolves get the #1? What happens to Al and Love this offseason? And perhaps the biggest question of all... will Darko come back?! So many things.
Here's my latest take on how the draft may play out to get you all "in the mood" for this weekend of basketball and get excited for the summer. Don't forget, my board has flexible tiers, allowing for teams to go down one tier if there is a much greater need there.
Tier 2:
2. Evan Turner
Tier 3:
3. Derrick Favors
4. DeMarcus Cousins
Tier 4:
5. Wesley Johnson
6. Ed Davis
Tier 5:
7. Greg Monroe
8. Cole Aldrich
9. Xavier Henry
10. Hassan Whiteside
Tier 6:
11. Devin Ebanks
12. Al-Farouq Aminu
13. Jan Vesely
14. Ekpe Udoh
15. Donatas Motiejunas
Tier 7:
16. John Henson
17. Paul George
18. Patrick Patterson
19. James Anderson
Tier 8:
20. Darington Hobson
21. Kemba Walker
22. Willie Warren
23. Elias Harris
24. Gordon Hayward
25. Damion James
26. Larry Sanders
27. Artsiom Parakhouski
Tier 9:
28. Avery Bradley
29. Eric Bledsoe
30. Luke Babbitt
31. Quincy Pondexter
32. Dominique Jones
33. Stanley Robinson
34. Solomon Alabi
35. Craig Brackins
Tier 10:
36. Da'Sean Butler
37. Jerome Jordan
38. Jarvis Varnado
39. Gani Lawal
42. Kyle Singler
41. Jordan Crawford
42. Jeff Taylor
Mock Time! John Henson, Kemba Walker, Elias Harris, Luke Babbitt, Jordan Crawford, and Jeff Taylor were excluded from the mock. The rest of the guys listed above are fair game. You can see I added Vesely and Motiejunas to the big board since the last mock, but I'm certainly not knowledgeable about either, going to do my best on placing them, however.
1. New Jersey - John Wall (PG):
Ba-dow!
2. Minnesota - Evan Turner (SG/SF):
No Wall? Okay, I'd be kind of bummed, but getting Turner would still be fantastic and fill a big... no... humongous need. 35mpg of great all-around play straight out.
3. Golden State - DeMarcus Cousins (C):
One of the tougher decisions. Favors fits their uptempo style while also being able to physically play against any PF and most Cs in the league. Cousins, however, gives them a beast down low to form a pretty good inside-outside game with Curry.
4. Washington - Derrick Favors (PF/C):
Blatche doing well? That's good and all, but Favors has star potential and Blatche and Favors really aren't a bad fit in the frontcourt, especially with McGee being the third big in the trio. Nice start to their rebuild by picking up a guy with the potential to be the best player in the draft.
5. Detroit - Ed Davis (PF/C):
Curious team they have assembled, so it's kind of hard to peg where they'd go with this pick. Davis can come in and give them solid production right away at PF or C while having plenty of room to grow. Problem is, he seemed passive on both ends.
6. Sacramento - Hassan Whiteside (PF/C):
Another tough spot. Johnson is BPA and Whiteside is a headcase. However, Sacramento needs to go with potential, and Whiteside has plenty of that and could be a pretty nice fit in their frontcourt if he pans out.
7. Philadelphia - Wesley Johnson (SF):
Might be the steal of the draft. Then again, it might be the correct kind of value. Seems like a nearly perfect fit next to Iguodala and this could launch them into the playoffs next year.
8. Utah (from NY) - Cole Aldrich (C):
This one seems like a pretty good match. Utah needs a defensive presence and size in the frontcourt, even if they play great team defense. This pick allows them to get an NBA ready player who is great at what he's made to do.
9. LA Clippers - Al-Farouq Aminu (SF/PF):
They have a hole at SF, and could use the versatility for their SF to play inside or out if they decide to go small-ball and have Griffin at C for some of his minutes. Great athlete with upside, however I'm skeptical if he'll ever reach it.
10. Indiana - Xavier Henry (SG/SF):
Another sharpshooter in Indiana? Well, they are kind of shooting themselves in the foot by playing so well. This pick wouldn't doom them to mediocrity, because Henry has room in his game to grow and become a star, but it's not the athletic PF that they desperately need.
11. New Orleans - Greg Monroe (PF/C):
If they move CP3, which some would say is a real possibility, then this pick could become a pure upside pick because they'd be in rebuilding mode. As it stands now, however, they need a player who still has potential to add to his game, but also can give them minutes right away. Would be able to play off Okafor or West pretty well.
12. Milwaukee (from CHI) - Jan Vesely (SF/PF):
Upside, upside, upside. I have no clue what his exact contract situation is, but an athletic 4 who can spread the floor and seems to have the game to work extremely well off of Bogut and next to Jennings who likes to run... I like it.
13. Houston - Donatas Motiejunas (PF/C):
Same deal as in all the drafts I've done - Houston is kind of stuck not really needing help anywhere, but certainly could use a backup plan in the frontcourt in case Yao never returns to what he was, and needs a guy on their roster who could potentially blow up and become something great.
14. Memphis - Devin Ebanks (SF/PF):
Makes Gay expendable if they don't want to pay? I think he could be the consummate role player at SF in the NBA. Great pairing with Mayo, and even if Gay stays, he fits in better with that team than Sam Young backing up the forward spots.
15. Miami (from TOR) - Ekpe Udoh (PF/C):
If Wade stays, they need an NBA-ready player. If Wade leaves, they need a guy with upside. Udoh is both, though may never become more than a 3rd big in the NBA. Defense, playmaking, and athleticism all in one frontcourt player is nice to have.
16. Minnesota (from CHA) - Paul George (SG/SF):
Athleticism which the Timberwolves desperately need? Check. Outside shot the Timberwolves desperately need? Check. Nice playmaking to work in the triangle? Check. Weakside defense the Timberwolves need? Check. Why does a guy like him fall then? Inconsistent, a defensive gambler, and doesn't attack the rim like he should.
17. Miami - James Anderson (SG/SF):
I don't know how well he'd work defensively next to Wade, but getting a guy this low who can score right away in the NBA is pretty good value. Not having to be a primary option makes those ball-handling issues become minute.
18. Chicago (from MIL) - Patrick Patterson (PF):
Likely wish they never made the deal with Milwaukee if they don't land a star FA in the summer, but if they do, then falling six spots and missing out on a chance at the two Europeans is going to sting. Patterson is a nice fit and can play next to a guy very similar to Wall, but more seasoned. I think it'd be great if he worked himself into playing spot minutes at SF.
19. San Antonio - Darington Hobson (SG/SF):
Kind of an odd pick for a Spurs team. However, with Manu potentially leaving, Jefferson not really giving them what they'd hope... I like it. Hobson can allow Parker to be more of a scorer while Hobson is a playmaker when he's in the game.
20. Portland - Larry Sanders (PF/C):
Decimated by injuries in the frontcourt, Portland went out and traded for Camby. Sanders isn't a Camby-clone, but he is athletic and does have nice weakside skills and ability to defend PFs (he gets pushed around by Cs) in the post. Kind of a tricky pick for me to come up with.
21. Oklahoma City - Artsiom Parakhouski (C):
They need size in the post. They have great players and prospects in the backcourt. They have Ibaka coming into his own in the frontcourt, but they need a big C to bang down low and grab rebounds. If he were a better defensive player, or played more teams which could offer him a challenge, he may go higher, but he wasn't and he didn't.
22. Boston - Willie Warren (SG):
Could be the steal of the draft. Could be a guy who never gets it. Could stay in school. But man... he could be great. Lots of could's, that pretty much sums up what I think of Warren.
23. Memphis (from DEN) - Eric Bledsoe (PG/SG):
I think he should stay in school, but it seems like he's leaving. Is he really a PG? We never really got to see at UK, but when he had the ball in his hands he seemed like a comboguard with relatively poor playmaking skills. Either way, Memphis needs another PG, and Bledsoe could be a nice pairing with Mayo.
24. Atlanta - Solomon Alabi (C):
They need size and defense to win a championship. Alabi technically gives them size... even if he's one of the softest C's outside of Hollins. I like the potential reward for Atlanta, however, and in his first year he can just be a fouling machine who gives them defense for 15mpg while they try to become a true contender.
25. Oklahoma City (from PHX) - Stanley Robinson (SF/PF):
Eh, I don't know what OKC is going to do with two rookies. Robinson plays the same position as Green, but he has a different type of role. Seems like a waste in OKC, however.
26. Minnesota (from UTA) - Damion James (SF/PF):
One wing. Two wings. Three wings? Last year it was about the PGs for the Timberwolves, this year it will be about the wings. Very nice value pick here and makes Gomes very expendable. Gives them a tougher wing than either Turner or George, and a guy who will give you his maximum effort every game.
27. New Jersey (from DAL) - Gordon Hayward (SF):
Nice value pick for them, even if they have a lot of wing prospects already on their roster. With the way Williams has been playing, Hayward would be a pretty good player next to him and Wall if they all do what I think they could. I might have him falling too far in this mock, however.
28. Orlando - Quincy Pondexter (SF/PF):
Pondexter plays bigger than he is, which works well next to a softie PF in Lewis. I don't know how well his game would work with a tank inside like Howard who stays in or near the paint at all times, but he's well worth a look for them if only because it gives them an athlete.
29. Memphis (from LAL) - Avery Bradley (PG/SG):
I can't see Memphis keeping three picks with the roster they have, but if they do, how interesting would it be for them to have Bledsoe, Bradley, and Mayo in the backcourt?
30. Washington (from CLE) - Dominique Jones (SG):
He's a scorer, who likely will be best served coming off the bench in the NBA, but for a Washington team who will likely struggle mightily, he seems like a decent option.
There you have it. Comments? Criticism? Questions? Have at it.
Also, Check out the blog at casperkid23.blogspot.com every once in a while because I throw write-ups up there and plan on putting quite a bit of stuff on there. The "Useful Files" section on the sidebar is a great place to start.
There are 172 Comments. Load Now.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!
<|endofexample|>
Indeed, I used superglue.for me it is important that the lens is protected in my camera bag.In use, I do not use the lens cap/lenshood at all on my 1DX.Initially I used your solution with scratch resistant paper, but on several of my hiking trips the lenscap came off in by backpack, so I glued the cap and the hood together
The problem with the cap is that the it uses two latches on the cap to fix it to the hood (using inside ridges at the end of of the long hood petals). These latches does not have enough force to keep the cap in place, indeed it is possible to drop the cap merely by shaking the lens/hood/cap (if it's in the "wrong" position). So how to increase the force provided by the latches? This is relatively easy, the cap latch mechanism is a single plastic construction that can be removed (this relates NOT to the hood with its single release button). This is done by pushing one of the latch buttons all the way in, towards the centre of the cap, and then gently pressing it down into the cap, it should release/pop out of the inside grooves. Repeat for the opposite latch. The entire latch ring can now be removed. It has the shape of a slightly flattened circle with the latches at opposite ends. At the inside of the push buttons one can see the latch ridges that interlocks with the hood.To increase the holding force, the latch ridges should be made to be further apart. This can be done by placing an object inside the ring that increases the distance between the latches by approx 3-5mm (the ring will now look more circular). Now for the scary part, use an adjustable heat gun with a narrow nozzle (10mm diameter) to reshape the plastic. The temperature of the air hitting the ring surface should not exceed 120 C, too hot and the plastic will melt (forcing you to buy a new cap). Note that there should not be any signs of the plastic ring melting during the procedure and certainly NO smoke! Carefully fan the centre 90 degrees of the exposed ring at opposite sides for approx 30-45 sec each (NOT the area of the latches, just the this part of the ring). Then leave the ring for a couple of minutes before removing the tensioning object in the middle. The procedure will "realign" the plastic shape, and should maintain its new shape.You can now test the gripping force by inserting the ring into the hood (best to disconnect the hood from the lens first), if the grip is sufficient the ring can be re-inserted into the cap. If not satisfied the procedure can be repeated with a slightly higher temperature or increased distance between the latches. Don't use excessive force when testing.The cap should now have a much better grip. I can now lift the lens by the cap, previously the opposite was often not possible!Note that the above procedure is done at our own risk.
<|endofexample|>
I've been saving my left kidney for just such an occasion.
$11,000 is a couple hundred dollars more than the combined price of the Nikon 200-400, a Nikon 1.4X TC and a D800 body at B&H. If Nikon introduces a "Pro" (16MP, 10FPS) DX D400 for $2300, that saves another $1000.
<|endofexample|>
So many endurance athletes are inundated with feedback, technology and distraction. We run and bike with GPS watches, heart-rate monitors, power meters, iPods, and more. These are all great tools to help us perform better and track our results. Too often they provide too much feedback and distraction. These tools are useless if you cannot push through the discomfort and pain, ignore the negative voices in your head and continue pushing towards your goal. Grit. Focus. Old School Tough.
It's too hot. Too hilly. Too cold. Too windy. My iPod died. My GPS locked up. It's too early.
Harden up people! Endurance sports are not easy. Reaching your own personal peak performance is very hard. It takes sacrifice, discipline and focus over time. Embrace the pain. Get familiar with the struggle in training so you can overcome it on race day.
Whether you are striving for a 5K personal best or a marathon breakthrough... get tough. Harden yourself mentally & physically to the struggle. Get Old School Tough.
#OldSchoolTough
Run Smart. Train Hard. Race Fast.
Coach Kevin is an RRCA-certified Running Coach. National Coach ~ Team McGraw, National Coach ~ St Jude Heroes. He also writes the Memphis Fit blog
Thanks . . . I needed this post right now!!!
<|endofexample|>
Unfortunately, we do not ship to your country.see our shipping destinations
When it comes down to the decision between aluminium and carbon opinions often differ. Carbon is lighter and stiffer than aluminium if the frame is well designed and premium fibres are used. However, carbon is only worthwhile in the higher price categories. In the 2000 Euro price range well equipped aluminium bikes with premium equipment such as the Ultimate AL 9.0 SL are the best choice.
It is also possible to construct true lightweights with aluminium. The editors write, "Thanks to the weight-saving anodized aluminium the frame weighs in at precisely under 1300 g - that's the best score in this test. The lightweight fork helps to open up the gap to the rivals even further". This is also reflected in the test scores. In every frame category the Canyon was in top spot and in 8 out of 10 categories the frame received the dream mark 1.0! It's therefore hardly surprising that the frame was a half mark better than its closest rivals.
The Ultimate AL 9.0 SL is fitted with components from SRAM. "The advantages of the Force group set are its low weight and the shift levers, which are comfortable to use", write the editors. They continue writing, "The usual Canyon quality coupled with outstanding value-for-money".
Outstanding frameset and lightweight equipment…
<|endofexample|>
.
A little closer to home, on Jan. 7-9, the department also will provide the flu shots at its North Fort Myers office at 83 Pondella Road.
Meanwhile, numbers on the upswing, this year's flu season prognosis isn't the best.
But we can take action to protect ourselves and our loved ones, and we can help mitigate its spread.
- Breeze editorial
2510 Del Prado Blvd. , Cape Coral, FL 33915 | 239-574-1110
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
I am in favor of having a full-service home improvement store of the quality that I believe Lowe's represents within a reasonable driving distance from my home in South Orleans.
Lowe's will provide expanded products and services to the Mid-Cape area, and that will have a positive effect, I believe, on the entire business community in the Mid-Cape area.
For some time, I have been concerned for those without employment who have been looking diligently for a job. Lowe's is saying, I believe, that its new facility will employ 130 to 170 people. What a boon to the area caught up in the throes of a lingering and weak economy.
Hindering a reputable business from expanding into an economically needy area doesn't seem right and seems even foolhardy. I hope Lowe's will persevere, establish its outlet, and help our area economically.
Joy Caporello
South Orleans
<|endofexample|>
<<
Egypt triumphs over Italy in Confed Cup – a photo essay
Excitement mounts as the national anthems are sung before the kick-off of the clash between Egypt and Italy..
World Economic Forum on Africa – A Cape Town Tourism photo essay
Kofi Annan, former secretary-general of the United Nations, was one of the 700 delegates who gathered in Cape Town from June 10-12, 2009 for the World Economic Forum on Africa. The event aimed to consider the implications of the global economic crisis on Africa..
Cape Town faces – Flickr pic of the day.”..
Calling all Confederation Cup Fans
Photo courtesy Chris Kirchhoff Cape Town Tourism wants to feature your experiences of the Confederations Cup matches on our 2010 blog.
“Cape Town at a glance”
Photo courtesy flowcomm “Cape Town at a glance” – a feature on the Cape Town Tourism 2010 mini-site – is packed with all the information any visitor to Cape Town needs.
Camps Bay Twelve Apostles – Flickr pic of the day
This amazing landscape was captured by ourCape Town. Live it. Love it. group member Grea Wessels aka Grieks. Grea says, “This picture was taken from Glen Beach, close to Camps Bay, and has the Twelve Apostles in the background.”
Sea Turtle – Flickr pic of the day
This close-up portrait of a sea turtle was taken by our Cape Town. Live it. Love it. group member Jason Weeks. Taken at the Two Ocean’s Aquarium, visitors are given the opportunity to see these reptiles up close. The inviting and often interactive displays offer an educational and entertaining experience that will appeal to young and old alike.
Become a fan with Soccer 101
Photo courtesy Fernando Herrera It’s going to be hard not to catch soccer fever in 2010. But if you’re a beginner to the beautiful game, don’t worry – Cape Town Tourism has developed Soccer 101 to start you off.
Italy beats USA 3-1 in Confederations Cup: Pictures.
Cos.”
<|endofexample|>
Living Well Alaska, every Wed for six week starts Sep 13. The workshop for people with chronic health conditions, class size limited, Bartlett hospital conference room, 796-8622 to register.
Developing a Volunteer Program Create an effective volunteer program and be better able to communicate why and how volunteers are necessary in your organization. From 10:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. at REACH, 213 Third Street. Cost is $125 non-Partner; $50 Partner. Register at forakergroup.org (click on Class Calendar) or call 907-743-1200. Open to the public.
Breastfeeding Success and Newborn Care Class, every Mon, Bartlett Admin Building, 796-8422 to register..
<|endofexample|>
Cranberry yields, prices increase
Updated: Friday, February 10, 2012 12:29 PM
Grants fund study, export options for healthful fruit
By CRAIG REED
For the Capital Press
BANDON, Ore. -- The 2011 Western Oregon cranberry crop resulted in higher yields and prices, growers say.
Grower Ted McKenzie, a member of the Oregon Cranberry Growers Cooperative, said he received 35 cents a pound or $35 for a 100-pound barrel of fresh cranberries. Wayne Everest, an independent grower, said he's heard of producers getting 30 to 35 cents a pound. Mike Stamatakos, vice president of agricultural supply and development for the Ocean Spray cooperative, said the 75 members of Ocean Spray "will likely earn a return per barrel of approximately $65 -- a record-setting return in company history."
In 2010, the volume of the cranberry crop was down and the price was about half of what growers earned this year, grower Scott McKenzie said. He explained that a hard freeze in December 2009 damaged buds and a cold, wet pollination period during the following May and June resulted in a decreased 2010 crop.
Wisconsin, another cranberry-producing state, also had a below average crop in 2010 and its 2011 crop was hurt by a cold, late spring, resulting in smaller berries that didn't color well.
With a shortage of berries carried over into 2011, the year's Oregon crop was in high demand. McKenzie said the Neil Jones Food Co. of Vancouver, Wash., made an early offer of 24.5 cents a pound to independents and then Smuckers followed with a 30 cents offer.
"There has been more competition for the berries this year than there has been in the last several years," he said.
Coos and Curry counties produce most of the cranberries grown in Oregon and the overall 2011 crop was tabbed to be about average -- 350,000 to 400,000 barrels. The bogs in those counties average about 180 barrels per acre.
"I've heard a lot of mixed results," said Everest of harvest yields. "Our crop was up from last year. Some people are up, some down, but most people are up from last year even if they didn't get to the average."
Everest said his harvest this year was one of his best in his 10 years in the business. He added that last year his yield was down 60 percent.
Stamatakos praised the quality of the berries grown by the Ocean Spray member.
"The quality of this year's crop has been good, but we have seen more small fruit than usual," he said. "Some growers feel this is due to the late bloom this year, which is a result of a cool, wet spring."
Ocean Spray was expecting its Oregon crop for 2011 to come in at just over 133,500 barrels, an increase over last year's 125,000 barrel total.
Scott McKenzie said a $90,000 Oregon Department of Agriculture grant is being used to market cranberries to foreign countries and a $20,000 grant is available for a market study to determine what cranberry products will sell best overseas.
Everest said he's optimistic about growing cranberries because the fruit is always associated with good nutrition and health and more and more people are seeking such food.
"I think there'll always be a demand for cranberries," he said. "The China and Asian markets are new and upcoming and could be substantial."
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's statistical services, the forecast for the cranberry harvest for all of the U.S. was 7.5 million barrels, up 10 percent from 2010.
Cranberry school Feb. 2
Growers will meet for the annual Oregon Cranberry School on Feb. 2 at the Sprague Theater in Bandon.
Topics will include diseases, insect- and weed-control strategies, new products and new labels for cranberry use and using water for irrigation, chemigation and frost control. Research on new varieties, plant nutrition and weed control will be presented.
The Oregon Cranberry Growers' Association sponsors the school. Cost is $10 for association members and $75 for others. Information: 541-572-5263.
<|endofexample|>
The community is a buzz with the latest regarding “Camp 4” – the 1,400 acres in the heart of the Santa Ynez Valley owned by the Chumash Casino tribe (Santa Ynez Band of Mission Indians). Apparently, the Chumash Casino tribal government is using new tactics to undermine residents’ opposition to their plans to take the 1,400 acres under their control.
As we understand it from members of the community, there was a mandatory meeting for employees of the Chumash Casino and Resort with a penalty for failure to attend. At this meeting the employees were asked to sign a petition stating their support for the Chumash Casino tribe’s plans on Camp 4.
One employee told a friend that he signed the petition because he needed the job.
Someone else said that patrons were also being asked to sign the petition.
And last, but not least, apparently last weekend, at the UCSB soccer game, the Chumash had attendants asking students to sign the same petitions supporting the annexation of Camp 4.
Supposedly they have collected 2,500 petitions.
At this time we do not know what politician(s) will receive these petitions. Remember, it takes a politician to sell out a community. And also remember the following: According to a 2005 letter from the office of former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, “in pre-contact times there was no Santa Ynez Band of Mission Indians or any single independent political entity constituting a collection of the many different villages in the Santa Ynez Valley,” and per the 2009 U.S. Supreme Court “Carcieri Decision,” there is a question if the Chumash Casino tribe is a tribal government eligible for expansion of land into federal trust.
In addition, when the expansion plans came up a few months ago, Santa Barbara attorney Barry Cappello sent a letter to the supervisors stating that their participation in moving the 1,400 acres into trust would be illegal unless they first went through the Santa Ynez Valley Community Plan amendment process.
Last week, Congressman Gallegly’s Solvang staff said that the Congressman had received virtually no letters of support for the Chumash Casino tribe’s plans on Camp 4. He said that our community should be grateful that we have an honorable congressman who will listen to our community.
What lucky politician will get these 2,500 signatures? It will be entertaining to see if he/she/they think this fraud provides the political cover to ignore the U.S. Supreme Court, the facts documented by the office of Gov. Schwarzenegger, the established process for amending the Santa Ynez Valley Community Plan, and the residents of Santa Barbara County living in the Santa Ynez Valley, and over the hill in Santa Barbara and Montecito who stridently oppose the removal of this 1,400 acres from local and state jurisdiction into trust.
To view the office of former Gov. Schwarzenegger’s letter, contact information for your elected officials, and to donate, go to:. To donate to the Camp 4 and related expenses account, send your check to Preservation of Los Olivos. Under the memo section of your check write "Camp 4." Send your donation to PO Box 722, Los Olivos, Ca. 93441. P.O.L.O. is a 501 c 4 non-profit corporation. Check with your tax advisor for deductibility.
<|endofexample|>
Client Additions
Richard Robinson and Associates adds Center for Creative
Land Recycling
Kahn Soares & Conway adds National Biodiesel Board
Lehman Kelly Sadler adds: Main Street Fibers, Sun Valley Paper Stock, Basic
Fibers, Corridor Recyclin
Client Deletions
California Strategies and Advocacy deletes: City of Placentia, Calnetix, California Ambulance
Association, California Manufacturing Technology Consulting
Lobbyist Additions
Association of Catholic Health Care adds Harry Osborne
Lobbyist Deletions
California Nurses Association deletes Donna Dorsey
Fox
Committees Formed
Mike Duvall for Assembly 2010, Sacramento, 72nd District, Nov. 19
Wes Chesbro for Assembly 2010, 1st District, Arcata, Nov. 19
Mike Feuer for Assembly 2010, 42nd District, Los Angeles, Nov. 19
Impact California, recipient committee, Los Angeles,
Nov. 19
Hall for Assembly 2010, 52nd District, Los Angeles, Nov. 19
Friends of Bill Monning, 27th Assembly District, Salinas, Nov. 19
San Luis Obispo Grass Roots Democracy, Nov. 19
Blakeslee for Senate, 15th District, Santa Maria, Nov. 19
International Association of Fire Fighters Local I-25, Political Action Committee, Lancaster, Nov. 19
Mary Hayashi Democrat for Assembly 2010, 18th District, Nov. 19
Julia Brownley for Assembly 2010, 41st District, Covina, Nov. 14
Assemblymember Ted Lieu office-holder account, 53rd District, Nov. 17
Kamala Harris for attorney general, San Francisco,
Nov. 12
Dave Jones candidate intention statement: Insurance Commissioner, Sacramento, Nov. 12
<|endofexample|>
Application Information
Login or create a FREE account to apply for this scholarship.
Scholarship Overview
This scholarship is for registered, active members of a Boy Scout Troop, Varsity Scout Team, or Venturing Crew chartered to an American Legion Post, Auxiliary Unit or Sons of The American Legion Squadron. To qualify for this scholarship, applicants may also be registered, active members of a duly chartered Boy Scout Troop, Varsity Scout Team, or Venturing Crew, and the son or grandson of a Legionnaire or Auxiliary member. Applicants must have received the Eagle Scout designation; be an active member of his religious institution; have received the appropriate Boy Scout religious emblem; have demonstrated practical citizenship in church, school, Scouting, and community; have reached their 15th birthday; and be enrolled in a Tennessee high school at the time of selection.?
- 15
Gender: Is this you?
- Male
Class Year: Is this you?
- High school freshman
- High school sophomore
- High school junior
- High school senior
Home State: Is this you?
- Tennessee
Community Groups: Is this you?
- Boy Scouts of America
<|endofexample|>
Breeds: Poodles, Shih Tzus, Maltese, Cocker Spaniels, Cavalier King Charles Spaniels, Pekingese, Golden Retrievers, Chihuahuas
Squaw Creek Kennels consisted of a variety of different buildings and outdoor runs on several locations next to each other on Cherry St. I did not observe all of the kennel enclosures on the different properties, however. There was a large kennel area at Van Doorn’s house and two others on the opposite side of Cherry St.
First kennel building
The first kennel structure investigated was a building that housed two rows of six elevated indoor/outdoor enclosures located at opposite sides of the building. The outside cages had thin-gauge wire doors (untreated), thin-gauge wire walls (treated), and rusting thick-gauge wire floors (untreated) (3.1(c)(1)(i)-Surfaces). PVC piping framed the cages. There were two to four small-breed dogs per cage.
Metal dog doors provided access to the indoor cages. Brown stains and build-up were evident on the doors and the plastic sheeting of the walls around the doors (3.1(c)(2)-Surfaces).
The indoor cages measured about two cubic feet and had thick plastic cage-like walls that were difficult to see through. Cages containing three or more dogs did not appear to have enough space to allow all of the dogs to be in one of the indoor cages at once and lie down without being on top of each other or to be able to turn about freely (3.4(b)-Shelter from the elements).
The cages were above a concrete slab, and feces and fur had accumulated where the building walls and slab met underneath the cages and was splattered on the walls (3.11(a)-Cleaning of primary enclosures).
Indoor whelping cages
Inside this building there were three rows of whelping cages stacked on each other. Three wire cages were in each row. The cages were two feet tall and wide and 2.5 feet long, and each housed a nursing mother and several puppies.
These cages were made entirely of untreated, thin-gauge wire, including the floorings (3.6(a)(2)(xii)-Primary enclosures). There were plastic self feeders attached to the cage walls, water dishes on the floorings, metal trays lined with towels for whelping boxes, and plastic sheets under the floorings of cages stacked on top of each other to catch debris and excreta.
Kennel barn
A large metal barn was 20 feet from the first kennel described above. On the barn wall facing the first structure were two separate rows of six elevated indoor/outdoor enclosures. They were of the same design and structure as the indoor/outdoor enclosures previously described and housed two or three dogs per cage.
One enclosure, containing a black Shih Tzu and an apricot Poodle, had one of its side walls detached from its top rear corner in the outside cage section. The wire was bent so that sharp points protruded into the cage (3.1(a)-Structure; construction).
There were brown stains and build-up on the dog doors and plastic walls at the backs of the cages (3.1(c)(2)-Surfaces).
Golden Retriever and Small Breed pens Also in this barn, which was open on the side facing the first kennel building, were elevated cages and indoor pens on concrete floorings. The elevated cages had treated-wire walls and floorings, were framed with PVC piping, and had metal dog doors at the rears of each cage for access to additional parts of the enclosures. There were two to four dogs of various small breeds per cage.
The dog doors and rear walls of the cages had brown stains and build-up on their surfaces (3.1(c)(2)-Surfaces)..
A strong ammonia odor was evident in the building (3.2(b)-Ventilation).
The three pens on concrete each housed two Golden Retriever puppies about 12-weeks-old. The pens had galvanized-wire walls and wooden dog houses inside.
The surfaces of the dog houses were heavily chewed and covered in fecal stains (3.2(c)(2)-Surfaces). The concrete floorings were also stained brown. There was feces and fur accumulation in the corners, along the bottoms of the dog houses, and scattered and smeared around the pens (3.11(a)-Cleaning of primary enclosures).
Additional Golden Retriever pens
Two large outdoor pens, each housing four adult Golden Retrievers, were between the shed and kennel barn. The pens were about ten feet wide and 20 feet long, had galvanized-wire walls, metal feeders attached to the walls, and water buckets on the ground.
Whelping building
The kennel area nearest Van Doorn’s residence consisted of several buildings and rows of enclosures, and I was able to see only part of this complex.
A room in a whelping building had two rows of eight indoor cages, one on top of the other with plastic sheeting between the rows to catch debris and excreta. The bottom row of cages had treated-wire walls and floorings. The upper row of cages had plastic walls and stainless steel wire doors. There was a whelping mother and puppies in each cage.
The floorings were a thick-gauge metal wire and had feces packed in the wiring (3.11(a)-Cleaning of primary enclosures).
Each cage contained a metal food and water dish. The water looked light brown, and several of the water dishes had dead flies in them (3.10-Watering).
There were several other whelping rooms in this building with similar whelping cages; we did not view them.
Kennel trailers
One of Van Doorn’s employees led me outside to several Maltese cages. In addition, there were three trailers converted into dog kennels that had rows of indoor/outdoor enclosures on their longer walls. This facility was within about 100 feet of Van Doorn’s house and on the same side of Cherry St. as his residence.
One of these trailers. had a row of about ten elevated cages with thin-gauge wire walls and floorings of untreated, rusty thicker wire (3.1(c)(1)(i)-Surfaces). Each cage housed three dogs of various breeds, including Maltese, Yorkshire Terriers, and Shih Tzus.
Many of the dogs had mats in their fur that were especially heavy around their faces, paws, and undersides (2.40-Vet care).
Rusting tin cans were filled with dingy brown water on the cage floorings (3.10-Watering).
Metal dog doors allowed access to indoor cages. The dog doors and the walls around them had brown stains and dirty build-up on their surfaces (3.1(c)(2)-Surfaces).
Near this trailer was a second trailer also with elevated outside cages of similar design but framed by PVC piping instead of wood. Each housed two to four dogs of various small breeds.
Terrier cages
There were other elevated cages across from the Maltese/Shih Tzu/Yorkshire Terrier cages. These cages had untreated, rusting, thin-gauge wire walls and treated, thick-gauge wire floorings. Each cage was about three feet long and two feet tall and two feet wide and housed a Terrier that was about 2.5 feet long from the tip of its nose to the base of its tail (3.6(c)(1)(i)-Primary enclosures).
Several of the dogs lacked six inches of space between the tops of their heads and the tops of their cages (3.6(c)(1)(iii)-Primary enclosures). The dogs’ toenails were about four times as long as normal and completely protruded through the wire flooring (2.40-Vet care).
Metal dog doors attached to plastic-covered walls allowed access to indoor cages. The doors and walls around them were covered in a grimy build-up that was so thick it was black in some places (3.1(c)(2)-Surfaces).
<|endofexample|>
"From behind the wheel, the Grand Cherokee represents a huge improvement over its predecessor."
At a glance
- The greenest
- 3.0 CRD V6 S-Limited 5dr
£44,595
- The cheapest
- 3.0 CRD V6 Limited 5dr
£38,615
- The fastest
- 6.4 V8 HEMI SRT8 5dr
£59,595
- Top of the range
- 6.4 V8 HEMI SRT8 5dr
£59,595. There are two trim levels on offer - Limited and Overland - and both are well equipped: If you bought a similarly priced Land Rover Discovery 4, you'd have to spend a lot of money on extras to get it to the same level of equipment. The Grand Cherokee is superb when you head off road, but rivals are better on tarmac.
Drive
A high driving position provides a great view of the road ahead, but while the Grand Cherokee is virtually unstoppable off road, it has to give second best to rivals on tarmac. Over long distances the Jeep is compliant and quite relaxing, only when faced with big potholes at speed does the suspension send shocks into the cabin. It's far better than the previous Grand Cherokee and the automatic gearbox is very smooth. A dial on the centre console selects between five off-road modes, and it's so competent that only a Land Rover Defender would see which way it went through the mud and greenery.
Comfort
Passengers of all sizes will feel comfortable in the Grand Cherokee. All seats offer good support and provide room to move around, while the glass roof provides an airy feel for the cabin. Standard fit air-suspension is very impressive at dealing with road imperfections even with the big wheels and low profile tyres fitted to the Overland range topper. One small downside is engine noise, which is loud at higher speeds and under heavy acceleration.
Reliability
The Grand Cherokee feels very well made, and is based on durable Mercedes-Benz M-Class running gear. It's yet to be crash tested by Euro NCAP, but the new Grand Cherokee will undoubtedly exceed its predecessor's four-star rating. Cabin materials are a little disappointing for a car in this segment, as some dashboard plastics and switches feel quite low-grade. Range topping Overland models are much better, using plenty of leather and genuine wood trim.
Practicality
Standard fit reversing cameras are becoming very popular on large SUVs, and it's a welcome addition on the Grand Cherokee. Passengers are well catered for with a very spacious cabin, loads of head and legroom and the huge 782-litre boot is big enough for two Labradors. The tailgate is electrically operated, which is very useful when your hands are full of shopping or heavy bags. It's a big car, though, so parking in tight spaces will be tricky.
Value for money
The Grand Cherokee is competitively priced compared to rivals, especially when you consider the amount of kit you get as standard. Sat-nav, a reversing camera, leather upholstery, air-suspension and keyless entry all make the list - and you'd have to spend a lot on extras to get a rival such as the Land Rover Discovery 4 up to a similar kit level.
Running costs
The 3.0-litre diesel engine was developed by parent company Fiat, and the official figures claim that it can return 34mpg on the combined cycle. In reality the big SUV will struggle to match that, unless it's only really used for longer motorway journeys. Tailpipe emissions equate to a tax bill of £260 per year, which is quite respectable for a capable off-roader like the Grand Cherokee.
<|endofexample|>
Contact Dealer
About Car Max Auto Superstore
There is no doubt that you are in good hands any time you visit Car Max Auto Superstore. Our passionate sales representatives are experienced, and here to help you get the perfect automobile to suit your needs. With many cars to pick from, we will get the right car to match your budget. All of your used vehicle needs can be taken care of at Car Max Auto Superstore. No matter what you might need, Car Max Auto Superstore can assist you in buying any car. Be sure to drop by Car Max Auto Superstore of Doral at 1300 NW 98th Ct, Doral, Florida 33172 the next time you are looking for a used vehicle.
Car Max Auto Superstore
1300 NW 98th CtDirections
Miami, Florida 33172
Miami, Florida 33172
<|endofexample|>
Contact Dealer
About Vintage Mustang
When you visit Vintage Mustang to look for a car, you will be happy with the choice you made. We have a terrific and knowledgeable staff here to meet every need of yours; and to make sure when you leave our lot, you have the ideal car and payment for your price range. We have come to be San Luis Obispo's most recognized place for used cars of any kind. Our selection of vehicles is great for getting the perfect car for you. At Vintage Mustang at 3468 Sacramento Dr, San Luis Obispo, California 93401, we would like to demonstrate our dedication to customer satisfaction and competitive prices. Come take a look at Vintage Mustang of San Luis Obispo at 3468 Sacramento Dr, San Luis Obispo, California 93401 and let us assist you in getting the car of your dreams.
Vintage Mustang
San Luis Obispo, California 93401
<|endofexample|>
2012 Nissan Maxima S
Price: $ 34,100
VIN: 1N4AA5AP3CC804148
Exterior Colors: Winter Frost
Interior:
Miles: 0
Fuel: Gas
Transmission: CVT
City MPG: 19
Hwy MPG: 26
VIN: 1N4AA5AP3CC804148
Exterior Colors: Winter Frost
Interior:
Miles: 0
Fuel: Gas
Transmission: CVT
City MPG: 19
Hwy MPG: 26
Contact this Dealer
Vehicle Information
Vehicle Specs
- 1st and 2nd row curtain head airbags
- 4 Door
- 4-wheel ABS Brakes
- ABS and Driveline Traction Control
- Anti-theft alarm system
- Audio controls on steering wheel
- Automatic front air conditioning
- Bluetooth wireless phone connectivity
- Body-colored bumpers
- Braking Assist
- Bucket front seats
- Cargo area light
- Center Console: Full with covered storage
- Chrome grille
- Clock: In-radio display
- Coil front spring
- Coil rear spring
- Cruise control
- Cruise controls on steering wheel
- Cupholders: Front and rear
- Diameter of tires: 18.0
- Digital Audio Input
- Door pockets: Driver and passenger
- Door reinforcement: Side-impact door beam
- Driver Seat Head Restraint Whiplash Protection
-
- Fuel Capacity: 20.0
- Fuel Consumption: City: 19
- Fuel Consumption: Highway: 26
- Fuel Type: Premium unleaded
- Head Restraint Whiplash Protection with Passenger Seat
- Headlights off auto delay
- In-Dash 6-disc CD player
- Independent front suspension classification
- Independent rear suspension
- Instrumentation: Low fuel level
- Interior air filtration
- Leather shift knob trim
- Leather/metal-look steering wheel trim
- Left rear passenger door type: Conventional
- MP3 player
- Manufacturer's 0-60mph acceleration time (seconds): 5.7
- Max cargo capacity: 14
-
- Spare Tire Mount Location: Inside under cargo
- Speed-proportional power steering
- Stability control
- Steel spare wheel rim
- Strut front suspension
- Suspension class: Regular
- Tachometer
- Tilt and telescopic steering wheel
- Tire Pressure Monitoring System
- Tires: Prefix: P
- Tires: Profile: 45
- Tires: Speed Rating: V
- Tires: Width: 245
- Trip computer
- Two 12V DC power outlets
- Type of tires: AS
- Variable intermittent front wipers
- Vehicle Emissions: ULEV II
- Wheel Diameter: 18
- Wheel Width: 8
- Wheelbase: 109.3
- Window grid antenna
Dealers in your area
ORR Nissan Of Searcy
3131 E Beebe Capps
Searcy, Arkansas, 72143
<|endofexample|>
Hyundai to increase public inventory by 100,000 units
Hyundai North America is adding 100,000 cars to its 2012 U.S. inventory. (Photo Credit: Public Domain/TTTNIS/Wikipedia)
You with 100,000 additional cars to sell to retail customers in 2012.
Going beyond full capacity
Reports indicate that 100,000 additional Hyundai cars will put the automaker’s U.S. plants in a position of having to produce beyond normal capacity. Hyundai North America is hoping that by reducing the number of vehicles it sells to fleet customers from 10 percent of total inventory to somewhere between 5 percent and 7 percent, it will be able to make up the difference in increased retail consumer sales, notes Krafcik.
Selling like hotcakes
Experts predict that Hyundai will gain capacity from a variety of new Korean-produced models that have already been introduced in the U.S. This includes the redesigned full-size Azera sedan, which recently went on sale in the U.S., as well as the redesigned Genesis Coupe, which hit U.S. dealers last month.
Rather than being too much to handle, however, Hyundai’s North American dealerships are looking forward to the challenge after a March sales stretch when 55,000 cars were available in inventory, but almost 70,000 total vehicles were sold.
[Don't have the credit for a car loan? Don't worry!]
“We are literally selling cars off the transporters,” Krafcik said.
A time for quality
Sales growth has been rapid for Hyundai over the past few years; adding 100,000 more vehicles into public inventory underscores this. Krafcik said that the next step for Hyundai before adding even more capacity will be to work on improving the quality of its offerings, customer service and supplier relationships.
“We are driven by this goal to be the most loved car company, that is our over-riding goal,” Krafcik said. “It’s not about volume.”
Krafcik went on to note that while Hyundai should outpace the industry for overall sales in 2012 – the automaker expects to sell more than 700,000 vehicles, after selling 645,691 in 2011 – it should maintain a measured approach toward increasing inventory.
“There is this idea that you can grow too fast,” he said.
<|endofexample|>
Find New Albany Nannies
Search by availability, experience & nanny costs! Choose from 322 nannies in New Albany. Find and hire the one that matches your needs.
- Request background checks
- Read reviews and references
Easily connect with current students from a specific college or university to best fit your family's needsLearn More >
<|endofexample|>
1. Tell me about yourself. Most people hate this question. By preparing for it, however, and knowing what a wonderful opportunity it is to sell yourself, you should look forward to it. It is the most frequently asked question in interviewing. It usually serves as a bridge to go from small talk to the real interview.
Briefly describing your education or your work history are appropriate responses to this question. Even though the employer has your resume at hand, describing interesting aspects of each job can add a nice touch. Expand briefly on some of your results. This will likely cause the interviewer to select an accomplishment and ask you to tell more about it. That is exactly what you want; you score points every time you discuss results. After bringing the employer up to the present, you could describe one of your top strengths. You might summarize your strength by saying:
Basically I’m an analytical person. For example, at Dependable Services, no one really knew how much our services were costing the company. I had taken courses in cost accounting in college, so I figured out the actual costs, taking depreciation of our equipment into consideration. I discovered that one of our services actually cost us 7% more than we charged for it. We raised our fees immediately. That alone earned an additional $17,000.
You could wrap up by asking, “Could I provide more detail on some of this?” A well-thought-out answer will usually require two to four minutes.
2. What is your greatest strength? The question asks for your number-one strength, skill, or asset and requires you to analyze yourself. Going into the interview you should have several strengths in mind. Share the strength you feel will score the most points. Begin with a brief statement and provide a clear example. A person interviewing for a management position might respond:
I would say it’s my ability to train and motivate people. At XYZ there was a severe turnover problem among our first-line supervisors. Even without the benefit of a pay increase, which they deserved, I reduced the turnover from 20% to 7% in just six months and to 5% by the end of the year. My analysis indicated that our leads were receiving inadequate training when they were promoted to supervisors. Most were unsure of their authority and how to use it. Many quit out of frustration. I developed a training program which really gave them confidence. Once we got the supervisors trained, productivity in the plant rose substantially.
3. What can you offer us that someone else can’t? Since you can’t possibly know what backgrounds the other candidates have, you must respond by describing your known strengths. If you feel certain that you have some valuable or unique experience, you would certainly want to use that as an example.
4. What are your three most important career accomplishments? Choose accomplishments that are related to the job you are interviewing for, and ones which your interviewer can relate to. Avoid unnecessary detail. A question like this gives you a fantastic opportunity to sell yourself. Take full advantage of it. Allow 45–60 seconds for each accomplishment.
5. How would you describe yourself? Discuss only positive attributes and then describe them or give examples to show how you typically demonstrate those attributes. Emphasize your personality skills. See pages 69-71 for more on personality skills.
6. Why should I hire you? This question is often asked at the end of an interview and allows you to summarize your strengths. Since this is a summary, you can discuss points that you’ve already covered and mention new points as well. Sell yourself. This may be one of your best opportunities. Be prepared to take up to four minutes. Try to focus on everything you have learned about the job, your future boss, and the needs of the company. With such limited time, you must cover only those points which will have the greatest impact. You can create that impact by describing a combination of personality skills, transferable skills, and technical skills.
7. Describe the biggest crisis in your life [career]. Describe a genuine crisis or difficult situation, not necessarily the biggest crisis you’ve faced. While the wording of the question will help you determine whether to mention a personal crisis or a work-related crisis, be prepared to describe either. Select an example that will demonstrate positive qualities and one in which you ultimately came out on top. Tell it concisely yet vividly to reveal as many qualities as possible. This is an opportunity to sell qualities such as maturity, perseverance, emotional stability, effectiveness under stress, and sound judgment. If you don’t feel you’ve ever faced a true crisis you might say, “I don’t think I’ve ever faced a true crisis, but I’ve certainly dealt with difficult situations. One that comes to mind would be…”
8. What is unique about you? In essence the interviewer is asking what is special about you. The interviewer is not asking what is absolutely unique about you. You are being given an opportunity to discuss some of your best qualities. So, reach into your mental check list and pull out some of your strengths. You might say, “Well, there are very few people who have the combination of experience that I have. I have experience in _________, _________, _________, and _________ which some others may have, but I’ve also done ____________, ____________, and ___________. I’m sure that very few will have experience in all those areas. With that breadth of experience I can help you improve productivity and quality.”
9. How would your supervisor describe you? This is an opportunity to mention positive statements that you know or assume would be made about you. Discuss the qualities that you received high ratings on during reviews. Also give quick examples that demonstrate why your boss would see such qualities in you. Quote from your reviews or things bosses have said about you in the past.
10. Rate yourself on a scale of 1–10. To succeed with this question you must demonstrate that you like yourself, but not too much. The employer is testing your self-esteem. With this in mind you should rate yourself an eight or nine. A seven would be too low and a ten would indicate you are egotistical. High-caliber people never think they are tens because they are so aware of how they can get better. Explain why you feel you are a nine (or eight), stressing your strengths. Then indicate what you expect to do to move up a notch or two. That will demonstrate a strong desire for personal growth.
11. Tell me a story. With a question like this you have an option—you can simply share an interesting experience or you can ask for clarification. You would seek clarification by asking, “Are you looking for something in particular, perhaps from my personal life or my work life?” The interviewer may answer one of two ways. One response is, “Just tell me any story you like.” In this instance the interviewer is testing your ability to handle ambiguity. Or the response could indicate that the story should have a certain theme. Interviewers who ask such an ambiguous question usually do it with a purpose and are testing you. My recommendation is to treat this question the same as you would, “Describe an experience which reveals a key strength of yours.”
12. How have you benefited from disappointments? The key word is disappointments. Notice it does not ask how you have benefited from failures, which would be different. In life some disappointments are bitter experiences and remain bitter for years, while others quickly have a happy ending. It may be that the disappointment led directly to a major accomplishment or a peak experience. If you have such an experience, use it. If not, think of an experience in which you truly learned a great lesson. Perhaps the disappointment prepared you later to take full advantage of an opportunity which presented itself.
<|endofexample|>
2004 Volkswagen Jetta in Manhattan, KS
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Text Search
Price Drops
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
2004 Volkswagen Jetta GLI 1.8T Review
...
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.
<|endofexample|>
2005 Ford Focus in Las Vegas, NV
New Search
Filter Results
Price
Mileage
Text Search
Price Drops
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
<<
2005 Ford Focus Used Cars in Las Vegas, NV 89149
Price: $5,988
Mileage: 104,901
Location: Las Vegas, NV 89149
2005 Ford Focus ZX4 SES Used Cars in Pahrump, NV 89048
Price: $7,294
Mileage: 96,793
Location: Pahrump, NV 89048
2005 Ford Focus ZX4 S Used Cars in Henderson, NV 89011
Price: $5,995
Mileage: 131,445
Location: Henderson, NV 89011
2005 Ford Focus ZX5 SES Used Cars in Las Vegas, NV 89104
Price: Negotiable
Mileage: 121,018
Location: Las Vegas, NV 89104
2005 Ford Focus ZX4 S Used Cars in Henderson, NV 89014
Price: $5,000
Mileage: 180,536
Location: Henderson, NV 89014
2005 Ford Focus ZX4 SE Used Cars in Las Vegas, NV 89104
Price: $8,995
Mileage: 91,722
Location: Las Vegas, NV 89104
2005 Ford Focus ZX4 S Used Cars in Las Vegas, NV 89146
Price: $10,599
Mileage: 68,114
Location: Las Vegas, NV 89146
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.
<|endofexample|>
2010 BMW 5 Series in Tallahassee, FL
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Text Search
Price Drops
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
2010 BMW 5 Series 528xi Review

Featured Listings
2010 BMW 5 Series 535i Used Cars in Tallahassee, FL 32308
Great Deal
$5,542 BELOWInstant Market Value of $29,831
Price: $24,289
Mileage: 61,606
Location: Tallahassee, FL 32308
Details
Save
Average time on market: 41 days Certified Pre-Owned: Yes Transmission: 6-Speed Automatic Color: Obsidian Black Description: Used 2010 BMW 5 Series 535i for sale - $24,289, 61,606 miles with Leather Seats, Sunroof/Moonroof, Premium Package, Navigation System
Avg. Dealer Rating: (5 reviews) "absolute pleasure to work with and got a great deal on my new car!!"
2010 BMW 5 Series 528i Used Cars in Tallahassee, FL 32308
Fair Deal
$1,859 ABOVEInstant Market Value of $25,131
Price: $26,990
Mileage: 63,465
Location: Tallahassee, FL 32308
Details
Save
Average time on market: 39 days Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: 6-Speed Automatic Color: White Description: Used 2010 BMW 5 Series 528i for sale - $26,990, 63,465 miles with Sunroof/Moonroof, Alloy Wheels
Avg. Dealer Rating: (4 reviews) "Nice folks, not pushy. Well informed."
Please wait ...
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.
<|endofexample|>
2010 Dodge Ram Pickup 2500 in Albany, GA
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Text Search
Price Drops
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
2010 Dodge Ram Pickup 2500 SLT Crew Cab 4WD Review
!!
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.
<|endofexample|>
2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport LE Nationwide
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Text Search
Price Drops
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
Find 2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport LE listings in your area Enter your ZIP code
Featured Listings
2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport LE Used Cars in El Cajon, CA 92020
Price: $23,995
Mileage: 343
Location: El Cajon, CA 92020
Details
Save
Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: Continuously Variable Transmission Color: Gray Description: Used 2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport LE for sale - $23,995, 343 miles
Avg. Dealer Rating: (4 reviews) "! i wish that i never set foot onto EL Cajon Mitsubishi: - it's a gyp-joint ! The Saturn relay that i bought from them has so many defects, that i had to take it to a Saturn specialist[ Bob Stall Chevrolet ] @ $1042.85 more,& their is still much more work to be done for repairs & maintenance! when i called EL cajon mitsubichi, they told me,we only fix safety defects, not cosmetic defects "we're Mitsubishi, you'll hafta take these issues up with GM, you bought a used as-is vehicle, we wo'nt fix nothin' on yer Saturn]. Mitsubichi also made 7 attempts to post-debit money not owed them from my debit card, mitsubishi motors headquarters informed me over phone that i do not get any perks, fringe benefits, or customer goldmember status because i did not buy a new mitsubishi automobile, mitsubichi salesmen also laughed at me as they walked inside their dealership. To top it all, they placed mixed AA batteries into the passenger DVD remote control device, & they have the nerve to email me a "welcome to the Mitsubishi Family notice." !? WHAT in The Name Of GOD iz Wrong with these people ?!"
Please wait ...
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.
<|endofexample|>
Used Nissan Leaf in Seattle, WA
New Search
Filter Results
Price
Mileage
Text Search
Price Drops
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
Looking For a New Nissan Leaf?1,831<<
2012 Nissan Leaf Used Cars in Tacoma, WA 98424
Price: $22,811
Mileage: 464
Location: Tacoma, WA 98424
2012 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in Burlington, WA 98233
Price: $21,991
Mileage: 7,369
Location: Burlington, WA 98233
2011 Nissan Leaf Used Cars in Lynnwood, WA 98037
Price: $20,991
Mileage: 7,342
Location: Lynnwood, WA 98037
2011 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in Poulsbo, WA 98370
Price: $21,614
Mileage: 12,195
Location: Poulsbo, WA 98370
2011 Nissan Leaf SV Used Cars in Burlington, WA 98233
Price: $21,991
Mileage: 4,101
Location: Burlington, WA 98233
2011 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in Lynnwood, WA 98036
Price: $18,491
Mileage: 26,890
Location: Lynnwood, WA 98036
2011 Nissan Leaf SV Used Cars in Puyallup, WA 98371
Price: $19,495
Mileage: 19,601
Location: Puyallup, WA 98371
2011 Nissan Leaf Used Cars in Everett, WA 98204
Price: $19,949
Mileage: 23,717
Location: Everett, WA 98204
2013 Nissan Leaf S Used Cars in 98409
Price: $23,977
Mileage: 10
Location: 98409
2012 Nissan Leaf SV Used Cars in Burlington, WA 98233
Price: $24,995
Mileage: 120
Location: Burlington, WA 98233
2012 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in Burlington, WA 98233
Price: Negotiable
Mileage: 6,496
Location: Burlington, WA 98233
2011 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in Port Angeles, WA 98362
Price: $23,950
Mileage: 4,885
Location: Port Angeles, WA 98362
2011 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in WA 98409
Price: $21,977
Mileage: 15,226
Location: WA 98409
2011 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in Edmonds, WA 98026
Price: $20,950
Mileage: 6,284
Location: Edmonds, WA 98026
2011 Nissan Leaf SL Used Cars in Bellevue, WA 98005
Price: $20,991
Mileage: 14,537
Location: Bellevue, WA 98005
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.
<|endofexample|>
! -- THE Caribbean aviation personnel on-line meeting place -- > <! -- Professionals, Caribbeans, Caribeans, Carabeans, Caribenes, Carribbeans, Carribeans, Carib, Air, Aer, Aero, Airways, Airlines, Airlins, Traffic, Controllers, radar, procedural, vectors, levels, headings, Lines, aerlines, Pilots, Pilits, Associations, Asociations, regionals, Bahamas, BahamasAirs, B-ALPAs, BahamasALPAs, LIATs, Leewards, LIALPAs, Jamaicas, JALPAs, Trinidads, Tobagos, TTALPAs, TALPAs, Caymans, CAPAs, BAHAMAS, BPPUs, VSVs, Surinames, VNV-NAs, Netherlands, Nederlands, Antilles, WinAirs, Montserrats, IFALPAs, mechanics, electronics, flights, engineers, flights, attendants, navigators, attendants, csrs, customers, custumers, services, representatives, associates, fuellers, caterers, baggages, handlers, Boeings, deHavillands, Dashes, Brittens, Normans, Pipers, Cessnas, flights, simulations, simulators, for, in, to, com, web, site, website, sight, wiki, sun, star, limited, cargo, allowance, aruba, grenada, west, indies, Jamaicans, Belize, English, British, French, Francais, Spanish, Spanich, Espanol, Dutch, American, USA, Territory, Territories, messages, message list, forums, discussions -- >
Also see the incredible range
of discounted LED bulbs from TMart!
<|endofexample|>
- Associations
- Organization of Eastern Caribbean States
- OECS Officials gather in Antigua and Barbuda to finalize Common Tourism Policy
- Travel/Tourism
- OECS Officials gather in Antigua and Barbuda to finalize Common Tourism Policy
OECS Officials gather in Antigua and Barbuda to finalize Common Tourism Policy
- By S Coward
- Published 16-Aug-11
- Organization of Eastern Caribbean States , Travel/Tourism
- Unrated
_thumb.jpg)
Castries -- Aug. 16, 2011 -- Senior Tourism Officials are scheduled to meet in Antigua & Barbuda on August 16th and 17th 2011 at a workshop designed to finalize the first ever Common Tourism Policy for the OECS region.
Programme Officer at the OECS Secretariat Dr. Lorraine Nicholas says tourism officials are reviewing a draft final Common Tourism Policy document ahead of the meeting in St. Johns’: “Quite a bit of work has gone into the formulation of the Policy. The consultants have done considerable work in putting together this policy which is it draft form. When we meet in Antigua next week the primary objective will essentially be to finalize the Policy. The senior tourism officials from across the region will be reviewing the draft Policy with a view to ensuring that it in sync with their vision and aspirations for tourism development in the OECS region”
The coming workshop follows an initial consultation held in March 2011, where tourism professionals from the region’s private and public sectors identified and prioritized key areas on which the Policy should focus. Some of the broad focus areas highlighted by the first workshop include: transportation; tourism awareness; product development; customs and immigration procedures; environmental and cultural sustainability and sustainable financing. The March meeting also identified actions to address each of the policy focus area.
Immediately following the first workshop in St. Lucia, the Consultants visited all nine OECS Member States discuss with key stakeholders key issues affecting the development of tourism and their buy-in to the emerging Common Tourism Policy. The Consultants also presented initial findings and observations to the OECS Council of Tourism Ministers at their 10th meeting held in St. Kitts on 19th April 2011. At that meeting, OECS Tourism Ministers endorsed the priority areas identified for inclusion in the Policy, emphasizing the need for immigration and border control in the OECS to be addressed as priority issues in the Policy. The pending Common Tourism Policy is within the context of the OECS Economic Union as a single financial and economic space.
At least twenty tourism professionals from the region’s private and
public sectors are confirmed to attend the second workshop booked for
the Jolly Beach Resort & Spa in Antigua. The primary aim of the
workshop will be to review the draft document and secure agreement among
OECS Member States on priorities and actions for the final Common
Tourism Policy. The workshop is facilitated via technical assistance
support provided by the Commonwealth Secretariat. Yellow Railroad, a
consulting firm based in the UK was contracted to execute the project,
which is expected to be completed at the end of August, 2011.
Subject Contact: Dr. Lorraine Nicholas OECS Secretariat 1-758-455-OECS
Media contact; Raymond O’Keiffe Communications Officer OECS Secretariat rokeiffe@oecs.org Tel. 1-758-455-OECS
<|endofexample|>
Roanoke, Va.: A Perfect Place for Residents
Living in Roanoke has never been better. Perfectly situated in the Blue Ridge Mountains, Roanoke offers an eclectic mix of outdoor, cultural, historical and entertainment activities. Roanoke is a five time "All-America City," a three-time "Top Digital City" and has been designated "One of America's Most Livable Communities."
Whether you're single or married, young or older, Roanoke probably has what you need. With a strong economy and a lively downtown there truly is something for everyone. Conveniently located off Interstate 81, Roanoke boasts many outdoor activities and a close proximity to several universities, lakes, ski resorts, and more. Walking, running, biking, hiking and boating are all popular choices along with shopping at the Roanoke City Market or watching a Salem Red Sox baseball game.\
A great place for families, Roanoke was named one of the 10 best places to raise a child by Parenting Magazine. And as a mid-sized city, Roanoke has many opportunities for singles, as well.
What's going on in Roanoke?
You don't need to take our word for it, check out the following sites to see what Roanoke has to offer or visit which gives a glimpse into "what it is to be a Roanoker by origin or adoption, and the love we all share for Roanoke."
Information on Roanoke's low crime rate, school systems, cost of living and activities:
Local organizations for young professionals:
Local events:
<|endofexample|>
About Integrated Facilities Management
Guided by our strong commitment to our Values, Carillion Integrated Facilities Management (CIFM) provides cutting edge integrated facilities solutions to support the evolution of healthcare, education, transportation, justice, defence, business and industry. Our technically advanced and innovative information systems, tools and training programs allow us to provide services that reduce operating costs, improve response, and increase customer satisfaction.
<|endofexample|>
Welcome back (logout)
Our registered offices are :Travel Networks Europe LtdSuite 3, Houghton Square,London SW9 9ANTel : 0207 622 6611Fax : 0207 900 2859Email : uk@carjet.comOffice hours : We can service telephone calls from 8am-6pm Mondays-Fridays and 10am-5pm at weekends. Closed on Christmas Day & New Years Day only.
We've been a leader in internet car hire since 1998 - and one of the reason's we're still here is because we take complaints seriously and try and resolve them correctly and efficiently. If something is not to your liking, please get in touch with us and give us the opportunity to put things right.
You're most welcome to call us on the number which is shown at the top of every page if there is something we can do to sort things out immediately. Or just for a chat. If your complaint is connected to your experiences when you collected your car, we're going to need to open a file to record things and forward them (often translated) to the car rental provider - so we're going to need a full summary of what went wrong in writing, preferrably via email.
Customer Services E-Mail Address : cs@carjet.comIn your email, please try and provide as much information as possible, particularly the costs you may have incurred and any support paperwork. We will respond to your email within 48 hours, confirming our actions and transmitting your complaint to the local office for verification/reports etc.
Our Cancellation PolicyOn most of our cars, we offer free cancellation at any time up to the start of the rental. We do ask you to contact us via email to request the cancellation - this frees up the car for other customers. If you need to modify your car rental booking once you've collected the car, please see the FAQS here.
Credit CardsEverytime you use a credit card in a shop, or on-line, the credit card company charges the retailer a commission of around 2% of the sale price. On big vehicles, like people carriers, this fee can cost up to 20,00 EUR - often more than the low profit margins we earn on the entire sale!Since our customers can choose to pay via debit card (without penalty) or indeed pay on arrival in many locations, we will pass on the credit card surcharge as part of the price of the car when you checkout.Debit cardsDebit cards cost us a small fixed fee per transaction. We do not pass this fee onto our customers, so there are no surcharges if you pay using a debit card.
Wherever we can, we sell our car hire in the currency of the country. This is perfectly sensible, if you think you about it - anyone selling you a car in another currency is simply "estimating" the equivalent cost and marking it up a bit extra to cover the risk of a change in the exchange rate.By paying in Euros for a Spanish car hire (for example), you're paying for the car in the local currency - at local prices.
After you have entered your dates/times/location you will be presented with a list of available vehicles.These vehicles are listed by Rental price in an ascending order.To view insurance or pick up information relevant to that particular vehicle; please click on the image of the car or the "Info" button. This will load up a small window which shows you specific details. Alternatively, all the information will be displayed on the next page after you have selected a Rental price.
Usually it is possible to set up a Full/Full fuelling policy once you have typed in all your dates/locations etc. On the left of the screen there is a list of filters. By opening up the "Fuel Policy" filter you should be presented with all the fuel arrangements.
If you find your flight is going to be delayed, it is most important that you call us at Carjet to make revised arrangements for your car hire. Normally we can make sure the supplier is aware of the delay, and so keep your car for you until your plane arrives. (This is why flight number are so important on bookings!). If it appears that your flight will be diverted as well - as can sometimes happen at Murcia San Javier airport, for example, - then we can usually arrange for you to collect your car from the new destination. This might involve having to pay a one-way hire charge, but at least there will be a car waiting for you!
<|endofexample|>
Force.
10 things you didn’t know about Force India :
1. Force India though related to India is a Britain based team and has its operations and engineering based at Silverstone (home of British Motorsport). Only the name and owner have an Indian connection.
2. Force India’s other owner ‘Michiel Mol’s’ previous venture has its contribution to a renowned comapany called “CapGemini” and was married to Miss Netherlands for 7 years.
3. Michiel Mol’s jump-to-fame-asset “Spykar Cars” which was a sports car company went bust and quit F1 to be taken over by Vijay Mallya.
4. Force India dumped none other than Ferrari in favor of its arch rivals in F1 Mercedes for its engine requirements.
5. The aerodynamics and CFD (the technical part of it) for Force India are managed and engineered by a desi company “Computational Research Laboratories” (which is a Tata enterprise)
6. Force India’s technical support partner is not an engineering firm but airplane manufacturer “Airbus”.
7. Force India was purchased by Vijay Mallya from a team which was once called Spykar. Spykar was once Midland F1 and Midland F1 in turn was a Jordan GP car. Jordan was one of the most famous F1 teams in the 1990′s.
8. The basic chasis of Force India car when purchased was a Jordan, which Narain Karthekeyan had raced in 2005. This makes Narain a senior to Vijay Mallya to the car which was later christened VJM01 in honor of the Indian businessman’s name. Jordan has raced with the names like Michael Schumacher and Ruben Barrichello in the past.
9. Force India’s first points were scored by the Italian Giancarlo Fisichella at Belgian GP in 2009. He now is a Ferrari test driver.
10. Force India’s second in line driver “Paul Di Resta” has been a DTM champion. DTM is one of the world’s leading Touring Car Racing series. Also the team’s test driver “Nico Hulkenberg” has raced against Narain Karthekeyan in the A1 GP.
BONUS : During the most coveted race every year at “Monaco”, the most anticipated party is thrown by Force India owner Vijay Mallya on his grand yatch “The Indian Empress”. By the way, the party always has a “desi theme” with tri-colors!
<|endofexample|>
The,[1] the warrior is back, as brutal as ever and distinctly better-armed.
The primary function of any civilization is to restrain human excess, and even Slavic socialism served a civilizing mission in this regard. But as the restraints of contemporary civilization recede and noncompetitive cultures fracture, victim-states often do not have the forces, and the self-emasculated West does not possess the will, to control the new warrior class arising in so many disparate parts of the world. We have entered an age in which entire nations are subject to dispossession, starvation, rape, and murder on a scale approaching genocide--not at the hands of a conquering foreign power but under the guns of their neighbors. Paramilitary warriors--thugs whose talent for violence blossoms in civil war--defy legitimate governments and increasingly end up leading governments they have overturned. This is a new age of warlords, from Somalia to Myanmar/Burma, from Afghanistan to Yugoslavia. In Georgia an ex-convict has become a kingmaker, and in Azerbaijan a warlord who marched on the capitol with a handful of wheezing armored vehicles became prime minister. In Chechnya, on the northern slopes of the Caucasus, a renegade general carved out the world's first state run entirely by gangsters--not the figurative gangsters of high Stalinism, but genuine black marketeers, murderers, drug dealers, and pimps.[2] Their warriors are the source of power for these chieftains, and the will of the populace, enervated and fickle, matters little when it matters at all.
This article will briefly consider who these new warriors are in terms of their social and psychological origins, and will examine the environment in which they operate. The objective is to provide an intellectual passport into the warrior's sullen world for US military officers and defense analysts, who, given their cultural and professional conditioning, would much rather deal with more conventional threats. This is an alert message from a very dark place.
Most warriors emerge from four social pools which exist in some form in all significant cultures. These pools produce warriors who differ in their individual implacability and redeemability. This differentiation is key to understanding warriors--who outwardly may appear identical to one another--and helps identify human centers of gravity within warrior bands or movements.,[3] and no future. With gun in hand and the spittle of nationalist ideology dripping from his mouth, today's warrior murders those who once slighted him, seizes the women who avoided him, and plunders that which he would never otherwise have possessed. Initially, the totemic effect of a uniform, however shabby and incomplete,[4] and the half-understood rhetoric of a cause lend him a notion of personal dignity he never sensed before, but his dedication to the cause is rarely as enduring as his taste for spoils. He will, however, cling to his empowering military garb. For the new warrior class, many of whose members possess no skills marketable in peace, the end of fighting means the end of the good times.
The longer the fighting continues, the more irredeemable this warrior becomes. And. Although some second-pool warriors can ultimately be gathered back into society, the average warrior who takes up a Kalashnikov at age 13 is probably not going to settle down to finish out his secondary school education ten years later without a powerful incentive.. Although these warriors are the easiest to reintegrate into civil structures--especially if their experience of violence is relatively brief--some of these men, too, will develop a taste for blood and war's profits. These warriors are the most individualized psychologically, and their redeemability will depend on character, cultural context, and the depth of any personal loss, as well as on standard characteristics such as goal achievement in their conflict and perceived postwar opportunities for jobs and other societal rewards.. The greatest, although not the only, contemporary source of military men who have degenerated into warriors is the former Soviet Union. Whether veterans of Afghanistan or simply officers who lost their positions in post-collapse cutbacks, Russian and other former-Soviet military men currently serve as mercenaries or volunteers (often one and the same thing) in the moral wasteland of Yugoslavia and on multiple sides in conflicts throughout the former Soviet Union. These warriors are especially dangerous not only because their skills heighten the level of bloodshed, but also because they provide a nucleus of internationally available mercenaries for future conflicts. Given that most civil wars begin with the actions of a small fraction of the population (as little as one percent might actively participate in or support the initial violence),[5] any rabid assembly of militants with cash will be able to recruit mercenary forces with ease and spark "tribal" strife that will make the brutality of Africa in the 1960s seem like some sort of Quaker peaceable kingdom.
Paradoxically, while the warrior seeks to hold society out of equilibrium for his own profit, he thus prevents society from offering him any alternative to the warrior life. In our century of massive postwar demobilizations, most receiving governments retained sufficient structure to absorb and assist their ex-soldiers. Helpfully, the soldiers of the great armies of the West rarely tasted war's spoils as does the warrior; rather, soldiers experienced war's sacrificial side. But the broken states in which warriors currently control the balance of power do not have the infrastructure to receive veterans and help them rebuild their lives. In many cases, the warrior's roots have been torn up and, since he is talented only at violence, his loyalty has focused on his warlord, his band of fellow warriors, or, simply, on himself.[6] Even should the miracle of peace descend on the ruins of Yugoslavia, the survivor states will be unable to constructively absorb all of the warriors who have fallen away from civilized norms--and the warriors themselves often will have no real interest in being absorbed. In the Caucasus and Afghanistan, in Nicaragua and Haiti, warriors without wars will create problems for a generation.
In the centuries before the rise of modern professional armies, the European world often faced the problem of the warrior deprived of war. In the 16th century--another age of shattered belief systems--disbanded imperial armies spread syphilis and banditry across the continent, and the next century's Thirty Years War--waged largely by warriors and not by soldiers as we know them--saw the constant disbanding and reformation of armies, with the Soldateska growing ever more vicious, unruly, and merciless.[7] Arguably modern Europe's greatest trauma, the Thirty Years War formally ended in 1648, but its warriors continued to disrupt the continent until they found other wars in which to die, were hacked to death by vengeful peasants, or were hunted down like beasts by authorities who finally had caught their breath. Today's warriors have a tremendous advantage over their antique brethren in the struggle for survival, however: the West's pathetic, if endearing, concern for human life, even when that life belongs to a murderer of epic achievement.
For the US soldier, vaccinated with moral and behavioral codes, the warrior is a formidable enemy. Euro-American soldiers in general learn a highly stylized, ritualized form of warfare, with both written and customary rules. We are at our best fighting organized soldieries who attempt a symmetrical response. But warriors respond asymmetrically, leaving us in the role of redcoats marching into an Indian-dominated wilderness. Despite the valiant and skilled performance of the US Army Rangers, our most significant combat encounter in Mogadishu looks just like Braddock's defeat--and Russian regulars were recently "Little Big Horned" in Tajikistan by tribesmen who slipped across the Afghan border.
While the US Army could rapidly devastate any band of warriors on a battlefield, few warlords will be foolish enough to accept such a challenge. Warriors usually stand and fight only when they know or believe they have an overwhelming advantage. Instead, they snipe, ambush, mislead, and betray, attempting to fool the constrained soldiers confronting them into alienating the local population or allies, while otherwise simply hunkering down and trying to outlast the organized military forces pitted against them. US soldiers are unprepared for the absolute mercilessness of which modern warriors are capable, and are discouraged or forbidden by their civilian masters and their own customs from taking the kind of measures that might be effective against members of the warrior class.
The US experience with warriors in Somalia has not been a happy one, but the disastrous UN experience in Yugoslavia has been worse.[8] Imagining they can negotiate with governments to control warrior excesses, the United Nations and other well-intentioned organizations plead with the men-in-suits in Belgrade, Zagreb, and Sarajevo to come to terms with one another. But the war in Bosnia and adjacent regions already has degenerated to a point where many local commanders obey only orders which flatter them. Should a peace treaty ever come to signature, the only way to make it work will be for those forces loyal to the central authorities to hunt down, disarm, and if necessary kill their former comrades-in-arms who refuse to comply with the peace terms. Even then, "freedom fighters," bandits, and terrorists will haunt the mountain passes and the urban alleys for years to come.
On the West Bank of the Jordan and in Gaza, the newly legitimized Palestinian authorities face formidable problems with two lost generations, unskilled or de-skilled, whose heroes answer offers of dialog with terror and for whom compromise appears equivalent to prostitution. Without the Intifada, many Palestinians, from teenagers to the chronologically mature, have no core rationale for their lives. At a virtually immeasurable cultural remove, Irish Republican Army terrorists are heroes only until the counties of Northern Ireland find peace. In Sri Lanka, many Tamil rebels will never be able to return to productive lives in a settled society--nor will many of the Khmer Rouge, Philippine communists, Angola's UNITA rebels, or any of Africa's other clan-based warriors masquerading behind the rank and trappings of true soldiers.[9] Even in the United States, urban gang members exhibit warrior traits and may be equally impossible to reconcile to civilized order as it is generally valued in Euro-America. For the warrior, peace is the least-desirable state of affairs, and he is inclined to fight on in the absence of a direct, credible threat to his life. As long as the warrior believes he can survive on the outside of any new peace, he will view a continuation of warfare through criminal means as the most attractive alternative. And there is good reason for the warrior to decline to lay down his arms--the most persistent and ruthless warriors ultimately receive the best terms from struggling governments. Indeed, they sometimes manage to overthrow those governments and seize power when the governments tumble into crisis after failing to deliver fundamental welfare and security to the population.[10]
In addition to those warriors whose educations--however rudimentary--were interrupted, men who fall into the warrior class in adulthood often find their new situation far more pleasant than the manual labor for subsistence wages or chronic unemployment to which peace had condemned them. The warrior milieu allows pathetic misfits to lead lives of waking fantasy and remarkable liberties. Unlike organized militaries, paramilitary bands do not adhere to rigorous training schedules, and when they need privies, they simply roust out the locals at gunpoint and tell them where to dig. In the Yugoslav ruins, for instance, many of the patriotic volunteers (identical, whether Serb, Croat, or Bosnian Muslim) find that war gives them leisure, choice, and recognition, as well as a camaraderie they never knew in the past. The unemployed Lumpenproletarier from Mostar or Belgrade can suddenly identify with the action-video heroes he and his comrades admire between raids on villages where only women, children, and old men remain.
In Armenia, during a period of crisis for Nagorno-Karabakh, I encountered a local volunteer who had dyed his uniform black and who proudly wore a large homemade swastika on his breast pocket, even though his people had suffered this century's first genocide.[11] The Russian mercenaries who rent out their resentment over failed lives almost invariably seek to pattern themselves after Hollywood heroes, and even Somalia's warlords adorn themselves with Anglo nicknames such as "Jess" or "Morgan."[12] This transfer of misunderstood totems between cultures has a vastly more powerful negative effect on our world than the accepted logic of human behavior allows. But, then, we have entered an age of passion and illogic, an era of the rejection of "scientific" order. That is exactly what the pandemic of nationalism and fundamentalism is about. We are in an instinctive, intuitive phase of history, and such times demand common symbols that lend identity and reduce the need for more intellectualized forms of communication. Once, warriors wore runic marks or crosses on their tunics--today, they wear T-shirts with Madonna's image (it is almost too obvious to observe that one madonna seems to be as good as another for humanity). If there are two cultural artifacts in any given bunker in the Bosnian hills, they are likely to be a blond nude tear-out and a picture of Sylvester Stallone as Rambo.[13] Many warriors, guilty of unspeakable crimes, develop such a histrionic self-image that they will drop just about any task to pose for a journalist's camera--the photograph is a totem of immortality in the warrior's belief system, which is why warriors will sometimes take the apparently illogical step of allowing snapshots of their atrocities. In Renaissance Europe (and Europe may soon find itself in need of another renaissance), the typical Landsknecht wanted money, loot, women, and drink. His modern counterpart also wants to be a star.[14]
Worldwide, the new warrior class already numbers in the millions.[15].
Warrior-mercenaries always moved. Irishmen fought for France, Scots for Sweden, and the Germans sold their unwashed swordarms to everyone from Palermo to Poland. But today's improved travel means allow warriors deprived of "their" war to fly or drive to the next promising misfortune. Mujahedeen from Afghanistan, recently adored by Americans, have turned up in Azerbaijan,[16] and Russian brawlers with military educations are fighting in Bosnia, Croatia, Georgia, Nagorno-Karabakh, Tajikistan, and as enforcers for the internationalizing Russian mafia. One of the most intriguing characters I've met in the Caucasus was an ethnic-Armenian citizen of Lebanon who had been trained by the PLO in the Bekaa Valley to fight Turkic Azeris in Karabagh. The Azeri warriors he faced have been trained by entrepreneurial Russians, exasperated Turks, and reportedly by Iranians and Israelis.[17] In Bosnia, mustered out Warsaw Pact soldiers serve in the same loosely organized units as adventure-seeking Germans and Frenchmen.[18] In this regard, it might be in the interests of surrounding countries to let the fighting in Bosnia stew on: when that pot cools there is going to be a lot of unattractive spillage. Yugoslavia and the wars on Russia's crumpled frontiers are vast training grounds for the warriors who will not be content without a conflict somewhere. While most warriors will attempt to maintain their privileges of violence on their own territory, within their own linguistic groups, the overall number of warriors is growing so quickly that even a small percentage migrating from trouble spot to trouble spot could present a destabilizing factor with which we have yet to reckon..[19]
There are quite a few realistic steps we might take to gain a better grasp on these inevitable, if unwanted, opponents. First, we should begin to build an aggregate data base that is not rigidly compartmented by country and region. We may deploy to the country where Warlord X has carved out his fief, or we may meet him or his warriors on the soil of a third-party state.[20] The future may create allegiances and alliances which will confound us, but if we start now to identify likely players, that drab, laborious, critical labor may pay significant dividends one day. As a minimum, if we start files on warrior chieftains now, we will have richer background files on a number of eventual heads of state. Such a data base will be a tough sell in a time of shrinking staffs and disappearing budgets, and analysts, accustomed to the luxury of intellectual routine, will rebel against its challenge and uncertainty. But in practical terms, studying potential opponents of this nature now will pay off on two counts: first, when we fight we will be more likely to know whom we're fighting; second, the process of compiling such a data base will build human expertise in this largely neglected field.[21]
We also need to struggle against our American tendency to focus on hardware and bean-counting to attack the more difficult and subtle problems posed by human behavior and regional history. For instance, to begin to identify the many fuses under the Caucasus powderkeg, you have to understand that Christian Armenians, Muslim (and other) Kurds, and Arabs ally together because of their mutual legacy of hatred toward Turks. The Israelis support Turkic peoples because Arabs support the Christians (and because the Israelis are drawn to Caspian oil). The Iranians see the Armenians as allies against the Turks, but are torn because Azeri Turks are Shi'a Muslims.[22] And the Russians want everybody out who doesn't "belong." Many of these alignments surprise US planners and leaders because we don't study the hard stuff. If electronic collection means can't acquire it, we pretend we don't need it--until we find ourselves in downtown Mogadishu with everybody shooting at us.
We need to commit more of our training time to warrior threats. But first we need to ask ourselves some difficult questions. Do we have the strength of will, as a military and as a nation, to defeat an enemy who has nothing to lose? When we face warriors, we. Are we able to engage in and sustain the level of sheer violence it can take to eradicate this kind of threat? To date, the Somalia experience says "No.".
Combatting warriors will force us to ask fundamental questions about ourselves as well as about our national and individual identities and values. But the kind of warfare we are witnessing now and will see increasingly in the future raises even more basic issues, challenging many of the assumptions in which liberal Western culture indulges. Yugoslavia alone raises issues that have challenged philosophers and college freshmen since the first professor faced a student. What is man's nature? Are we really the children of Rousseau and of Benetton ads, waiting only for evil governments to collapse so that our peaceable, cotton-candy natures can reveal themselves? Or are we killing animals self-organized into the disciplinary structures of civilization because the alternative is mutual, anarchic annihilation? What of all that self-hobbling rhetoric about the moral equivalency of all cultures? Isn't it possible that a culture (or religion or form of government) that provides a functional combination of individual and collective security with personal liberties really does deserve to be taken more seriously than and emulated above a culture that glorifies corruption, persecutes nonbelievers, lets gunmen rule, and enslaves its women? Is all human life truly sacred, no matter what crimes the individual or his collective may commit?
Until we are able to answer such questions confidently, the members of the new warrior class will simply laugh at us and keep on killing.
NOTES
1. See Samuel P. Huntington, "The Clash of Civilizations," Foreign Affairs, 72 (Summer 1993), 22-49, for a brilliant, courageous analysis of this metastasizing cultural crisis. Huntington was subsequently attacked in print by whole tribes of pygmies, none of whom made a dent in his thesis. See also my article, "Vanity and the Bonfires of the 'isms," Parameters, 23 (Autumn 1993), 39-50.
2. For background on the Chechens, see Marie Bennigsen Broxup, ed., The North Caucasus Barrier (London: Hurst and Company, 1992), or, for a fascinating historical perspective, Sh. V. Megrelidze, Zakavkaze v Russko-Turetskoy Voine (Tbilisi: Metsniyereba, 1972). In fairness, it must be noted that the peoples of the North Caucasus generally view Djokar Dudayev's Grosny government in a markedly positive light, crediting him as a patriot and capable organizer, as was brought home to me by Dr. Zaur Dydymov, the energetic and talented Head of the Juridical Department of the Daghestan Republic Council of Ministers.
3. As a draft of this article circulated, nothing excited so much comment as this phrase. In general, the otherwise positive puritanism of the US officer corps and Foreign Service cripples our ability to understand some starkly fundamental human motivations. We fear the hurricane of biology nearly as much as we distrust intuition, barricade ourselves behind the quantifiable, and practice Jomini even as we quote poor translations of Clausewitz (US officers have no sense of Clausewitz's Promethean Romanticism but sense that there's nonetheless some sort of uncomfortable darkness about the guy). Confronted with "rape cultures," such as those of Slavic Orthodoxy or Sub-Saharan Africa, we recoil to concentrate on the local traits that bear a reassuring resemblance to our own behavioral structures--not on the crucial differences.
4. The government of Croatia chose the US Battle Dress Uniform for its military, not least for its evocative associations. A visit to the provisional military museum in downtown Zagreb provides a wealth of stimulating images, among them the World War II Croatian military's aping of Wehrmacht uniforms (Bundeswehr dress uniforms are still in vogue), and the 1990s look for front line and COMMZ, the all-American BDU. The reasons for such choices and tendential shifts are worth another article, at least.
5. For a classic study of how the bold, ruthless few drive the many, see Joachim C. Fest, Hitler, Volume One, Der Aufsteig (Frankfurt/M: Verlag Ullstein, 1973). Also, the various writings of Sebastian Haffner on the rise and appeal of National Socialism; Elias Canetti, Masse und Macht; any serious work on the 1917 Bolshevik coup. Sociopolitical earthquakes, from the Reformation to the American Revolution, rarely have the active support of even one percent of the population in their germinal phases. The majority of military coups in the non-competitive world also involve far less than one percent of the population in their mechanisms. For nonpolitical, nonmilitary examples of the tyranny of tiny, self-absorbed minorities over the mass, consider the impoundment of own cultural upper register by various activist groups. Intriguingly, current research in the field of complexity offers a scientific demonstration of how the activity of seemingly inconsequential variables can spark immeasurably disproportionate reactions.
6. Especially for US Army officers and diplomats, this century's great forgotten revolution and civil war--the Mexican experience--merits study. An entry-level work is Ramon Eduardo Ruiz, The Great Rebellion, Mexico, 1905-1924 (New York: W. W. Norton, 1980). For a superb group portrait of "warriors," read Mariano Azuela's out-of-print novel, The Underdogs, which provides remarkable insights into how Mexico's revolutionary warriors degenerated.
7. Ricarda Huch, Der Dreissigjaehrige Krieg (Frankfurt/M: Insel Verlag, 1912, 1914). Although Huch--the only major German historian to defy Hitler--is stylistically out of fashion, this monumental work presents the richest picture ever encountered by this author of how extended wars infected with a religious (read also "nationalist or ethnic") bias can annihilate moral and social orders. No one who has read this work could fail to be haunted by its images. Also, Golo Mann, Wallenstein (Frankfurt/M: S. Fischer Verlag GmbH, 1971), or, for English-only readers, the classic, and classically restrained, study by C. V. Wedgwood, The Thirty Years War (London: Johnathan Cape, 1938). A study of the Thirty Years War is essential to understanding modern continental Europe, why Euro-Americans make war in such a stylized fashion, and why we are so nonplussed by events in former Yugoslavia.
8. Personal conversations with UNPROFOR and UNHCR officers in Croatia, January-February 1994.
9. For a striking, highly readable, and provocative account, see Robert D. Kaplan, "The Coming Anarchy," The Atlantic Monthly, February 1994. Kaplan is willing to take physical and intellectual risks most American journalists shun. His book, Balkan Ghosts, offers a fine, quick introduction to a region we will still fail to understand after US troops have been there for a decade or two.
10. This happened in 1993, in Azerbaijan, with the Huseinov coup, although the primary coupmaker has been marginalized for now.
11. Many Armenian Fidayeen militiamen wear black uniforms with white Armenian crosses--a very different matter.
12. For the best reporting that came out of the US intervention in Somalia, see the series of articles by Sean Naylor, then by Katherine McIntire, in Army Times, between January and March 1993. These two reporters avoided the Mogadishu trap and went down-country to get the story the remainder of the media missed. Their work represents remarkable journalism from an often-overlooked source.
13. See the extensive 1992 and 1993 reporting by Der Spiegel, with its frequent character studies of the participants in the latest Balkan War.
14. Again, this is the sort of motivational issue with which US officers and analysts are ill-prepared to cope. Prisoners of rationalism at its most pedestrian, we are simply not alert to the "irrational" cultures and individuals covering most of this planet.
15. A country-by-country assessment of extant and potential warriors yields round numbers well into the millions--at the most conservative count. Not only are many African military establishments filled with warriors and not soldiers as we know them (see Kaplan again), but the pools of potential warriors in the former Soviet empire and in China reach into the tens of millions.
16. See Hurriyet, Istanbul, 23 December 1993, "Turkey to lift the arms embargo against Azerbaijan." Also, from the Armenian side, SNARK reports of 16 December 1993; Radio Yerevan (Azeri broadcast), 31 January 1994; Aragil Electronic News Bulletin, 10 February 1994, all Yerevan.
17. Multiple reports, Russian, Azeri, Armenian, and Turkish press.
18. Der Spiegel, as above.
19. For an incisive survey of the historical dimensions of the problem, see Great Powers And Little Wars, ed. A. Hamish Ion and E. J. Errington (Westport, Conn.: Praeger, 1993).
20. A daintily ignored aspect of this is that ethnic cleansing works as a solution to ethno-national competition. For all the attendant misery, the expulsion of ethnic Germans from East Prussia, Pomerania, Silesia, and Czechoslovakia after 1945 brought regional stability, as did the post-World War I expulsion of the Greeks from Anatolia. From the dispersion of the Jewish people by Roman legionnaires to the near-extermination of the Plains Indians, history is swollen with examples of brutal ethnic cleansing that ultimately accomplished its purpose--making the world safe for ethnocracy. Just because something is loathsome doesn't mean it isn't effective.
21. Given the fluid nature of the warrior problem, this may appear to be an impossible mission--yet, there is no practical alternative.
22. Magda Neiman, Armyanye (St. Petersburg: 1898); S. T. Zolyan and G. K. Mirzoyan, Nagorney Karabakh i Vokryg Nyevo (Yerevan: 1991); Artem Ohandjanian, Armenien (Wien: Boehlau, 1989); the classic Deutschland und Armenien, 1914-1918, Samlung Diplomatischer Aktenstuecke, assembled by Dr. Johannes Lepsius (Potsdam: Tempelverlag, 1919); W. E. D. Allen and Paul Muratoff, Caucasian Battlefields (Cambridge, Eng.: Cambridge Univ. Press, 1953); Christopher J. Walker, Armenia (New York: St. Martin's Press, 1980); Ronald Grigor Suny, Looking Toward Ararat (Bloomington: Indiana Univ. Press, 1993); Christopher J. Walker, ed., Armenia and Karabagh (London: Minority Rights Publications, 1991); Audrey L. Altstadt, The Azerbaijani Turks, (Stanford, Calif.: Hoover Press, 1992). After all of the scholarly studies, this aspect of the Trans-Caucasian problem was best brought home to me by an Iranian diplomat who gave me a lift into Yerevan from the airport at one in the morning in the summer of 1992. He needed help carrying his diplomatic pouches. Delighted to speak with a US citizen, he repeatedly stressed the importance of "telling the Armenian story" in the West. In so much of the world, the political situation is vastly more complex than the vanity of the Department of State allows., Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Croatia, Serbia, Bulgaria, Romania, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Turkey, as well as various West European countries. He has published five books, as well as dozens of articles and essays on military and international concerns. This is his third article for Parameters.
Reviewed 26 February 1998. Please send comments or corrections to usarmy.carlisle.awc.mbx.parameters@mail.mil.
<|endofexample|>
Carspotters' Challenge #19--The Castle Walls of...Chicago???
This is the parking lot of the Brickyard Shopping Center in Chicago in 1977, as seen from the roof of one of the stores. I feel a sudden compulsion to taunt passers-by in an outrageous French accent.
See any cars that strike your fancy?
--Cookie the Dog's Owner
(Photo obtained from the Station Wagon Forum's collection of vintage street scenes, contributed by member "yellerspirit.")
<|endofexample|>
In its effort to ensure the rights described in its Agreement on Human Rights, the Dayton Peace Accords created a unique international tribunal called the Human Rights Chamber for Bosnia and Herzegovina, located in Sarajevo. This court has established a national body of law applicable in all of Bosnia. Just as important, it has brought the concept of fundamental human rights down from the lofty language used to help justify humanitarian intervention to tangible procedures that can be used by the local community to protect its rights.
The Human Rights Chamber applies the jurisprudence of the Council of Europe, which is the body responsible for applying the European Convention on Human Rights. The Agreement on Human Rights, however, also places other international instruments directly within the Chamber’s jurisdiction, giving it a broader mandate than that of the Council of Europe. The Chamber deals with problems that resulted from the war and the NATO intervention, such as the return of hundreds of thousands of displaced persons from their homes, as well as issues that the conclusion of hostilities exposed, such as a judicial and administrative system pervaded as much by corruption as by the rule of law.
The Chamber receives applications from any person or group who claims to be the victim of a violation of a protected right. Grievances must be directed against the parties to the Agreement on Human Rights, which are the state of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Muslim-Croat Federation, and the Serb Republic. They are primarily civil, rather than criminal, in nature. The majority of the applications received and registered deal with an applicant’s attempts to regain control of his or her property lost because of the war. The Chamber accepts cases according to discretionary criteria, such as whether the applicant has exhausted all possible remedies in the domestic legal system or whether to continue to do so would be futile. If it determines there has been a violation of protected rights, it may order that relief be granted in the form of monetary compensation, land reclamation, or whatever else the Chamber considers equitable. Its conclusions are binding law in Bosnia, and their enforcement is obligatory. While enforcement has proved difficult, especially with respect to politically sensitive cases such as ordering the construction of Islamic mosques in a predominantly Orthodox region, all the parties have made strides recently in meeting their obligations.
One of the most important effects of the Chamber’s work is that it has reduced the rhetoric of human rights to concrete procedures. Inherent in the international community’s decision to intervene in Bosnia was the goal of limiting all forms of discrimination among the Croats, the Muslims, and the Serbs. Before the war, there was no legitimate means by which individuals of one ethnicity could complain if they felt they had been discriminated against by an official from another. With the cessation of hostilities, however, the agreement made applications containing allegations of discrimination an express priority of the Chamber.
While discrimination remains one of the most difficult violations to prove, the Chamber has made a few decisions in favor of the claimant. In the town of Livno, a predominantly Croat area, for example, numerous public bus drivers who were Muslim were fired during the war because of their ethnic origin. After the war ended, these persons attempted to regain their positions but were denied, again owing to their ethnicity—and despite numerous legal efforts. One of these bus drivers applied to the Human Rights Chamber in an attempt to regain his job. The court found that there had been discrimination and ordered that the driver be given back his job. Much to the relief of the applicant, he was reinstated soon thereafter.
With such rulings, the Chamber has provided hope and confidence in the rule of law to a populace who had lost almost all faith in its own legal system. Applicants express genuine gratitude toward the Chamber for its work. When an applicant receives a favorable decision, the reaction is often akin to disbelief, even if the case was clearly in the applicant’s favor. The Chamber’s work has also raised the profile of human rights in Bosnia in general. As the Chamber has issued more decisions, and as more of these decisions have been enforced, the idea of human rights has spread through word of mouth and media coverage of the Chamber’s actions. In addition, international organizations and NGOs such as the OSCE refer to the Chamber’s remedies, a recognition that raises interest in human rights. Moreover, the Chamber has set standards for the bodies responsible for writing and enacting laws in Bosnia.
Further benefits resulting from the Chamber’s presence are evident in the legal profession in Bosnia. During the five-plus years of the Chamber’s existence, both the parties that bring their cases to the Chamber and the respondents have become more savvy in their understanding and argumentation of human rights. Early arguments made by the parties before the Chamber would for the most part simply refute the facts. Now the parties cite the case law of the Council of Europe, the Chamber, and other relevant international bodies.
The Chamber’s popularity, however, brings difficulties. It has created a sizable backlog—there are approximately 6,000 open cases, with more being registered daily. Applicants may have to wait for long periods of time for decisions, leading to obvious frustrations. Further, as the Chamber’s body of law grows, it exposes laws written both before and after the war that do not meet international standards. This forces the relevant legislatures to create new laws, pushing these institutions farther than they may be currently capable or willing to go.
Another drawback of the Chamber’s work is its deepening of Bosnia’s dependence on the international community. A significant portion of the Chamber’s legitimacy comes from its internationality—Bosnians believe it to be above the conflicts and biases of domestic institutions. However, in many cases it is perceived as the only legitimate legal institution that can provide justice. Unless the domestic system is used, it will not improve, its deficiencies will not be exposed and corrected, nor will it have the chance to develop under the guidance of the international community. Also, like many international tribunals, the Chamber is funded primarily by donations from European governments and the United States. Five years after the end of the war, the will to provide money is starting to wane. While local governments are supposed to take over the funding of the Chamber and make it a wholly domestic institution, the future is uncertain. Until relevant domestic institutions have become fully capable of ensuring human rights protection, the Chamber’s survival will depend on the international community.
Despite its problems, the Chamber has done much to raise the profile of human rights and the rule of law. Over time, these improvements will continue to trickle down and permeate a civil society suppressed by socialism and made cynical by the war. In addressing the effects of war and humanitarian intervention, the Chamber has proved that its unique work is of great benefit in the effort to right pressing wrongs faced by Bosnians in their everyday lives.
<|endofexample|>
Tracy is NewsChannel 15's Executive Producer.
Darlington County deputies say a man tried to kick in the back door of a home on Farrow Ridge Court about 9 a.m. Friday.
When the door didn't open, the man went around to the front door and kicked that in, deputies say.
The noise at the back door awoke the resident who met the suspect at the front door and shot at him when the door opened, hitting the suspect in the leg and butt.
The suspect ran away and into an SUV with two other men inside, deputies say.
Deputies were able to stop the SUV and arrested the two who weren't wounded.
Rakeem Bruce, 22, and Daquam James, 20, both of Darlington, are in jail on a Burglary charge.
Deputies have not released the name of the man who was shot yet. He'll be taken to jail when he's released from the hospital.
The resident is not expected to face any charges.
<|endofexample|>
Tiny Tots
This is our Tiny Tots curriculum. It is designed for children ages 18—36 months. It’s easy, with no cutting necessary. Plus, each child will be excited to sit down and make a short craft. Our Tiny Tots curriculum will provide a readiness program that will help them in following directions and using their imaginations. Our Tiny Tots curriculum will coordinate with other curriculums so all children can sit down and do their projects together.
Monday - Friday projects.
<|endofexample|>
Finally my first post in 2013! I had my New Year in Marina Bay Sands, Singapore with my beloved family. Here we go, 2013! New journey of us! I haven't made any resolution before, but let me do it right now.
Eat healthy and exercise regularly. (Oh man, this is so hard!)
Save more $$$
Get double-job-promotion
Better work/life balance
Read and blog more
Travel more
It's very seldom for me to wear a long denim. But if I feel in the mood of wearing denim, I pick my Opus Dei by AYE! Denim. I find it comfortable. And it's surprised me that Opus Dei just fit me how I want it to especially the length of the jeans. No regret! :D
Then I'll give you some pictures of our last AUTUMN WIPE OUT at @NINOTCHKA_JKT. I met with my lovely girls Sonia Eryka, Anastasia Siantar, Clara Devi, and CIndy Biantoro. They just made my weekend perfect. Thanks to friendly buyers too, I feel blessed :D
Some photos are captured by Sonia Eryka, thanks doll, for letting me steal your photos :)
CAROLSLETTERS X @wearCAROLS
Congratulations to my lucky readers:
Joscelyn Kim
Putri Soe
Melda Auditia
Please kindly send a message to : marcellacarolineariani@yahoo.com :) then wait for the surprises from me & @wearCAROLS
p.s. I know it's super late post, but I hope you understand because my work is kinda exploded. Hope all is well :)
xx, Marcella Caroline
13 comments:
OMG I'm the lucky one!! :'D
Thank you so much!
Xx <3
so cute! <3 your outfit and I hope your wish this year will come true!
sesilianastasia.blogspot.com
Happy new year kak! :D
seems you have a great time in Singapore! :D
xoxo
love your outfit..pretty!! =`)
xoxo,
teru2xbozu.blogspot.com
loving the casual look ci <3 the boots are super edgy, and the top is super cute! the jeans also look perfect on you <3 you look simple but stunning at the same time! xx
lisshandratanata.blogspot.com
your camera looks like lomo, is that has a function like lomo?
visit my blog
"best place for you to buy your bluehost hosting,domain & amazon products"
love the galaxy top, you look stunning! happy new year ci Olin! <3
Letters To Juliet
Yes it's lomo camera :)
love the photos here
moyiiin it's been awhile since i visit your blog, semangat ya kerjanya kamu ahahhaha.i wish i could attend the wipeout T__T hope to see you in 5 more months miss you so much!
i really want to attend the wipeout but i can't-_- all photos are really nice, and i love how you combined those outfits!
pretty style :)
visit mine whenever you had a chance :D
warmest regards,
Miss Aa
You look so gorgeous <3
visit my blog if you have time:)
and, I'm holding giveaway!
xoxo,
<|endofexample|>
BMW 328 Used Vehicle Listings Near Columbia, MO
Narrow Your Search
20,000 or less (3)
30,000 or less (8)
40,000 or less (8)
50,000 or less (8)
60,000 or less (8)
70,000 or less (8)
80,000 or less (8)
90,000 or less (8)
100,000 or less (8)
Convertible (2)
4 stars or more (3)
3 stars or more (3)
2 stars or more (3)
Last 7 Days (1)
Last 2 Weeks (3)
Last Month (5)
Has Photos .
<|endofexample|>
Warning:
- Insulting or offensive comments will be removed
- Adverts are not allowed
- To keep things manageable, frequent visitors must not post more than 3 comments per day
Car dealers - the purpose of this site isn't to review specific car dealers, it's to review cars. General comments about a manufacturer's dealer network are OK, but feedback on specific dealers is not allowed. This also holds for other automotive service businesses
Anonymity - while entries to this website are generally anonymous, relevant contact details will be passed on to the appropriate parties in cases of defamation and libel
I agree with the rules above: Continue to the next page
<|endofexample|>
Summary:
Best car in its class, will recommend to anyone!
Faults:
I had a rear pillar on the passenger side that kept popping out. Dealership replaced no problem.
General Comments:
Performance wise this car is quick for a 2.4 CVT. Compared to other cars, it blows them out.
It is very comfortable. I decided not to go leather as I hate sliding around.
I love all the features; including the bluetooth on the wheel and audio controls.
At night I like the dash lights. The red glow just makes you crazy in a good way.
The car itself looks mean, a lot of people usually ask me about what I think of this car.
I haven't had problems with the paint like others have complained about, I do drive on the highway a lot as I live in the country.
Would you buy another car from this manufacturer? Yes
Review Date: 27th October, 2009
14th Mar 2010, 05:29
Personally, no one car in that price range is perfect. There will be bound to be somethings that you dislike, and some you like.
14th Mar 2010, 10:26
I wrote this review and suggest not getting a Lancer unless you go all out on the 3M Protective coat and rock deflector. I have numerous rock chips all throughout my hood and panels, clear coat is fading in the back passenger side. Fighting with Mitsubishi on this, this should not be happening on a 6 month old car. I regret buying this 100%. Probably going to trade it in for another manufacture all together and take the loss.
<|endofexample|>
2000 Vitara 2 dr Soft top 4x4
Fun if you do trails and NO highway driving
2000 Vitara
I love it, especially how it handles
2000 Vitara JX
Great car for the money!
2003 Vitara JX
Decent SUV, but could be a little better
Great little do anything SUV
176 words, 2 comments
282 words
Fun, reliable and economical to run
49 words, 2 comments
It was an decent vehicle.
139 words, 2 comments
294 words, 5 comments
24 words
124 words
Invest the money on an SUV that provides reliability
81 words
Good fun, economical and practical. Utilitarian
91 words, 1 comment
Look elsewhere for compact a S.U.V!
64 words, 4 comments
Copyright 1997 - 2013 CSDO Media Limited Advertise on this site
<|endofexample|>
Summary:
A practical, fun, suprisingly nippy classic
Faults:
Engine fan is faulty so motor overheats when idling.
Middle exhaust section blew and needed replaced.
Electrics have gone a bit sideways, fuses blowing easily. Currently being fixed.
Minor rust on bumper but in tidy nick for a car that is nearly 20.
General Comments:
The Yugo is terrific fun to drive. Although the car looks slow and cumbersome, the engine is pure Fiat, torque-y in low gears and with a good top end.
The interior is pretty basic, but there is plenty of room and a spacious boot.
The car handles very well and bar a few minor niggles, it has been a good one.
It is economical to drive.
There are so few Yugos like these left now in the UK (must be less than a dozen), that the car attracts a lot of attention- ranging from laughter to genuine interest.
I will definitely get another, but it looks like a long road trip to Serbia to buy a new one when this one finally gives up the ghost. However it is still going well and has a fair few thousand miles left in it.
Spares are okay to buy in the UK still, other than body panel parts, which are pretty much unobtainable.
Would you buy another car from this manufacturer? Yes
Review Date: 14th April, 2008
20th Dec 2008, 13:34
I bought one of these a few years ago from Telford auctions for £10 plus commission. Amazing little car! Would keep up with a friend's Fiesta XR2 no problem. Would definitely buy another if I saw one!
13th Apr 2009, 06:02
It's nearly a year to the day since I wrote the original review. In that time my Yugo has done nearly 12,000 miles all around Europe - Estonia, Finland, Germany, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Croatia, Slovenia, Austria and the Netherlands, as well as being driven all over Scotland. It held its own impressively on the German autobahn with a top speed of 145km/h recorded, the car was shaking like a satellite on re-entry though and this speed is not to be recommended for long.
Suffice it to say that in that time almost everything has gone wrong with the car, including:
1. Entire new thermostat and radiator required after profound failure of cooling system in Slovenia.
2. Master brake cylinder replaced.
3. Steering rack perished, fixed.
4. Rear shock absorbers replaced.
5. New front brake pads and shoes fitted.
6. Endless minor electrical faults including failure of headlights owing to faulty sensor on a pitch black, unfamiliar Fife country road. Headlights replaced, car completely re-wired twice.
7. Wiper motor gear burnt out and replaced. Wiper linkage endlessly defective and unreliable.
8. Its MOT cost £1,000 this time last year, which included substantial welding of the car chassis by the wheel arches.
Suffice it to say that the Yugo is great fun when it goes - however this version is plagued with *endless* minor problems, which don't stop you driving, but which are a bit annoying/demoralising, especially when they occur 3,000 miles from home, 3 days before Christmas.
My replacement? A Yugo 311!!
<|endofexample|>
The library collects ephemera on a range of American artists and photographers in the form of small exhibition catalogues, magazine and newspaper clippings, reproductions, resumes, and other printed matter. Many of the artists in these files do not have work in the museum’s art collection.
The index to names in these files may be searched by keyword using the search box below or by browsing by last name using the alphabet provided. The material contained in these files has not been digitized and is not directly accessible via this site. Please send questions about the contents of these files to library@cartermuseum.org or call the library reference desk, 817.989.5040.
<|endofexample|>
CASA and its regional councils regularly publish newsletters with updates and information relevant to its membership. Newsletters also serve as a forum for the dissemination of work in progress and new ideas in asian studies.
CCSEAS Vol 11 No 2 (Spring 2013)
CCSEAS Vol 11 No 1 (Spring 2012)
CCSEAS Vol 10 No 2 (Winter 2011)
CCSEAS Vol 10 No 1 (Fall 2010)
CCSEAS Vol 9 No 2 (Winter 2009
<|endofexample|>
Arrival:
Departure:
Guests:12345678910
Availability
Modify Reservation!
Ranked as the number one course in the Caribbean and 43rd in the top 100 courses, worldwide, by Golf Magazine, Pete Dye´s classic Teeth of the Dog attracts the best professional and amateur golfers in the world.
The numbers are staggering: 7,740 yards in length; 7- CLIFF-side holes dropping 300 feet to the Chavon River below; 40 mph gusting winds - and breathtaking 360 degree views! Introducing Pete Dye´s latest gem at Casa de Campo: Dye Fore.
Beautiful inland Links course at Casa de Campo may not seem as exciting or challenging as its sea-side and cliff-hugging siblings, but don´t be deceived. The Links course has undergone a major renovation, and has re-opened as a brand new course in April, 2012.
Experience makes a good caddie, and LOTS of Experience makes a great caddie! Casa de Campo´s caddies are without a doubt some of the best in the industry. Many of them caddied with their fathers, who were also Casa de Campo caddies - as a result, their knowledge on how to best play these courses is unmatched.
Please note: Caddies are REQUIRED when playing the Teeth of the Dog, and are optional on The Links and Dye Fore courses.
Photo gallery
The Dominican Republic's Leading Resort
<|endofexample|>
The page in question has not been verified by its author in quite some time.
If the information provided on the page is time sensitive, it is possible that it is no longer accurate. To ensure that you receive the most current information, we recommend you contact the page's author. He or she can verify whether the information is correct and/or direct you to a more up-to-date page.
Continue to the requested page.
© 2004-2012 Case Western Reserve University | Cleveland, Ohio 44106 | 216.368.2000 | legal notice
<|endofexample|>
In the inescapable health-care debate, we hear a good deal about the Canadian health system, the British system, the French system.
What we do not hear about, however, are Canadian health consumers, British consumers, French consumers, or American consumers, for that matter.
Our reformers, such as they are, design their plans under the assumption that consumers everywhere are all alike. False assumption. They ain’t. I found this out the hard way.
In the way of background, some years back I accepted a Fulbright to teach at the University of Nancy in eastern France. Overall, it was a swell experience and I loved the country, but as I learned, the French really are different from you and me.
As a first, in-class assignment for my students, I asked them to write an essay on why they had chosen the University of Nancy. They tittered. When I inquired why, they explained that they had no choice. They lived in the region. This is where they went. End of discussion, end of assignment.
The students went from class to class en bloc. In the French tradition, they formed an informal syndicate among themselves, chastised overachievers, ostracized dissenters, and went on strike six times during the course of the year, on the last occasion when the graduating seniors demanded that the university find them jobs. Those kids now run the country.
They will undoubtedly have made great fonctionnaires—civil servants who work for the government or a govern- ment-sponsored institution. To a large extent, France is a country of fonctionnaires. As early as 1600, France could claim some 3,000 of them, filling such prophetically dubious posts as “inspector of Oranges.”
My favorite was the guy who manned the gate at the university parking lot. Each morning, he carefully checked the same sticker stuck on my car in the same place as it was every other morning. When satisfied, he would wave me through as though he had chosen me—barely and grudgingly—among the elect at the last coming.
That he guarded a lot of some 50 spaces, never more than half full in an area where parking was otherwise free and plentiful, troubled him not a bit. He had a function, filled it nobly—if a bit leisurely—and God help the man who mucked with it.
The attitude fonctionnaire confuses Americans into thinking the French hate us. What the French hate are customers—of any race, creed, color, or point of origin.
America has its own fonctionnaires, of course, not all of them charming, but here many public service providers, the good ones, model their delivery on private sector norms. In France, the private service providers—mom and pop shops excluded—model themselves on the public. As a result, our DMVs are more cheerful and customer-friendly than their department stores.
French travelers recognize the difference between the- ir service economy and ours. One of my students, who had recently spent a year over here, wistfully described America as “the land where the customer is king.”
A month into my stay in France, I unexpectedly got in touch with my inner American consumer, my inner king. The item consumed was health care. The actual patient was my two-year-old daughter.
It all started innocently enough. My daughter fell from her trike, as two-year-olds do. When two days later she woke with a swollen elbow, I took her to the emergency room of the children’s hospital in town.
There we sat for hours on metal folding chairs in a dim, narrow corridor immersed in a squall of screaming tykes. Finally, a med student called us in, rubbed some alien nostrum on my daughter’s elbow, and said she would be all right.
She wasn’t. The next morning, her arm was swollen to her shoulder like a sausage, and her temperature registered somewhere between bake and broil, 105 degrees to be precise. We sped back to the hospital, the “Children’s Mercy” equivalent of our metro. By 8 a.m., they had her admitted and taken to a bed, unmade, amidst a sea of forlorn children in a vast, Dickensian ward with squeaky wooden floors and dingy windows unwashed since World War I.
The head doctor—or “grand patron” as he was known in this no-nonsense hierarchy (literally “big boss”)—had just finished his rounds. I was told he would see my daughter at 5 p.m. 5 p.m.! No way. I stopped the doctor at the door and asked in fractured French that he check her out now. He looked at me the way one might a pesky Jehovah’s Witness, frowned in disbelief, and just kept on walking. Welcome to the world of socialized medicine.
Politicos beware: Hell hath no fury like an American consumer scorned. In my own case, once snubbed by the grand patron, my latent sense of consumerism kicked in like an adrenalin surge. The Bruce Banner of American consumerism—I have never sent a meal back in my life—I was mutating into an Incredible consumer Hulk. I started pulling strings—the power lever in any socialized economy—and putting up a fuss the way only an American would or could.
A week earlier, we had met a British family in our neighborhood. The wife had told us that her sister, a doctor, would be visiting. I drove to their house and found them sitting in their bathrobes, sipping tea and eating those awful scones that only the British could love.
I asked the sister to come with me to the hospital. She told me that she couldn’t, that she did not have authorization. I apologized for being obnoxious and then turned into the Hulk right before here eyes. I explained that I was no longer asking. I was demanding. I wasn’t leaving the living room until she left with me.
American consumers can be intimidating. By 9 a.m., she was examining my daughter in a French hospital, the most severe breach of international protocol since the British destroyed the French fleet at the outset of World War II. By 10 a.m., I had the grand patron back—my boss at the university had intervened. By 10:30, my daughter was under general anesthetic, having her arm drained and disinfected.
She spent the next two days in the hospital. My wife and I took turns playing grand patron, all day long. The nurses were unused to this. French parents visited briefly and passively. They asked few questions and rarely, if ever, challenged the authority of the nurses. We were all over their cases. The care, excuse my French, really sucked. On the plus side, however, the food was great.
The World Health Organization rates France the world’s best health system. (We are 37th, right behind Costa Rica). The people that staff WHO come from cultures where consumers are serfs, not kings. Socialized health-care systems count on their fealty, their obeisance. We did not have it in us.
“Are all Americans like you?” one nurse asked at our departure, thrilled that we were leaving. “No,” I answered proudly, “Most are even worse.”
Who is Jack Cashill?
Receive political news, invitations to
political events and special offers.
<|endofexample|>
Rise of Sentient Machines? Robot Companions for Citizens
A discussion on the flagship project «Robot Companions for Citizens» 22 May, 2012, Berne
In the framework of a series of conferences organized by the Swiss Academies of Arts and Sciences on the European Commission’s Flagship Initiative, the Swiss Centre for Technology Assessment TA-SWISS will present the project «Robot companions for citizens». RoboCom aims to develop a new class of «gentle and sentient machines» designed to assist human society in facing challenges like population ageing and increasing urbanization.
RoboCom is a unique multidisciplinary science and engineering program looking to develop machines which integrate perception, emotion and action with a contextual awareness of self, others and the environment. It also poses a fundamental question: Can welfare in an ageing society be sustained without such machines?
We cordially invite scientists of all fields, decision makers, media representatives as well as the interested public to follow a presentation of the RoboCom flagship candidate by two of the leading scientists involved in the project as well as to reflect the proposed novel approach towards machines and how to deploy them in society from an ethical, legal and sociological point of view. The conference will be held in English.
<|endofexample|>
New subscription
Renew my subscription
Give a gift
Pay my bill
Change my address
CLUB CAT
By
Arnold Plotnick, DVM |
Posted: October 29, 2010, 3 a.m. EDT
Q: Can my 17-year-old cat with probable kidney failure really be treated? My vet said to bring her in, but I have been down this road with my other geriatric cat. Can’t I do something besides bring her in, most likely, to die in his office? Can the traditional practice of veterinary medicine provide palliative care in for this kind of situation to make it easier for my cat and me?
A: Chronic renal failure (CRF) commonly causes illness in cats, especially in older cats. While it may be difficult or impossible to improve kidney function in cats with chronic renal failure, you can delay the progression of renal failure, improve the cat’s quality of life and extend a cat’s survival time through a variety of diet and drug interventions. Bring your cat to the vet and at least do bloodwork, to assess the severity of the kidney disease to see if your cat requires hospitalization. Cats that are acutely ill with CRF require hospitalization, intravenous fluids and other supportive measures. I can’t tell from your letter how sick your cat is, so I cannot predict if your cat will respond to treatment. Hospitalization and intravenous fluids may improve the cat’s condition, but it does not return it to normal. If you cat’s condition improves and she is sent home, feed her a prescription diet designed for cats with CRF. It is proven that cats with CRF that eat these diets do better and live longer. If your cat has mild or moderate kidney failure, it may not need hospitalization, and may be managed at home. You can perform many treatments at home to make a cat with CRF more comfortable. For example, nausea is common in cats with CRF, contributing to the poor appetite and vomiting. Antacids like famotidine (Pepcid) have proven beneficial in some cats with CRF. Some cats with CRF will develop low levels of potassium in their blood. This can accelerate the progression of the CRF. Potassium supplements can correct this problem. Twenty percent of cats with CRF have high blood pressure. This, too, can accelerate the CRF as well as damage the eyes, heart and nervous system. Give cats with CRF and high blood pressure medication to control it. Some cats with CRF lose too much protein in their urine. These cats tend to have shorter survival times. Fortunately, you can correct this with proper medication.Cats with CRF tend to develop anemia over time. You can treat severe anemia with injections of a hormone that causes the bone marrow to release more red blood cells. As the kidneys continue to fail, the blood phosphorus level may begin to rise. Elevated phosphorus levels can be detrimental to the kidneys. For cats with high phosphorus levels, mix a phosphate binder into the food. These supplements bind the phosphorus in the food to prevent the cat from absorbing it. Encourage cats with CRF to drink as much water as possible. Do this by feeding canned food, adding water or broth to the food and using fountain-type water bowls. Give cats with inadequate water intake fluids subcutaneously (under the skin) at home. Although this sounds daunting, cat owners can quickly master this skill, once shown the proper technique. Many advances have been achieved regarding the treatment of chronic renal failure. Although CRF is not curable, cats can live for many years after diagnosis if treated appropriately.
See more articles by Arnold Plotnick, DVM>>
bunnie tampa, FL
5/16/2013 11:11:38 AM
My cat is going through this now and his decline was in the last few months. He has lost a lot of wieght and his breath is horrendous. I look at him and realize that my "heroic" measures are prolonging his existence, but he is not enjoying the activities he once did. He just kind of lays there, half awake, half asleep and I have to face the fact that quality of life matters more than just merely extending his days. He is no longer able to really enjoy the activities he used to, even the simple ones like sitting on the window sill. It is very hard to face the fact I am going to have to make a very difficult decision to put him out of his misery.
Alexis St. Louis, MO
3/10/2011 11:49:30 PM
I think that this is a hard spot for cat owners. You need to know when it's their time, but you also want to care for them and love them as long as possible. If you are unfortunate enough to be doing these sad things, I wish you all the luck in the world. I hope your cat declines comfortably and at a pace that you can keep up with. With many sympathies...
LD S, MA
11/11/2010 3:09:08 AM
DK
JEN NJ, MI
11/3/2010 3:47:28 AM
IJ.
<|endofexample|>
Monday
Earnhardt Jr., Patrick, Harvick headline fan hospitalityPress Release
Special guest appearances will be added throughout the weekend. They will be announced as they are confirmed. Also, be sure to check back to for the latest.
Michigan International Speedway 2012 Schedule
Friday, June 15 ARCA Racing Series RainEater Wiper Blades 200
Saturday, June 16 NASCAR Nationwide Series Alliance Truck Parts 250 and Gatorade Pole Day
Sunday, June 17 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Quicken Loans 400
Friday, Aug. 17 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Practice
Saturday, Aug. 18 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series VFW 200 and Gatorade Pole Day
Sunday, Aug. 19 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Pure Michigan 400
Tuesday, Sept. 11 Spirit of America Blood Drive
Source: Michigan International Speedway, Press Release
Article Tags: Dale Earnhardt Jr, Danica Patrick, Kevin Harvick, Michigan International Speedway, MIS, NASCAR
<|endofexample|>
Shop by Category
Concord Collection 6 Inch Dessert Plates Available in 4 Colors
$36.99
The Concord Collection plate is here at a great price. An extra heavy plastic designer plate at a fraction of the cost of others. This elegant plate is perfect for your every need. These plates are the same weight and quality as the more expensive ones. but at a low price. They are available in White, Clear, Beige or Black. Available in 4 sizes and bowls. This is the 6 inch size, perfect for cake more. Packed 150 to a case There are 10 packs of 15 to a case.
<|endofexample|>
Win £100 M&S vouchers
In order to improve your experience on our website we would like to ask you a few questions about your visit when you leave and in return we’ll enter you into a free prize draw to win £100 Marks & Spencer vouchers (only redeemable in the UK).
<|endofexample|>
Prior to last week’s passage of another $26 billion in bailout money for state and local governments, I noted that the legislation wasn’t really offset:
Congressional Democrats say the measure is paid for with a combination of spending cuts elsewhere and tax increases. However, the new spending is front loaded and much of the spending cuts wouldn’t be realized until after 2013. For example, the Congressional Budget Office’s score of the legislation shows savings from the food stamps program of $12 billion from 2014-2018. Congress can come back any time before that and rescind the cuts.
It’s typical Beltway budgetary sleight-of-hand: increase spending up front and “cut” spending on the back-end to get a more deficit-friendly score from the CBO. Democrats don’t really intend to see these cuts actualized, and have indicated as much. That hasn’t stopped media outlets from across the ideological spectrum from running sensationalist headlines.
A headline from CBS News says “Food Stamps Slashed to Pay for Teachers Job Bill.” A hysterical headline at the leftish Huffington Post reads “Cutting Food Stamps to Save Teacher Jobs: A Hateful Trade-off.” And a headline on the conservative Human Events website claims “Democrats Rob Food Stamps to Pay Teachers.”
Adding to the heat is legislation moving through Congress that would “cut” future food stamps spending to help pay for increased child nutrition programs. But as was the case with the bailout legislation, the only change that’s being proposed is to move forward the expiration date for the temporary food stamp expansion contained in the 2009 stimulus bill.
In addition to unnecessary hand-wringing over the future, the near past is all but being ignored. As the following chart shows, the cost of the food stamps programs has exploded over the decade thanks to the recession and benefit increases under presidents Bush and Obama:
The food stamps program needs to be cut. In fact, the entire federal welfare system needs to be devolved to the states, or preferably, private charity. That phantom cuts following a massive increase in food stamps spending would cause such angst indicates that those of us who believe the needy aren’t best served by Uncle Sam have our work cut out.
<|endofexample|>
Move to Defend: The Case against the Constitutional Amendments Seeking to Overturn Citizens United
- Research
Latest StudyThree years ago the U.S. Supreme Court decided the case of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. It found that Congress lacked...
- Events
Featured Event
May 17
The Implications of the Expanding U.S. Drone Program.
- Publications
Featured Publication
May/June 2013.
- Commentary
Latest Multimedia
Julian Sanchez discusses privacy in the U.S. following the AP scandal on Arise News’s Arise America
May 17, 2013
The Implications of the Expanding U.S. Drone Program
May 17, 2013
More Multimedia
Latest Commentary
Is the Government Spying on Reporters More often than We Think?There’s evidence that the Justice Department’s seizure of Associated Press phone records is far from unprecedented.
More Commentary
Latest Blog Post
IRS Abuses Past and Present
The IRS scandal shows the need for tax reform.
More Blog Posts
- Store
Featured Book
Poverty and Progress: Realities and Myths About Global PovertyRenowned development economist Deepak Lal draws on 50 years of experience around the globe to describe developing-country realities and rectify misguided notions about economic progress.
- Support.
<|endofexample|>
Life on Regal-Hill: Dec. 16,.
Allegra made Christmas cookies Saturday, the kind you cut out, decorate and then bake. I like this recipe because the dough doesn’t need to be chilled before rolling it out into all kinds of Christmas shapes. She picked gingerbread, fancy round and snowman shapes this time. That was enough, especially when it came to clean up, which is usually my job.
Allegra sprinkled green and red sprinkles on the cut-out cookies before baking them to make them look festive. It is easier and saves time. We like them better since they aren’t so rich so they have fewer calories and less of a sugar fix.
Today I mixed up the dough and filling for the pineapple-filled cookies and then will roll them out and bake them tomorrow. Hopefully, I can get Allegra to help me.
Other cookies and breads I plan to make include Parcel Post Bars (which are bar cookies that I put date in) and pumpkin bread. The bars are made every year.
There are more recipes for cookies for the holidays that I have collected that I hope to try. I am not sure whether it will get done this year or not. One is Lemon Dimples and I need a real lemon to make them, so I will have to wait until I get to town. I think I have all the ingredients I need for the other goodies I plan to make. Only time will tell what I actually get made before Christmas.
Homemade Marshmallows candies, chopped nuts, colored sugar and/or sprinkles. degrees (soft-ball stage).
Remove from the heat and gradually add to. Roll other marshmallows in the garnishes of your choice. Store in an airtight container in a cool dry place.
Yield: about 9-1/2 dozen
Taste of Home December/January 2010
Chocolate Peppermint Cookies.
Heat oven to 325 degrees. Butter two large baking sheets.
Place chocolate in microwave-safe bowl. Microwave for 1 minute, then stir until smooth. Let cool 5 minutes.
Beat butter and sugar in a large bowl until blended. Beat in cooled chocolate. Add eggs and beat until smooth. Stir in flour, salt and cocoa powder until a soft dough forms. Beat in mint extract.
Drop dough by tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheets. Bake at 325 degrees for 18 minutes or until dry on top. Transfer to wire rack to cool.
While cookies cool, combine white chocolate and oil in glass bowl. Microwave 30 seconds, stir; then microwave another 30 seconds. Stir until smooth. Spoon about 1 teaspoon white chocolate onto each cookie, then top each with 1/2 teaspoon of crushed candies. Let stand to harden for 30 minutes. Store airtight up to two weeks.
Makes: 2-1/2 dozen cookies
Family Circle Nov. 29 2009
<|endofexample|>
Speeches - 2001
At opening the money exhibition on December 23, 2001Link
At passing the Law on Central Bank in the Montenegrin Parliament on March 15, 2001Link
At opening the money exhibition on December 23, 2001
Dear President, authors of the exhibition, ladies and gentlemen.
It is my honor and pleasure, and a true opportunity on the occasion of transition to Euro as the official means of payment in Montenegro, to be able to review with you here in Biljarda the history of money in Montenegro.
Everything that you will be able to see tonight in Biljarda, represents the confirmation of historic facts of our right to decide on type of money and its use by ourselves led by interests of citizens and the state of Montenegro.
The money was coined in Montenegro since the second century before new era. First in Risan, then in Mojkovac i.e. Brskovo, Bar, Ulcinj and Svac but also in Kotor and Budva.
Foreign money was used in Montenegro in some historic periods – greek stater, different Roman, Byzantium and Venice money, Turkish aspra, arslanija, grosh, Russian rublja, Austrian fiorim.
This exhibition may convince us that we used to have also our money in Montenegro. Djuradj I Balsic coined his own money with emblem of wolf chest and shield, and so was the case with Balsa II (Skadar dinar), Djuradj II, Konstantin Balsic, Balsa III. There are 11 types of money that there are records of, but not many of them were preserved.
At the idea of a banker Carl Rotshield, Petar II Petrovic Njegos prepared for the production of Montenegrin Perun of which today we have an offprint in red wax.
Before the issue of Princedom money i.e. Kingdom of Montenegro, we had in circulation Austrian fiorim, and afterwards circulation of crown on the golden backing and the foreign currency exchange rate established by the Ministry of Finance.
Montenegro as the sovereign and internationally recognized state, first as princedom, and later as kingdom, issued its own money Perper meaning sophisticated in Greek language There was total of eight issues of metal, silver and golden coins and three issues of paper money.
Metal, golden and silver money was coined in Vienna, except one issue of silver money that was coined in Paris. The author was Ilija Sobajic, and the engraver Stefan Svarc. Paper money was printed in Prague, Cetinje and Paris.
Although Perper was supported with the Montenegrin state property and represented the responsibility of Kingdom of Montenegro that was transferred to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, it was devaluated because, opposite to the real situation, 2 Perpers were exchanged for one dinar.
After that we had common currency – dinar on three occasions, that either failed along with the Kingdom of Yugoslavia or devaluated in the highest hyperinflation in the world in 1993, i.e. abandoned as of the adoption of the Law on the Central Bank after devaluation of 1-33 i.e. 3300%.
In 1999 we were at the crossroads of choosing the crucial decision that was adopted at that time, and a year afterwards the decision was embodied into legislation. We observed these past experiences and had in mind the future of the citizens and the State of Montenegro and opted for the currency of the United Europe whose part we want to be, convinced that it will not be changed in this century.
I would like to thank you for being here tonight and I invite you to see the exhibition.
At passing the Law on Central Bank in the Montenegrin Parliament on March 15, 2001
Esteemed representatives, dear President,
Writing on banking problems, “Glas Crnogorca” dated October 14, 1884, says:” All these inconveniences would be easily resolved if a well designed money and credit institute is established in our country. That institute, to call it savings bank, National bank, credit union or whatever we like, would be the regulator of our money market, great assistant and benefactor of the entire national work, initiator of the spirit of savings and capitalization for our people and its savior in moments of money need”.
Far back in 1885, upon the establishment of the Code of the sovereign Danilo I, the rule number ninety was written, that reads: “ Any Montenegrin or Highlander who as of today wants to lend money in order to gain profit, has to make a book before two witnesses, to keep the record of the money lent for profit, and if the book is not made, than the recipient shall provide collateral that will not exceed 20 % of the received amount, and the one who earns more profit, shall be deprived of the principal he wanted to make profit upon and that principal shall be placed in the national treasury as any other fine”.
With the adoption of the General Property Code, foundation of banks and savings banks and issue of the nation’s own currency, Montenegrin monetary authority was established and banking system created.
Dear President, esteemed Representatives,
It has been a long time since then, and historic experience has taught us that Montenegrins felt economic and social progress and welfare measured by basic parameters of economic and social development, when they were able to take political and economic decisions independently and to negotiate on their own future directly with all relevant parties. That was the case when Montenegro was independent state and in the period after the World War II, when, for example, the Governor of the National Bank of Montenegro was equal member in the Council of Governors of NBY as the supreme authority in former Yugoslavia.
That was not the case in the period between the two world wars when the banking system at the time of the former Yugoslavia failed, and it was not the case at the time of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
At the beginning of this decade Montenegro transferred its monetary system authorities to the federal level, having as a consequence the following:
At the same time Montenegro was discriminated and directly damaged through performance of the Federal budget by tax measures, in the area of customs, foreign trade, insurance and the treatment of Montenegro as occupied area by the so called federal institutions.
As finals we have humiliating and still existing constitutional changes that place Montenegro down to the level of the smallest municipalities in Serbia, disabling an influence on (beside other things) monetary policy, rehabilitation of the banking system and, what is of extreme importance, regulation of relations with the international financial organizations.
The Government of Montenegro based upon its constitutional authorities, by decrees and decisions adopted at the end of the last year, undertook jurisdiction over the sphere of monetary and financial system. With the introduction of German mark as parallel currency, negative trends were stopped and quite obvious positive effects to the economy and the population created.
Dear Representatives, esteemed President,
The Law on the Central Bank represents basis for the reform of the financial system that will allow further progress in the process of privatization and rehabilitation of the Montenegrin economy and arrival of quality investors in Montenegro.
The Law on the Central Bank of Montenegro enables constitution of autonomous monetary system, based on DEM as monetary unit, means of payment and currency for reserves, until the introduction of EURO, creating conditions for the establishment of sound banking system, and along with the Law on Banks, it represents grounds for the reform of the entire financial structure of the Republic.
The adoption of this Law enables creation of assumptions for involvement into international financial institutions.
This Law governs establishment of the Central Bank as independent organization, responsible for monetary policy, establishment and maintenance of the sound banking system and efficient payment system in the Republic.
The Central Bank was empowered with authorities that prevail in banking systems of the market economy. Within those authorities the Central Bank shall: grant and withdraw licenses to banks in compliance with regulations; regulate and supervise their work; perform and supervise payment system with foreign countries; perform the activity of a banker, advisor and fiscal representative of the Republic bodies and organizations; perform regular macro-economic analysis; render banking services in favor of foreign governments, foreign Central Banks as well as in favor of international organizations and other international institutions in which the Central Bank or the Republic take part; take deposits from banks, state bodies and organizations, domestic and foreign banks, international financial institutions and donor organizations etc.
For the efficient performance of functions that the Central Bank is responsible for, it was given the authority to prepare and take part in the preparation of the relevant solutions in the sphere of monetary, foreign exchange and banking system that are in function of performance of its authorities.
Furthermore, the Central Bank was provided with the possibility to give recommendations to the Government on the occasion of creation of the Republic of Montenegro economic policy, thus achieving necessary cooperation between these two institutions in harmonization of monetary policy and other segments of the economic policy.
The Central Bank is managed by the Council whose most significant authorities relate to determination of politics in compliance with the Bank functions; adoption of regulations, recommendations and orders issued by the Central Bank; making decisions upon applications for licensing and withdrawing licenses to banks, financial institutions and payment system, establishment of general guidelines for the operation of the Central Bank etc.
With regard to authorities they are entitled to, the Council members may only be persons with well-known integrity, who will perform their duties in the Central Bank in such a manner as not to put their own personal interests or interests of parties related to them before the interest of the Central Bank and its clients.
In the course of operations, the Central Bank is authorized to grant loans out of its own funds to commercial banks for the maintenance of their daily liquidity purposes, under conditions prescribed by the law, but it is forbidden to grant such loans to the Government or other legal entities or private individuals. The Central Bank handles foreign exchange reserves, except those that commercial banks are in charge of, and performs supervision over implementation of regulations on foreign exchange operations.
The provisions of this Law indicate to the recognition of the need for payment system reconstruction, i.e. rationalization of the previous functions of the Institute for calculations and payments.
The supervisory function of the Central Bank shall provide for financial discipline by supervising not only legal aspect of licensed banks and financial institutions operations, but their credibility as well. If it comes across certain irregularities in operations of commercial banks, the Central Bank shall implement adequate measures including liquidation.
Due to a possibility of maintaining unrealistic book entry evidences by the banks, the Central Bank may by means of implementation of international accounting standards request the banks and financial institutions to provide information on their operations and financial position.
Though the Central Bank is independent and self-governing, it is anticipated that audit of statements, records and balances shall be performed by an internationally recognized independent auditing company, while the Inspector General shall be in charge of the control of operations on the level of the Central Bank.
Additional to the fact that the adoption of this and other laws shall enable the continuation of the reform process and development of institutional structure corresponding the market economy, it will also enable the establishment of prerequisites for integration processes with closest neighbors in the regional involvement into European and transatlantic structures.
<|endofexample|>
Workers sprayed with uranium dust at Cameco refinery
CBC News
Posted: Jul 12, 2012 3:41 PM CST
Last Updated: Jul 12, 2012 3:37 PM CST
.
It says Cameco has stopped opening containers of yellowcake from the Willow Creek facility until they can develop a plan to safely do so.
Uranium One is investigating how the drums became pressurized.
The Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission said it wants Cameco's confirmation that appropriate interim corrective measures are taken, including mandatory use of respirators by workers. It also said it wants permanent measures taken to prevent a recurrence.
Cameco says it has has run tests, including urinalysis, on all three workers and the results suggest none of them breathed in a significant amount of uranium. Decontamination procedures were taken immediately after the accident, the company said.
"Obviously, we open thousands of drums like this from around the world at Blind River, and we've never had an incident like this before," Cameco spokesman Gord Struthers said.
According to the U.S. federal regulator, any adverse health effects to the workers would likely be caused by chemical rather than radiological effects.
<|endofexample|>
The German Football Federation (DFB) president has sent an open letter to all 25,641 clubs in the country urging respect for referees after a volunteer linesman was beaten to death in the Netherlands.
Dutch police have arrested four players suspected of involvement in the fatal beating after a youth match.
DFB president Wolfgang Niersbach said the news of the beating was received "with horror and disbelief."
Niersbach said what happened in the Netherlands must not repeat itself anywhere in the world.
He said the commitment of referees in Germany "deserves the highest recognition and respect" and "our special protection."
Without them, there would be no regulated nationwide football, with its 1.6 million games annually, Niersbach said.
He said the DFB was determined to stand up for the referees.
<|endofexample|>
Biodiversity Champions
>
Biodiversity Champions
>
The Aichi Biodiversity Targets
The Aichi Biodiversity Targets
Content
The Hyderabad call for Biodiversity Champions
The Champions & their Pledges
The Aichi Biodiversity Targets
Related Information
Strategic Plan for Biodiversity 2011-2020
Aichi Targets Flyers
Aichi Targets Quick Guides
National Targets
Aichi Target Newsletters
A
Strategic Goal A
Address the underlying causes of biodiversity loss by mainstreaming biodiversity across government and society
Target 1
By 2020, at the latest, people are aware of the values of biodiversity and the steps they can take to conserve and use it sustainably.
View the Quick Guide for Target 1
Target 2
By 2020, at the latest, biodiversity values have been integrated into national and local development and poverty reduction strategies and planning processes and are being incorporated into national accounting, as appropriate, and reporting systems.
View the Quick Guide for Target 2.
View the Quick Guide for Target 3
Target 4
By 2020, at the latest, Governments, business and stakeholders at all levels have taken steps to achieve or have implemented plans for sustainable production and consumption and have kept the impacts of use of natural resources well within safe ecological limits.
View the Quick Guide for Target 4
B
Strategic Goal B
Reduce the direct pressures on biodiversity and promote sustainable use
Target 5
By 2020, the rate of loss of all natural habitats, including forests, is at least halved and where feasible brought close to zero, and degradation and fragmentation is significantly reduced.
View the Quick Guide for Target.
View the Quick Guide for Target 6
Target 7
By 2020 areas under agriculture, aquaculture and forestry are managed sustainably, ensuring conservation of biodiversity.
View the Quick Guide for Target 7
Target 8
By 2020, pollution, including from excess nutrients, has been brought to levels that are not detrimental to ecosystem function and biodiversity.
View the Quick Guide for Target 8
Target 9
By 2020, invasive alien species and pathways are identified and prioritized, priority species are controlled or eradicated, and measures are in place to manage pathways to prevent their introduction and establishment.
View the Quick Guide for Target 9
Target 10
By 2015, the multiple anthropogenic pressures on coral reefs, and other vulnerable ecosystems impacted by climate change or ocean acidification are minimized, so as to maintain their integrity and functioning.
View the Quick Guide for Target 10
C
Strategic Goal.
View the Quick Guide for Target 11
Target 12
By 2020 the extinction of known threatened species has been prevented and their conservation status, particularly of those most in decline, has been improved and sustained.
View the Quick Guide for Target 12.
View the Quick Guide for Target 13
D.
View the Quick Guide for Target 14
Target 15
By 2020, ecosystem resilience and the contribution of biodiversity to carbon stocks has been enhanced, through conservation and restoration, including restoration of at least 15 per cent of degraded ecosystems, thereby contributing to climate change mitigation and adaptation and to combating desertification.
View the Quick Guide for Target 15
Target 16
By 2015, the Nagoya Protocol on Access to Genetic Resources and the Fair and Equitable Sharing of Benefits Arising from their Utilization is in force and operational, consistent with national legislation.
View the Quick Guide for Target 16
E
Strategic Goal E
Enhance implementation through participatory planning, knowledge management and capacity building
Target 17
By 2015 each Party has developed, adopted as a policy instrument, and has commenced implementing an effective, participatory and updated national biodiversity strategy and action plan.
View the Quick Guide for Target 17.
View the Quick Guide for Target 18
Target 19
By 2020, knowledge, the science base and technologies relating to biodiversity, its values, functioning, status and trends, and the consequences of its loss, are improved, widely shared and transferred, and applied.
View the Quick Guide for Target.
View the Quick Guide for Target 20
Quick links
Decisions
Meetings
Notifications
News Headlines
Publications
CHM
BCH
[Column2]
Parties
Country Profiles
National Focal Points
Nationals Strategies (NBSAPs)
National Reports
Contributions
Cooperation & Partnerships
RSS
Twitter
YouTube
Feedback
Credits
© CBD Secretariat
Rate this page
<|endofexample|>
Forest biological diversity
The Conference of the Parties
1.
Welcomes the
progress made on the implementation of the expanded programme of
work on forest biological diversity as a significant contribution
to achieving the 2010 target and achieving sustainable forest
management at national, regional, and global levels;
2.
Urges the Executive Secretary to continue and further
strengthen its work in this field including the report on the
effects on forest biological diversity of insufficient forest law
enforcement as requested in paragraph 19 (e) of decision
VI/22;
3.
Invites the Coordinator and Head of the Secretariat of the
United Nations Forum on Forests, the Collaborative Partnership on
Forests members and other relevant partners and organizations as
specified in paragraph 19 (b) of decision VI/22, as well as
Parties and other Governments, to provide any further views on the
preliminary assessment undertaken by the Executive Secretary on the
relationship between the proposals for action of the Intergovermental Panel
on Forests/InterGovernmental Forum on Forests (IPF/IFF)
and the activities of the expanded programme of work on forest
biological diversity (UNEP/CBD/SBSTTA/9/INF/31), with the objective
of facilitating the implementation of related activities under
these two instruments, and avoiding duplication of effort and
noting that there has been work done by the Program on Forests
(PROFOR) and the World Bank to link the expanded programme of work
on forest biological diversity with the IPF/IFF proposals for
action;
4.
Takes note of the report of the first meeting of the Ad Hoc
Technical Expert Group on the Review of Implementation of the
Programme of Work on Forest Biological Diversity, held in
Montpellier, France, from 24 to 27 November 2003
(UNEP/CBD/COP/7/INF/20) and requests that the Executive
Secretary organizes another meeting of the Ad Hoc Technical Expert
Group prior to the eleventh meeting of the Subsidiary Body on
Scientific, Technical and Technological Advice;
5.
Recognizes that
the expanded programme of work on forest biological diversity
benefits from regional cooperation and initiatives and
encourages Parties and other Governments to take part in,
and further develop, cooperation at the regional level in their
efforts at implementing the activities contained in the work
programme;
6.
Recommends the
incorporation of relevant indicators and actors into the expanded
programme of work on forest biological diversity in order to assess
its effectiveness and degree of implementation;
7.
Requests the
Executive Secretary, in collaboration with the Ad Hoc Technical
Expert Group on the Review of Implementation of the Programme of
Work on Forest Biological Diversity to propose outcome-oriented
targets to be integrated into the work programme for consideration
by the Subsidiary Body on Scientific, Technical and Technological
Advice prior to the eighth meeting of the Conference of the
Parties, taking into account decision VII/30 on the future
evaluation of the Strategic Plan of the Convention as well as
regionally and internationally agreed criteria and indicators for
sustainable forest management through interGovernmental
processes. The targets should be viewed as a flexible
framework within which national and/or regional targets may be
developed, according to national priorities and capacities, and
taking into account differences in diversity between
countries;
8.
Recommends that the Executive Secretary continues
collaboration with other members of the Collaborative Partnership
on Forests in their efforts, inter alia, at harmonizing and
streamlining forest-related reporting;
9.
Invites Parties
and other Governments to enhance cross-sectoral integration and
inter-sectoral collaboration on the implementation of the expanded
programme of work on forest biological diversity at all levels, in
particular at national and subnational levels;
10.
Urges Parties and other
Governments, and international and regional groups further to
enhance their efforts in implementing the programme of work on
forest biological diversity as an essential contribution towards
advancing the 2010 target;
11.
Urges the
Executive Secretary to facilitate the full and effective
participation of indigenous and local communities and other
relevant stakeholders in implementing the expanded programme of
work on forest biological diversity by developing local capacities
and participatory mechanisms, including women, in assembling,
disseminating, and synthesizing information on relevant scientific
and traditional knowledge on forest biological
diversity.
<|endofexample|>
SleepySheep Pillow Packaging
Belly band package design for SleepySheep Bedding.
Published on:
2011
Packaging
- SleepySheep Pillow Packaging
Belly Band Packaging
- These pillows are packaged in a clear plastic bag. It was important that the pillow was the inviting to be touched, and that the packaging upholds the core brand values and support the appearance of simplicity, cleanliness, and nature.
-
- Website design featuring floating navigation slider. This design can best be experiences by visiting the site at Design, Web Design2011
-
<|endofexample|>
Pakistan Christians
Concerned About 'Big Government' Control?
Food Banks See Demand Rise as Economy Falls
Watch the Tuesday, August 17 edition of the CBN Newschannel's Midday program with Lorie Johnson and Mark Martin. Top Stories -- Federal Court Puts Brakes on CA Gay Marriages, Christian Band Go Fish ‘Kicks it Old.
<|endofexample|>
CBN partners and Operation Blessing are bringing help and hope to fellow Americans in Lebanon, TN. Watch their story.
Operation Blessing cleaned up Brenda Stafford's home after a tornado destroyed everything.
Hurricane Ike left it's mark on the Texas coast early Saturday morning.But first responders like Operation Blessing are working hard to bring relief.
Volunteers and officials from Operation Blessing help the flood victims of North Dakota..
<|endofexample|>
Kristi Watts, Dr. Eisenson & Dr. Binks demonstrate how to stock your kitchen with healthy soups and sandwiches. Plus more advice on checking out the freezer at your supermarket and fast-food healthy options.
That hectic schedule and burger combo may be doing more harm than good. Dr. Manny Alvarez shows you how to keep your family healthy.
He had Crohn's disease until he discovered a diet and exercise plan that healed his body.
Eyes bigger than your stomach? Learn how to control your portions and get slim before the holidays with Carrie Wiatt's tips and.
<|endofexample|>
2 results for 'christian broadcasting network headquarters'. Showing results 1 - 2
Covenant Communion Service at Christian Broadcasting Network Headquarters. Prayers by Pat Robertson, Kenneth Copeland and DeDe Robertson at the cross on our property. Reclaiming the Covenant started in 1607 on the 400th anniversary.
Dedication of the Cross and Reclaimation of this area for spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ at Christian Broadcasting Network headquarters in Virginia Beach.
<|endofexample|>
) lends his efforts in processing the evidence at the crime scene.
<|endofexample|>
<<
28th Annual Dwyer Awards underway
The 28th Annual Dwyer Awards happening tonight. We've spent the last few weeks highlighting the finalists who will be chosen. The awards get recognize the best in education in Palm Beach County. CBS 12's Liz Quirantes, the emcee of the awards show, joins us from the Kravis Center.
Tuesday, May 1 2012, 02:34 PM EDT
Dwyer Awards Stories
Teachers take center stage at 28th Annual Dwyer Awards
28th Annual William T. Dwyer Award winners
28th Annual Dwyer Awards underway
Dwyer Awards Finalist: Earle Wright
Dwyer Awards Finalist: Nathan Wellman
Dwyer Awards Finalist: Rita Jordan
Dwyer Award Finalist: Tammy Deleonardo
Dywer Award Finalist: Deborah Carter
Dwyer Award Finalist: Laura Zerbo
Dwyer Award Finalist: Rochelle Wolberg
Dwyer Award Finalist: Victoria Stedt
Dwyer Award Finalist: Kristen Taylor
Dwyer Award Finalist: Amanda Ries
Dwyer Award Finalist: Jeanne Baudat
Dwyer Award Finalist: Dorothy Schroader
Dwyer Award Finalist: Sarah Docekal
Dwyer Award Finalist: Lucas Basso
Dwyer Award Finalist: Stephen Anand
Dwyer Award Finalist: Brian Schum
Dwyer Award Finalist: Phillip Mancusi
Dwyer Award Finalist: Mary Anne Hedrick
Dwyer Award Finalist: Delia Velez
Dwyer Award Finalist: Jennifer Oliver
Dwyer Award Finalist: Barbara Close
Dwyer Award Finalist: Carolyn Tarter
Dwyer Award Finalist: Cynthia Kanai
Dwyer Award Finalist: Nicole Crane
Dwyer Award Finalist: Lindy Carlisle
>
<|endofexample|>
The Bahamas (that's with a capital "The") is one of the most geographically complicated nations of the Atlantic. It's a coral-based archipelago comprising more than 700 islands -- hundreds more if you count the rocky outcroppings that have damaged the hulls of countless ships since colonial days.
Made of more than 100,000 square miles of dry and sometimes barren land, the archipelago comprises The Bahama islands and also, in the south, the Turks and Caicos Islands, which maintain a separate government. Most of the population is centered on New Providence Island (Nassau/Cable Beach) and Grand Bahama Island (Freeport/Lucaya). Paradise Island, the most heavily developed tourist complex, lies directly off Nassau and is reached by a causeway.
The 760-mile-long chain of islands, cays, and reefs that make up The Bahamas stretches from Grand Bahama Island, whose western point is 75 miles almost due east of Palm Beach, Florida, to Great Inagua, southernmost of The Bahamas, which lies about 60 miles northeast of Cuba and less than 100 miles north of Haiti. Cay (pronounced "key") is the Spanish word for small island.
Sandy beaches, fishing (some of the best in the world), boating, nearly perfect weather (even though the islands are in the often stormy Atlantic Ocean), and accessibility to the U.S. mainland put this archipelago on the world tourist map. The Bahamas lies right off the Florida coast. One 20- to 30-minute plane ride can free you from Miami's congestion as you land on Bimini.
The Bahamas is ideal for both quick 4- or 5-day jaunts and longer vacations, if you'd really like to island-hop and see as much as you can.
In the 1940s, when the Duke and Duchess of Windsor ruled The Bahamas (after he'd renounced the British throne), the islands were considered exclusive. Beginning in the 1960s, that reputation changed. Today the islands lure people from all walks of life, whether they want a $500-a-day luxury resort or prefer to rough it for $50-a-day on one of the little-visited Out Islands..
CBS19, MYTX & KCEB
2211 ESE Loop 323
Tyler, TX 75701
Phone (903) 581-2211
<|endofexample|>
:
Financial Analysis of the Communications Industry
The study analyses the financial status of the markets in the communications industry during the period FY 2007 to FY 2013. The markets covered include alternative carriers, integrated telecommunication services, communications equipment and wireless telecommunication services. The profitability ratios, activity ratios, liquidity ratios and solvency ratios for each of the above markets have been analysed and ratios such as gross margin, net income margin, return on assets, asset turnover, current ratio, cash ratio and cashflows to debt ratios have been analysed and their trends in each of the market have been presented.
Key Trends
Profitability Ratios
There has been a marginal increase in the Gross margin in this market from 2008 to 2012 accompanied with a similar growth in the net income margin as well due to a growth in sales.
Activity Ratios
The activity ratios have improved for the market with the total asset turnover and fixed asset turnover remaining stable for most of the study period for the Alternative carriers market. Additionally, the increase in the accounts receivable turnover is a positive sign implying lower accrual based sales.
Liquidity Ratios
The liquidity position for this market has followed a cyclical pattern during the course of the study period due to changes in liquid cash holdings. This has impacted the quick ratio and cash ratio. Additionally, the cash conversion cycle has declined for this market.
Solvency Ratios
The solvency position for the alternative carriers market has improved over the course of the study period. The market has reduced its leverage and consequently increased the interest coverage ratios.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Executive Summary 3
Definition of Key Terms 6
Research Objective and Scope 8
Research Methodology 11
Alternative Carriers 14
Communications Equipment 20
Integrated Telecommunication Services 26
Wireless Telecommunication Services 32
Conclusion 38
The Frost & Sullivan Story 41
To order this report:
Financial Analysis of the Communications Industry
Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com
US:(339) 368 6001
Intl:+1 339 368 6001
<|endofexample|>
Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Joakim Noah registered his third-career triple- double with 23 points, 21 rebounds and 11 blocked shots to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 93-82 win over the reeling Philadelphia 76ers at United Center.
"(Noah) is an energy and effort player, so when he plays like that, and you get an effort like that it unites and inspires your team," Bulls head coach Tom Thibodeau. "It makes other guys do the same."
Carlos Boozer added 21 points and 12 boards, while Luol Deng finished with 12 points, eight rebounds and four assists for the Bulls, who had dropped their last three games at home entering the contest.
Deng took an elbow to the face from Philadelphia forward Spencer Hawes in the closing seconds of the game. He remained on the court for several minutes before heading to the locker room.
Jrue Holiday scored 22 points on 10-of-18 shooting from the floor and Hawes added 20 points and 15 rebounds for the Sixers, who have dropped a season-high seven straight.
"It is rough not being able to win. We just have to keep trying to find answers, play hard and give ourselves the opportunity to play win every night," Sixers forward Evan Turner said.
The game was tied 12-12 with 6:26 left in the first quarter, but the Bulls scored five straight to go up 17-12 nearly two minutes later. Holiday's jumper sparked an 8-2 run to give Philadelphia a 20-19 lead, but the Bulls managed to take a 23-22 edge into the second.
Chicago opened the second frame with a 9-4 flurry to go up 32-26 at the 8:51 mark, but the Sixers responded with a 10-4 burst to knot things up at 36-36. The Bulls, though, closed the half with a 9-3 swing to take a 45-39 lead into the break.
Noah had 10 points, eight rebounds and five blocked shots by halftime.
"Noah was spectacular, he was the difference in the game," Sixers head coach Doug Collins said.
The Bulls stayed hot through the third period, stretching their lead to 16 points, 64-48, following Kirk Hinrich's 3-ball at the 3:46 mark. Holiday's jumper moments later ignited 12-4 run to cut Philadelphia's deficit to 68-62 entering the final frame.
Philadelphia managed to shave the lead to 75-71 near the middle of the forth quarter, but the Bulls quickly countered with an 8-0 burst to push the spread back to 12 points.
The Sixers couldn't get closer than seven the rest of the way.
<|endofexample|>
How 2 teens survived deadly Ohio SUV crash; owner says car stolen
WARREN, Ohio Two teens who escaped a crash that killed six friends in a swampy pond wriggled out of the wreckage by smashing a rear window and swimming away from the SUV, a state trooper said Monday.
Teen car crash: Speeding may have been factor, investigators say
Car crash kills six teenagers in Ohio
The inside of the sport utility vehicle was entirely under water within minutes of the crash, said State Highway Patrol Lt. Brian Holt.
The owner of the SUV says the vehicle had been stolen. The State Highway Patrol says the sport utility vehicle's owner met with police Monday and filed a theft report, saying it was stolen in the city..
- Speeding a factor in Ohio crash that killed six teens, police say
- Police name six teens killed in Ohio SUV crash
I needed a ride and she picked me up in a brand new car.
Dear god, I have no idea how she got that license! I never rode with her again either!
A couple of weeks later she totalled it on an off-ramp!
Mom & Dad Got her a brand new car!
As a society, we have to stop placing blame on everyone else except the people responsible for their actions. Regardless of WHY these teenagers chose to drive a STOLEN CAR, were out way PAST CURFEW, and were SPEEDING, THEY made the choices to act in such a way. These were not "kids"--they were teenagers and several were adults. All of these young people absolutely knew right from wrong. Having good parents, bad parents, or no parents at all does not excuse the choices they made. Everyone has a story in life--some better than others.
While it is horribly sad that the accident occurred, this was not some random tragedy that happened when people were doing the right thing. I am incredibly grateful that they didn't manage to hit and injure/kill anyone else driving on the roads that night. That is a true blessing!
It amazes me that people assume we should overlook the accountability piece of both the parents and the teeneagers/adults who made these poor choices. The majority of comments on here are sympathetic simply because these people ended up dead. If these same people--"kids" or not--had robbed and killed; committed a drive by shooting and killed; or "gang-banged" a bunch of innocent people, everyone's attitude about them would be entirely different. No one would be making excuses for them, their age, or their actions, as people are doing now.
The sooner we teach our young people that their actions ALWAYS have consequences, the sooner we will see them more successful and safe. As a teacher of students with severe behavioral difficulties, this is a lesson I strive to teach my students every single day. Yes, some parents need to be better parents, but young people need to own their mistakes and accept accountability. By simply playing this off as a tragedy without having an honest discussion of WHY this happened and HOW it could/should have been avoided, we perpetuate the idea of invincibility and the "it isn't my fault" attitude so many young people have.
Tragedies like this are even more senseless and made so much more worse because of the number of young people who die each year from things they have no control over--drunk drivers, cancer, etc. Most of those kids placed a premium on life and would have gladly traded for the chance to make good decisions in a healthy body. It's disturbing to see others throw away their chance at life simply to have some "fun"--illegally.
Let's feel sorrow for the families and sadness over the loss of young lives, but let's also talk honestly about the poor choices made and how younger folks can avoid these types of endings in the future. That's not being cold or judgmental--it's being honest and hoping for prevention in the future.
The parents are partly to blame. What the hell is anyone who was under the age of 18 doing out without the parents knowing where they are?
<|endofexample|>
First space tourist plans to make trip to Mars in 2018
Mars, the red planet, as seen from space / NASA."
You read correct, folks -- this first manned mission to Mars looks to launch in less than five years from now. That seems to be a fairly audacious goal considering it took Elon Musk and SpaceX a decade to get to the International Space Station and NASA wasn't able to get to the moon in less than five years, despite the fact that more than 4 percent of the total federal budget was going to the agency in the mid-1960s.
But you've gotta love a dreamer, especially one with such cool dreams. Tito and his organization envision no less than inspiring a new American Renaissance in science:.
Tito, a wealthy engineer and entrepreneur, spent $20 million for his ride to space in a Russian rocket back in 2001. No word on how much his jaunt to the red planet will cost just yet, but a press conference is planned for February 27 where the details will be revealed.
Also on hand for the press event will be two members of the controversial Biosphere 2 project who are now with Paragon Space Development Corporation, a company that builds life support and environmental control systems for extreme environments like space. Presumably they'll be devising a craft that will keep Tito nice and comfy on his very long flight.
That's an especially good thing considering Tito will be in his late seventies by the time the mission is scheduled to launch.
Good luck Dennis.
closer and less expensive....and he could probably pull a landing and return flight........still think nasa should set up a telescope on the dark side of the moon...look for asteroids, planets etc......
<|endofexample|>
Newtown residents react to the NRA's response to school shooting
December 22, 2012 4:59 AM
The National Rifle Association held a press conference on Friday, to speak for the first time since the deadly tragedy at Sandy Hook elementary school. As they continue to mourn those killed in the shooting, Newtown residents react to the NRA's call for armed security guards in all schools.
<|endofexample|>
"The Gringo: A Memoir" by J. Grigsby Crawford
January 17, 2013 11:19 AM
Jeff Glor talks to J. Grigsby Crawford about "The Gringo: A Memoir." Crawford joined the U.S. Peace Corps after graduating from George Washington University in 2008 and spent nearly two and a half years in Ecuador. The book recounts his journey full of of danger, drugs, sex and alarming illness, as well as his take on the Peace Corps' place in the 21st century.
<|endofexample|>
Noles lose star DE Jenkins for the season
Florida State defensive end Brandon Jenkins, a two-time All-ACC selection, will miss the rest of the 2012 season due to a left foot injury, a source told CBS Monday night.
Jenkins is believed to have suffered a Lisfranc injury between the second and third metatarsal bones of his foot, a second source told CBSSports.com senior writer Dennis Dodd. Two or three screws will be inserted to the foot to promote healing...
<|endofexample|>
Zack Greinke dominates Cardinals, sets tone for big season
Brewers starting pitcher Zack Greinke just went out and utterly handcuffed the defending World Series champions. He was so masterful throughout that pretty much no negative could be drawn from the magnificent outing. Greinke worked seven innings, allowing only three baserunners (all singles) while striking out seven. This was against the exact same Cardinals lineup that knocked Brewers ace Yovani Gallardo around the yard one day earlier.
Harbinger of things to come? It very well could be.
Advanced metric indicators show Greinke was pretty unlucky last season in terms of ERA. The batting average on balls in play against him was .318, with the league average usually hovering around .300. Greinke's FIP -- Fielding Independent Pitching, which attempts to better measure ERA by removing things the pitcher cannot control from the equation -- was 2.98 while his ERA was 3.83. That kind of vast separation nearly always indicates a course correction is forthcoming.
There's also the comfort factor. Greinke didn't even make a start until May 4 last season, as he recovered from an offseason pickup basketball injury. It was his first season in Milwaukee after being acquired in a blockbuster trade. So it was a bit of a rough beginning, even though Greinke still went 16-6 with a 3.83 ERA and an MLB-best K-rate (10.5 K/9). He's capable of better, too. Don't forget that Greinke was the most dominant pitcher in baseball in 2009 (2.16 ERA, 1.07 WHIP and 242 strikeouts in 229 1/3 inning), winning the AL Cy Young.
Yes, it's only one game and he'll have over 30 more starts (if he stays healthy, obviously), but there's a reason I picked him to win the NL Cy Young, and it wasn't simply a hunch. Keep your eye on Greinke. He's in for a huge season.
For more baseball news, rumors and analysis, follow @EyeOnBaseball on Twitter, subscribe to the RSS feed and "like" us on Facebook.
<|endofexample|>
The CCBE identity card was created in 1978. The CCBE produces the card, but does not issue it to the individual lawyer. The card is delivered to the national bar or to the national, regional or local professional authority, according to the conditions fixed in each country, which then issues it to lawyers registered with it, according to requests received by it.
Although the CCBE produces the cards, the national bar or law society is the issuing authority in the CCBE’s name. The national bar or law society should ensure that proper verification procedures have been followed to establish that the applicant is a lawyer currently authorised and registered with it.
The card facilitates access to courts and institutions for lawyers active outside their home jurisdiction. It identifies the card holder in the official languages of the CCBE, as an admitted lawyer in the country concerned.
The card is also recognised by the European Court of Justice and Court of First Instance.
There are two versions of the CCBE identity card.
The paper CCBE identity card:
The plastic CCBE identity card:
Recto
Verso
There is a second version of the identity card. This version is plastic and is the same size as a credit card. Although designed by the CCBE, this card is produced by the national bars under a licensing agreement between the CCBE and the national bar. The plastic version contains much of the same information as the paper version. There is also an optional provision for a chip and a magnetic strip. The numbering sequence of the card must begin with a prefix obtained from the CCBE Secretariat. The plastic version of the card contains three languages – English, French and the language of the issuing bar.
<|endofexample|>
Excelsior! Today's the official kickoff of Ben Tanzer and Laura Szumowski's virtual tours for their CCLaP illustrated story collaboration from last Christmas, The New York Stories! Or actually, the tour technically kicked off last Friday with an early appearance at the blog Mourning Goats, which is why today I have both that link to share with you and the tour stop that went up this morning, over at the blog of our buddy Caleb J. Ross. For those who don't remember, this book was a special paper compilation we put together of two of Ben's older electronic books for the center, 2008's Repetition Patterns and 2011's So Different Now; and with both of them story collections set in the same dark, crumbling, upstate New York town, I always thought it would be nice to eventually have a special compilation of all these stories put together in one volume, so last fall commissioned local visual artist Laura Szumowski to create thirty brand-new illustrations to go with them, including six in full color that were inserted into the manuscript via vellum sheets, and with the book itself including such luxury touches as (faux) suede covers, decorative endpapers, oversized dimensions, cotton pages and external Coptic stitching. Now it's six months later, and I thought I'd get both Ben and Laura out on the virtual highway for about a month altogether to talk in detail about the book, as well as the process of working together for the first time. Ben's tour is coming first, and will consist of the following stops -- if you're coming here in the future, any stop listed below with an active link is now online...
Friday, 6/15: Mourning Goats
Monday, 6/18: Caleb J. Ross
Tuesday, 6/19: Ryan Bradley
Wednesday, 6/20: Pete Anderson
Thursday, 6/21: Baby Got Books
Monday, 6/25: Mel Bosworth
Tuesday, 6/26: Patricia Ann McNair
Wednesday, 6/27: Curbside Splendor
Thursday, 6/28: Cort Bledsoe
Friday, 6/29: Another Chicago Magazine (with Laura)
Monday, 7/2: The Next Best Book Blog (with Laura)
Tuesday, 7/3: Dead End Follies
Wednesday, 7/4: WordPlaySound
Thursday, 7/5: Artifice Magazine (with Laura)
And then Laura's tour kicks off on June 29th, with a special double-interview that she and Ben are doing for Another Chicago Magazine, then lasting for a full two weeks after that (or until Friday, July 13th);
but we're still working out the final details on that, so her line-up won't be getting announced until next week. UPDATE: Laura's tour detailed below...
Friday, 6/29: Another Chicago Magazine (with Ben)
Monday, 7/2: The Next Best Book Blog (with Ben)
Tuesday, 7/3: Baby Got Books
Wednesday, 7/4: Caleb J. Ross
Thursday, 7/5: Artifice Magazine (with Ben)
Friday, 7/6: Mark R. Brand
Monday, 7/9: Untoward Magazine
Wednesday, 7/11: Big Other
Thursday, 7/12: David David Katzman
Oh, and I have two very big pieces of news to announce about this book as well, to coincide with this virtual tour: not only is the price of the deluxe paper edition being permanently dropped from US$75 to $50, an entire third off, but for the first time we are now offering a completely free electronic PDF version of this illustrated edition as well! I had been holding off on this to help drive paper sales, with the actual contents of the book still available electronically through the So Different Now and Repetition Patterns pages; but this new PDF now has all the stories put together like the paper edition, complete with Laura's thirty illustrations (including digital reproductions of vellum sheets for the color ones), the entire thing laid out in exactly the same cutting-edge way as the paper edition only now reformatted for easy printout on a home laserprinter (8.5 x 11 for Americans, A4 for Europeans). And even better, I'm not making people go through the rigamarole of a "pay what you want" process this time, but just offering the direct download links right on the main New York Stories page, so I hope you'll have a chance to stop by and download the illustrated PDF yourself soon. Anyway, I encourage you to become a "virtual groupie" for this tour and to follow along from blog to blog each day -- I'll be posting links here each day, so always come back here for the latest -- and I hope you're looking as forward as I am to learning more about the process between Ben and Laura that went into making this gorgeous and highly entertaining book.
<|endofexample|>
Come join us on the web...
or search by
Order By Rank
Order By Popularity
Order By Posted Date
Order By Title
10 Items Per Page
20 Items Per Page
40 Items Per Page
60 Items Per Page
80 Items Per Page
100 Items Per Page
Results 1 - 29 of 29
CamdenClark
Detect Lung Cancer Early
Detect Lung Cancer Early Detect Lung Cancer early with low dose CT Lung Screening. Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer related death in the United States. Early detection is a proven, successful strategy for fighting many forms of cancer. That is why Camden Clark Medical Center is proud to offer Lung Cancer Screening with low-dose computed tomography (CT) for people at high risk for lung cancer at our Cancer Center. Patients can be referred by their physic...
CamdenClark
CCMC Employee Yard Sale!
CCMC Employee Yard Sale! Don't miss the Camden Clark Medical Center Employee Yard Sale on Saturday May 4th from 8:00 am till 1:00 pm at the Medical Office Building - B parking lot near the railroad tracks off of Garfield Avenue. More than 30 employee families are participating in the event. Any Questions call Sherri Wheeler at (304) 424-2292. *In case of inclement weather, our yard sale will be cancelled.
CamdenClark
Blue and Green Day!
Blue and Green Day!
CamdenClark
Cancer Support Awareness
Cancer Support Awareness Camden Clark Medical Center has long been a leader in the fight against Cancer. On Thursday, March 14th at 7pm, Camden Clark will sponsor a live forum on Cancer Support Awareness. We will be discussing programs by the American Cancer Society; hear from a Cancer Survivor; discover what Camden Clark employees are doing to help with the fight and learn about cancer screenings and why they are important. So, please tune in on Thursday, March 14th at 7pm on WTAP. Gu...
CamdenClark
Camden Clark Auxiliary Offering Scholarships
Camden Clark Auxiliary Offering Scholarships The Auxiliary is sponsoring $2,500 Leo D. Carsner Memorial Scholarships to area students obtaining a degree in the health care field. To be eligible, students must live in the area served by Camden Clark Medical Center, which includes 11 counties in West Virginia and Ohio; and must have completed one year of college at an accredited school or be in the final weeks of their first year. Applications are available in Volunteer Services Department (3 ...
CamdenClark
Camden Clark Auxiliary Offering Scholarships
Camden Clark Auxiliary Offering Scholarships The Auxiliary of Camden Clark Medical Center is sponsoring Leo D. Carsner Memorial Scholarships to area students obtaining a degree in the health care field. Applications are available in Volunteer Services Department (304-424-2847) located on the third floor of the hospital, at the information desk in the main lobby of the hospital, and online at. All applications, including transcripts, must be completed and returned by March 2...
CamdenClark
Go Red For Women's Health
Go Red For Women's Health Click image below for more Information
CamdenClark
Camden Clark Flu Prevention
Flu Prevention
CamdenClark
Program Active
Program Active
CamdenClark
The Camden Clark Regional Wound Care Center Adds Fourth Hyperbaric Oxygen Chamber.
The Camden Clark Regional Wound Care Center Adds Fourth Hyperbaric Oxygen Chamber. The Camden Clark Regional Wound Care Center celebrates its 5th year anniversary by adding a fourth Hyperbaric Oxygen Chamber on Tuesday, November 13. “We are fortunate to have the opportunity to add a fourth hyperbaric oxygen chamber to our Regional Wound Care Center,” said Dr. Steven Richards, Medical Director of the Center. “We are caring for more patients than ever before, and this center has been a...
CamdenClark
Vascular Screening
A Simple test can save your life!
CamdenClark
Trust Your Heart to Camden Clark
Trust Your Heart to Camden Clark
CamdenClark
Medical Records Department Moved to Memorial Campus
Medical Records Department Moved to Memorial Campus The Medical Records Department located at the St. Joseph’s Campus of Camden Clark Medical Center will be consolidated to the Memorial Campus on Dec. 1, 2012. After that time, patients who wish to obtain their medical records must do so at the Memorial Campus Medical Records Department, which is located on the 3rd floor of the administrative building. Questions regarding this change may be directed to the Health Information Managem...
CamdenClark
Camden Clark Nursing Excellence
Camden Clark recognized for Nursing Excellence Camden Clark Medical Center Nursing staff has been recognized for excellence in nursing by receiving eleven out of the total fifty 2012 WV Top 50 Nurse Excellence Awards, awarded by the WV Center for Nursing Excellence. Each year, the West Virginia Center for Nursing selects only 50 nurses from around the state to receive this prestigious recognition in the areas of nursing leadership, clinical practice, nursing education and specialty nursing. The awards w...
CamdenClark
Warriors in Pink
2012 “Warriors In Pink” Quilt To Be Presented To Camden Clark Medical Center Quilt recognizes the Fight Against Breast Cancer during Breast Cancer Awareness Month The Neighborhood Ford Store and West Virginia Komen for the Cure will unveil a 2012 “Warriors in Pink” quilt to be hung on permanent display at Camden Clark Medical Center. The quilt will provide hope to those battling the disease and serve as a reminder of the fight to defeat it. Every square of the hand-stitched quilt represen...
CamdenClark
National Rehabilitation Awareness
National Rehabilitation Awareness ...
CamdenClark
Camden Clark to participate in drug collection effort
Camden Clark to participate in drug collection effort On September 29 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. the Wood County Sheriff’s Department and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) will give the public another opportunity to prevent pill abuse and theft by ridding their homes of potentially dangerous expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs. Camden Clark Medical Center will once again serve as a drop off location. Those wanting to dispose of drugs/medications can do so conveni...
CamdenClark
Camden Clark names Leadership Academy in honor of former board member Larry Mallory
Camden Clark Medical Center held a dedication ceremony on Aug. 23 to officially name the hospital’s Leadership Academy in honor of Laurence B. Mallory, a member of the Camden Clark Medical Center Board of Directors from 1989 to the time of his death earlier this year. Laurence B. Mallory, also known as Larry Mallory, devoted his personal time and energy to help others achieve their quest for leadership excellence. He spent many years supporting and recognizing the most important reso...
CamdenClark
Rotary Blood Screening
CamdenClark
Camden Clark Nutrition Services Recognized for Food Safety
Camden Clark nutrition services recognized for food safety The Food and Nutrition Services Department of Camden Clark Medical Center was recently recognized by Sodexo for achieving a double “Gold100” score on their recent NSF Food Safety and Occupational Health and Safety audits. Any Sodexo foodservice account that achieves a 100% rating on their food safety and occupational health and safety audits are entered into a $1,000 raffle. Each month a drawing is held to determine what account wil...
CamdenClark
National Stroke Awareness Month
Know the Warning Signs
CamdenClark
Explaining Stroke 101 - Slide Show
A comprehensive education about stroke.
CamdenClark
May Fair Health Expo
May Fair Health Expo 2012
CamdenClark
National Donate Life Month 2012
You Have the Power to Donate Life. Register as an Organ, Eye and Tissue Donor Today. Click below for more information...
CamdenClark
Camden Clark Medical Center Earns Quality Respiratory Care Recognition C...
CamdenClark
What the WVUHS affiliation means to you
The. READ MORE
CamdenClark
Orthopedics program earns national recognition. Blue Distinction® is a national designation awarded by Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies to medical facilities that have demonstrated expertise in delivering quality healthcare in the areas o...
CamdenClark
Camden-Clark Memorial Hospital and St. Joseph’s Hospital to join the statewide West Virginia United Health System (WVUHS). st...
CamdenClark
Lifetime Partners introduces breakthrough medical alert service
Camden-Clark’s Lifetime Partners program labor...
Family-centered care is the philosophy behind our maternal and pediatric services.
About The Consolidation
A Message from your Camden Clark Medical Center to the People of our Community.
Online Bill Pay
Schedule a Test Online
Family Fitness Center
Web Nursery
Residency
Enlight Training
Patient Scorecard
|
|
Newsroom
|
Directions
|
|
<|endofexample|>
foods are common sources of C. perfringens infections. C. perfringens infection often occurs when foods are prepared in large quantities and kept warm for a long time before serving. Outbreaks often happen in institutions, such as hospitals, school cafeterias, prisons, and nursing homes, or at events with catered food. beef, poultry, gravies, and other foods commonly associated with C. perfringens infections should be cooked thoroughly to recommended temperatures, and then kept at a temperature that is either warmer than 140°F (60°C) or cooler than 41°F (5°C). These temperatures prevent the growth of C. perfringens spores that might have survived the initial cooking process.
Meat dishes should be served hot, right after cooking. Leftover foods should be refrigerated at 40°F or below as soon as possible and within 2 hours of preparation. It is okay to put hot foods directly into the refrigerator. Large pots of food, such as soups or stews, or large cuts of meats, such as roasts or whole poultry, should be divided into small quantities for refrigeration. Leftovers should be reheated to at least 165°F (74°C) before serving.
Foods that have dangerous bacteria in them may not taste, smell, or look different. Any food that has been left out too long may be dangerous to eat, even if it looks okay.
<|endofexample|>
Free Yourself from Smoking on November 15 not join others around the country and free yourself from smoking—starting today?
What Health and Economic Issues Are Associated With Smoking?
Smoking is the single largest preventable cause of disease, disability, and premature death in the United States. The numbers are sobering:
-.
Despite these facts, 43.8 million Americans still smoke. For anyone who has an addiction to tobacco, you know how daunting the task of quitting may seem. But did you know that quitting at any time has benefits, no matter how long you’ve smoked? Why not join thousands of soon-to-be former smokers and quit on November 15—the date of the Great American Smokeout!
When Will You See Improvements to Your Health?
If you quit smoking now, the benefits will.
It can take longer for other important benefits to occur:
-.
If you are a woman,. It also helps protect others from exposure to secondhand smoke. Other Former Smokers
Hearing from other people who have successfully stopped smoking may help you take that first step toward quitting. Take a look at this video from CDC’s campaign, Tips From Former Smokers, which shows how three former smokers—Beatrice, Wilma, and James—quit smoking:.
Watch more videos from former smokers at.-800-QUIT-NOW (1-800-784-8669).
<|endofexample|>
On May 19, 2000, a physician in southern Alabama reported seven cases of
varicella to the Alabama Department of Public Health (ADPH). All the cases were in
previously healthy young adults living in an apartment complex in town A and working in a
poultry processing plant in nearby town B. On May 24, ADPH invited CDC to assist in
outbreak investigation and control. This report summarizes the investigation.
Investigators identified 18 varicella cases among persons with illness onset
during April 1--June 22; 14 patients resided in the same apartment complex (Figure 1). Of the
18 cases, 17 were confirmed* and one was probable. Two patients developed severe
complications (pneumonia and ataxia with postviral sensory neuritis) and were
hospitalized. All the patients were born in Mexico. The median age was 22 years (range: 18--28
years), and 17 were men.
On May 31, ADPH initiated control measures at the apartment complex and
poultry processing plant. To increase community awareness, ADPH distributed flyers in
English and Spanish and gave press releases to the local news media. In the apartment
complex, ADPH vaccinated susceptible persons on the basis of disease history and
performed serology to identify those who would need a second dose of vaccine. At the plant,
ADPH offered serologic testing to all workers and vaccinated persons with a negative
varicella IgG.
On June 22, a second cluster of seven varicella cases was identified among
adults born in Mexico who worked at a sawmill in another Alabama county. The two
outbreaks could not be linked.
Varicella outbreaks among adults are less common than among children. Because
the potential for serious disease is higher in adults, state and local health
departments should be alert to these outbreaks. In addition, the susceptibility among adults
from certain regions in Mexico is higher than in U.S.-born adults
(2). Outbreaks associated with severe complications or among adults and adolescents should be investigated
and controlled (1). During varicella outbreaks, infected patients should be isolated at
home; varicella vaccine is recommended for exposed persons
(3). Depending on urgency, vaccination can be offered on the basis of a negative or uncertain disease history and/or
a negative serologic test. Because most adults with a negative or uncertain varicella
history are immune to varicella when tested, serologic testing may decrease the number
of vaccine doses needed for outbreak control
(4).
Virus isolation from vesicular fluid, a swab from the base of a skin lesion, or
from saliva can assist in confirming an outbreak. Exposed persons who are at high risk
for severe disease, including susceptible pregnant women, should receive varicella
zoster immune globulin (VZIG) within 96 hours of varicella exposure
(1). Managing varicella in adults includes the routine administration of acyclovir. The optimal strategy for
varicella control is to prevent outbreaks by implementing existing policy recommendations.
The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices recommends vaccinating
susceptible adults, especially those at high risk for exposure or transmission
(3).
Reported by: C Woernle, MD, G Higginbotham, R Judy, Alabama Dept of Public Health. E
Gordon, DO; National Varicella-zoster Virus Laboratory, Div of Viral and Rickettsial Diseases, National
Center for Infectious Diseases; Child Vaccine Preventable Diseases Br, Epidemiology and Surveillance
Div, National Immunization Program, CDC.
* A confirmed case was one that was laboratory-confirmed or that met the clinical case
definition and was linked epidemiologically to a confirmed or to a probable case
<|endofexample|>
Farmers and the Weather
(before 2003)
Read the story. Click the "LISTEN" button at the bottom of the page to hear the story. When you are done, click the "NEXT" button.
The weather is very important to farmers. This time of year seems to be cooler than usual. This change is nice for some farmers but causes worry for others.
One man who grows grapes said that he welcomed the cooler weather. It was giving him and his workers extra time to bottle their wine. Usually they would still be picking grapes this time of year.
Other farmers are not quite as happy. The possible rain can cause a lot of damage to their crops. Food that is not picked right away can often rot.
Farmers are usually on a very strict schedule. They need to get all of their food picked before the weather gets bad. When the rains start early it can ruin a lot of their crops.
It seems that some farmers are happy about the cooler weather and others are concerned. It has been a nice relief for a few of them. For others, they hope that the rain will not start because it could ruin many of their crops.
(This was adapted from an original story provided by News10 KXTV Sacramento.)
<|endofexample|>
Whether you’re buying a home, selling a home, or investing in a home, we at Cedar City Real Estate understand the important decisions you have to make. As a full service real estate agency located in Cedar City, Utah, we make those decisions easier for you.
Along with Cedar City, Utah, we also serve the following Utah locations:
If you are buying a home in Cedar City, Utah or surrounding areas, our Multiple Listing Service (MLS) assures you the best purchase possible. We also assist buyers with their relocation needs and can refer you to a reputable agent.
Selling a home can be a scary thing, especially today. The small things matter when you’re getting ready to sell a home and trying to show it off. For example, finishing touches add value to your home. Pick a focus point for each room and build on that. With a nearly empty room, you could add a plant in a corner or mirror on the wall. In a bedroom, you could spruce up the bed with new linens. Make sure you clean the floors and carpets as best you can. Hardwood floors and tile should be sparkling. Clean the fans and update your lighting. A fresh coat of paint around the home is a plus as well.
If you are investing in a home, make sure you try to improve your credit score in order to qualify for the tightened mortgage standards. Here are a few tips:
The Cedar City real estate market has been one of the fastest growing real estate markets in the United States over the last 5 years. Strong growth in the middle-class income housing market has been the staple of the market’s growth.
Cedar City, Utah is a city that has something for an individual or family in any circumstance, including:
Just let us at Cedar City Real Estate know your needs, and we will do our best to lighten your load.
<|endofexample|>
Printable Campus Map
Initially built as a church in 1853 and renovated by the University in 1903, Alford Auditorium has served the University in several capacities, such as a gymnasium, chapel, and theatre. The building with its newer annex now functions as classrooms and faculty offices.
The Apple Technology Resource Center was renovated in 1998 to further strengthen Cedarville’s position as a national leader in instructional technology. The 24,000-square-foot facility houses six general classrooms, a 40-station general-use computer laboratory, a videoconferencing center, a computerized testing room, student lounges, and 17 offices. New electronic media facilities were added in 2004. These include four studios: a recording studio outfitted with a Mackie D8B and 2496 hard disc recording system, a television studio/control room equipped with three digital video cameras and “green screen” wall, a broadcast studio, and an audio computer studio. Apple also houses the department of social work faculty offices.
The construction of the 66,000-square-foot, two-story library served as the cornerstone of the University’s 1987 centennial celebration. This structure brings together the latest information technologies for higher learning and provides general study and specialized seating for over 800 students. Designed to house a collection of up to 250,000 volumes, the library also contains the MediaPLEX, the Curriculum Materials Center, computer and media-supported classrooms, a variety of individual and group study facilities, and the University archives.
The library collection consists of approximately 275,000 print, media, and digital items, including almost 1,000 journal subscriptions in print form, more than 9,000 e-journal subscriptions, and more than 53,000 e-books. As a member of OhioLINK, a cooperative of 90 institutional libraries, students and faculty have access to more than 12,000,000 unique titles through a centralized computer catalog with on-campus delivery. In addition, through OCLC, the Online Computer Library Center, the library has access to more than 236,000,000 books and other library materials in more than 72,000 libraries in all 50 states and 170 foreign countries.
Situated on Cedar Lake, this innovative 59,000-square-foot structure supports Cedarville’s Bible minor — which grounds students in God’s Word — as well as the 10 Bible programs that prepare them for vocational ministry. The center includes a technology-equipped homiletics lab, two lecture halls, 14 classrooms, accessible faculty offices, email stations, a multimedia lab, and a 36-station computer lab, along with a lounge, gallery, and vending areas. The building also houses the University’s academic enrichment center, which provides courses, programs, services, and events to cultivate academic success. It includes tutoring, first-year programming, disability services, workshops, consultations, and exploratory support.
The 120,000-square-foot Dixon Ministry Center, completed in 1996, includes the Jeremiah Chapel, the Christian ministries division, the department of music and worship, and seven classrooms.
The 3,400-seat chapel is the site of daily chapel services that bring the University family together for worship and instruction from God’s Word.
The department of music and worship facilities include 15 instructional studios, 20 practice rooms, four rehearsal halls, a piano pedagogy suite, a piano laboratory, a computer laboratory, three specialized classrooms, a large conference room, and a beautiful 250-seat recital hall.
This facility demonstrates the University’s firm commitment to providing a quality Christian education in the sciences. This 95,000-square-foot, three-story academic center is home to the department of science and mathematics and the Elmer W. Engstrom Department of Engineering and Computer Science. It contains 10 classrooms, including a 200-seat auditorium, 10 independent study laboratories, five conference rooms, 36 discipline-specific laboratories, 50 offices, and several lounges. The building also contains a 40-station general-use computer laboratory and features video and data connectivity in all offices, classrooms, and laboratories. Special features include three computer-equipped classrooms, a 16-inch reflecting telescope, an audio visual learning laboratory, an engine test cell, five electronic circuit laboratories, and a wind tunnel with an 18-inch test chamber.
The 8,800-square-foot Engineering Projects Laboratory was opened in 2005 and houses a projects lab complete with a machine shop, welding area, ventilated paint and fiberglass booth, wood shop, and bays for up to six projects. The single-story steel building also features a multipurpose conference room and six faculty offices.
Hartman Hall is home to theatre faculty offices and houses a conference room for the department of art, design, and theatre. A full-scale restoration of this historic home was completed in 2012.
The newly constructed Health Sciences Center is home to the schools of nursing and pharmacy as well as the Center for Bioethics. This facility houses state-of-the-art classrooms and research and clinical laboratories, including one of the best simulation centers in the country. It also includes numerous student collaboration rooms and comfortable lounges for group interaction and individual study and relaxation.
Opened in 1987 and featuring the latest in instructional technology, the George Milner Business Administration Building contains nine general classrooms, two computer classrooms, the trading center, the center for business innovation, and faculty offices for the school of business administration.
This facility, renovated in 2002, includes a graphic design lab, writing center, multimedia lab, three computer classrooms, seven general classrooms, and faculty offices. Offices for alumni relations, marketing, creative services, advancement, and information technology are also located in this building. Tyler also holds the Computer Assistance Center.
Ambassador Hall serves as office space for the department of english, language, and modern literature.
This facility houses offices for the college of extended learning and the Center for Teaching and Learning, which works with faculty to create effective instructional solutions.
This historic facility was renamed Founders Hall on Centennial Charter Day, January 26, 1987. Today this stately structure serves as Cedarville’s administrative and academic headquarters with offices for the president, provost, and academic vice president.
The Human Resource Center houses the administrative offices of human resources.
Formerly the home of the University’s medical clinic, Patterson Hall now provides faculty office space for the department of media and applied communications.
The Service Center houses various offices and facilities for the Maintenance, Grounds, Custodial Services, and Campus Safety departments.
Providing classrooms and offices, Williams Hall serves as the home of the academic departments of education, psychology, and English, literature, and modern languages.
Constructed in 1981, the Callan Athletic Center includes the Stranahan Gymnasium, which seats nearly 3,000 fans and serves as the competition venue for basketball and volleyball programs, along with providing space for a variety of athletic team practices, intramural sports, and many other recreational activities. The entire facility features three full-length basketball courts, five volleyball courts, 10 badminton courts, nine team and generaluse locker rooms, an athletics laundry facility, and a state-of-the-art athletics training room complex. The renovated second floor, opened in January 2003, includes six classrooms, an exercise science lab, and offices for coaches and faculty in the department of kinesiology and allied health.
The Doden Field House is the largest section of the Recreation Center, added in 2003. This 60,000-square-foot area can host four basketball, volleyball, and tennis courts or two indoor soccer courts. It also includes three batting cages, a 200-meter track, and bleachers seating 1,000 spectators. The track is used for individual walking/jogging as well as for high school and college indoor track competitions. Cedarville’s annual commencement is held in the Field House, accomodating nearly 7,000 attendees.
The men's golf program is enhanced with the opening of a new driving range and practice facility on the northwest side of the Cedarville University campus. It's all part of the athletics complex that includes baseball, softball, soccer, and track and.
Fields used for intramural sports such as flag football, soccer, and softball.
Added in 2003, the Fitness Center is an open, inviting area featuring a 40-foot indoor climbing wall, capturing the attention of all who enter. This section of the Recreation Center also includes three racquetball courts, a 2,200-square-foot exercise studio, a varsity athletics free weight room, a 2,000-square-foot general use free weight room, 28 Nautilus strength training machines, 50 cardio machines, and a recreation equipment room.
The nine tennis courts are located on the north end of campus. The venue opened in 1996 and includes one group of six courts with three lighted adjoining courts all featuring a Latex-ite color coating and cushion surface.
University Medical Services provides ambulatory health care with a staff that consists of physicians and nurses. University Medical Services offers many health care services such as preventative care, illness care, wellness education, over-the-counter medications, allergy injection management, laboratory services, prescription medications, rehabilitation treatment, and an insurance claim service.
Brock Hall is more than a building; it is a community of men who are lively, inviting, and full of tradition. There is a vibrant spirit and spirituality among the men of Brock. Brock Hall has a lounge on the second floor with a big-screen TV, which is often full on Saturday and Sunday afternoons and packed on Monday nights! Men of all ages enjoy Brock's unique culture, community, and the lifelong memories that are made.
Brock Hall is home to nearly 200 men. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room holds two students.
View the RD's profile Room Floor Plan
Faith Hall is a welcoming community for female students of all ages. As a smaller option, it provides residents with more opportunities to get to know each other. Faith also has an open courtyard in the center of the facility. The coed lounge with a fireplace provides a fun and cozy place to study or hang out with friends. Faith is composed of a tight-knit community of girls that enjoy many planned and impromptu activities.
Faith Hall is home to nearly 120 female students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live in units of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room houses two students.
View the RD's profile East Room Floor Plan West Room Floor Plan
Johnson Hall is home to female students of all ages. The variety of ages allows new students to gain understanding and experience from upperclassmen while bringing energy and excitement to the dorm! There are study lounges and TV lounges on each floor for relaxing or hanging out with friends. Johnson Hall shares a coed lounge, the Green Center, with St. Clair Hall. The Green Center has clusters of furniture for hanging out and playing games with friends, pool and Ping-Pong tables, a fireplace, and vending machines.
Johnson Hall is home to nearly 130 students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room houses two students.
Lawlor Hall is a popular choice for male students on campus. It is centrally located near the other residence halls and close to the Dixon Ministry Center. The unit-style living encourages camaraderie among the men that live there. As a Lawlor man, you will have opportunities to participate in Lawlor Palooza, the historic Lawlor-Hill football game, Lawlor (K)night, outdoor grill events, and much more. The coed lounge has a big-screen TV, kitchenette, and pool table.
Lawlor Hall is home to nearly 300 male students. Each unit consists of four double rooms and a small common lounge area. Two units are connected by a shared bathroom consisting of four showers, four sinks, and two toilets. Each unit has an outdoor entrance that opens up to the parking lot.
Maddox Hall is built around a completely enclosed courtyard that is used for dorm events and personal relaxation. The combination of new and returning students contributes to the unique family culture and excitement of this community. The coed lounge with kitchen and fireplace is a popular place for groups of students to meet and hang out in on weekends and weeknights. The study lounge also provides a quiet place to study. The Maddox-Printy powder-puff game each fall is a great way to get involved!
Maddox is home to approximately 230 female students of all ages. As a unit-style dorm, each unit of Maddox has four bedrooms with two girls per room, a double bathroom, and a common lounge area. Each unit has an outdoor entrance that opens up to the courtyard.
McChesney Hall draws a lot of students for its spacious rooms and proximity to the athletic and student centers. It attracts students of all ages that desire to create lifelong friendships. There is much pride for McChesney Hall among its male residents. McChesney Hall shares a coed lounge, the Miter Center, with McKinney Hall. The Miter Center has Ping-Pong and pool tables, along with couches, tables, a fireplace, and vending machines to create an environment for groups of students to study in or just have fun.
McChesney Hall is home to nearly 130 students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room houses two students.
McKinney Hall is a primarily upperclassman dorm in the center of our residence halls. The study lounge and TV lounge on the ends of the floors provide opportunities for fellowship without leaving the building. McKinney Hall shares a code lounge, the Miter Center, with McChesney Hall. The Miter Center has Ping-Pong and pool tables, couches, tables, a fireplace, and vending machines to create an environment for groups of students to study in or just have fun.
McKinney Hall is home to nearly 130 students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room houses two students.
Murphy Hall has a good representation of students of all ages. There is a study lounge on the first floor and the TV lounge in the center of the second floor. Located on the northwest side of campus, Murphy Hall is the closest dorm to the field house and the athletic fields. It is also very close to the Stevens Student Center. Murphy Hall also shares a code lounge, the Younger Center, with Rickard.
Murphy Hall is home to over 150 female students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 25 students and share two common bathrooms on each floor. Each room houses two students.
Printy Hall is a great place for freshman girls to live. The unit-style of the dorm promotes intentional community. Living in a unit together provides the potential to develop fast, close, and lasting relationships among students. The energy and excitement of new students at annual events such as Printy Wars or the powder-puff football game generate lasting memories. The coed lounge and kitchen are popular hangout spots. Printy also has a TV lounge on the first floor.
Printy Hall is a unit- or suite-style dorm home to nearly 300 female students. Each unit consists of four double rooms in each unit and a common lounge area. Two units share a bathroom consisting of four showers, four sinks, and two toilets. Each unit has an outdoor entrance that opens up to the parking lot.
Rickard Hall invites students of all ages. Many men choose to live in Rickard for a few years. The rooms are some of the largest on campus. It also has a study lounge on the first floor and the TV lounge in the center of the second floor. Located on the northwest side of campus, Rickard Hall is the closest dorm to the field house and the athletic fields. It is also very close to the Stevens Student Center. Favorite Rickard traditions include MANWEEK and the whiffle ball tournament. Rickard Hall shares a coed lounge, the Younger Center, with Murphy.
Rickard Hall is home to over 150 male students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 25 students and share two common bathrooms on each floor. Each room houses two students.
Shrubsole House is located at the west end of campus. It is home to 11 men sharing five double rooms and one single room. It is a fun, close-knit community. There is a full kitchen, living room with fireplace, a spacious yard, front patio, back deck with grill, and two bathrooms. The residents of this building tend to be upperclassmen. It has been known as “The Batt Cave” after the inaugural RA. There is also parking for all residents and the Stevens Student Center and Health Sciences Center are just a short walk away.
First Floor Plan Second Floor Plan
St. Clair is a vibrant living community where there is never a dull moment. Its proximity to the sand volleyball court, tennis courts, and intramural and varsity athletic fields draws many students. It is a great community that encourages holistic growth in college men. There are TV lounges and study lounges at the ends of the halls. St. Clair shares a coed lounge, the Green Center, with Johnson Hall. The Green Center has clusters of furniture for hanging out, games, pool and Ping-Pong tables, as well as a fireplace and vending machines.
St. Clair Hall is home to nearly 130 male students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room houses two students.
View the RD's profile Room Floor Plan.
The Hill is both the oldest and newest men’s residence hall on campus. It was originally built in 1976 as four buildings: Marshall, Carr, Rogers, and Palmer. A complete renovation was completed in 2011. Rogers, Marshall, and Carr make up the main, larger building of The Hill. Palmer Hall, an adjacent building, features rooms for 20 students. The Hill has a generous cross section of students from all classes.
The Lodge — the central part of the residence facilities — features open spaces, exposed beams, and amenities. This multistory coed lounge includes a kitchenette, pool table, TV, eating area, and fireplace. Additional places to hang out include the academic conference room, the private reading room, and a lounge in Rogers. Hillians enjoy the traditional Lawlor-Hill football game, Hill Spill, and the Dishonors Day Awards. When the weather allows, the outdoor patio with a grill is a great place to relax and enjoy community.
The Hill is home to over 200 male students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room houses two students.
View the RD's profile Carr Room Floor Plan Marshall Room Floor Plan Palmer Room Floor Plan Rogers Room Floor Plan
Willetts Hall has a cross section of all ages of students. It has three floors of rooms with study and TV lounges on the ends of the floors. There are two TV lounges that have a very homey feel that provide a relaxing environment. The girls in Willetts Hall enjoy attending many dorm events and spending time socializing within the halls. Groups of coed students enjoy hanging out in the kitchen and lounge located at the main entrance of the building.
As the largest women’s residence hall, Willetts Hall is home to nearly 350 female students. As a traditional hall-style dorm, students live on halls of approximately 20–25 students and share common bathrooms in the center of each floor. Each room houses two students.
View the RD's profile Central Room Floor Plan North/South Room Floor Plan
© Copyright 2013 Cedarville University · 251 N. Main St · Cedarville, OH 45314 USA · 1-800-CEDARVILLE (233-2784) · 1-937-766-7700
Web Disclaimer ·
Privacy Statement ·
<|endofexample|>
Dr. Kuruvilla serves as).
<|endofexample|>
/ quite a sight while stalking the night as this beautiful blood-sucker! This cute costume includes: A lace trimmed fuchsia dress with gothic print, leggings and a vest with attached wings. 3 piece set. Polyester. Machine Washable.
Does not include shoes.
Retail Value: $36.99
Our Price: $29.99
Product ID: #70139
Quantity:
Size Chart
Option:
In Stock
Most orders placed by 3 PM CST will ship same day.
In Stock
Out of Stock
Product Safety Information: Close (x)
11 Reviews - Overall Customer Rating:
2 Ratings Only Reviews - Rating:
Show all reviews |
Write a review |
Show reviews with photo(s) |
Show reviews with video(s)
Rating:
Sizing: True to size
Reviewed by: ryllysmom
(Read all my reviews)
Title: Perfect for a second choice :)
Date: Oct 26, 2012
I ordered this costume because the one she wanted was currently out of stock but we were both very happy with the result. It fits great and she thought she looked awesome.
Report this review as Inappropriate
Was this review helpful to you? Yes | No
Reviewed by: tweenniemom
Title: Very disappointing
Date: Oct 20, 2012
This costume arrived looking totally different than the picture. The quality was very poor. The wings show a high collar. The collar is actually very limp and lays flat. The top is shown a pretty pinkish color with the black graphics standing out. The top arrived a dark burgandy color and you couldn't see the black graphic because the material was too dark. The leggings are acutally black tights like pantyhose. Very disappointing.
Reviewed by: celticscotian
Title: Disappointing
Date: Oct 10, 2012
Pretty sad, really...
First they sent the wrong costume, entirely...but the customer service to correct was great. The only plus to this experience.
The collar on the vest sags and the wings droop. I might be able to fix with some wire. Otherwise, this looks NOTHING like the photo.
The dress is better suited to skinny torsos rather than average ones.
The outfit overall looks cheap. If I had got this half off, I would have been more OK with it.
Hallowe'en is too close to return and get something different. Luckily, I was buying this just for the wings to go with a home-made vampire costume.
Reviewed by: Vellie
Location: California
Title: A different look
Date: Oct 20, 2011
I thought the entire oufit was cute and my 8 year old daughter approves of it.
Reviewed by: Girlee
Location: Michigan
Title: Adorable
Date: Oct 19, 2011
My daughter is 7 and it fits her perfect. She loves it and so do I. Very cute!
Reviewed by: Miche7377
Location: Tampa, FL
Title: It's cute
Date: Oct 17, 2011
My daughter loves it and at the end that's' what counts!!!
Reviewed by: lilbritches
Location: Missouri
Title:
Date: Sep 28, 2011
This outfit is just right for my daughter! She is very pleased and that is hard for her to be pleased!lol
Reviewed by: nolamama
Title: Great Costume
Date: Aug 31, 2011
My daughter is a 4th grader and she loves the costume, very good quality for the money.
Reviewed by: MandiF
Location: Port Neches, TX
Title: Cute!
Date: Sep 23, 2010
I bought this for my 8 yr old daughter. She loves it. It is exactly what she wanted. The quality is good, looks just like the picture.
Show all reviews
$36.99
$34.99
$39.99
$20.79
$49.99
$29.99
$59.99
$79.99
$24.99
$27.99
$14.99
$25.59
<|endofexample|>
Sophia & Dan
Thank you SOO much for helping make sure our day was stress-free and beautifully done. We really could not have done it without you and your team at Celebrations!
You really made planning a destination wedding easy – especially for this Type A personality bride. A lot of my friends were really shocked at how at ease and stress-free I was in the days leading up to and on the wedding day. I told them that it was because I had you – knowing that you were on top of everything and being able to rely on you 100% allowed me to really enjoy the experience and spend time with our guests.
From the beginning, you were so quick to respond to our many emails and helped out with anything and everything. Whenever I started to stress about things, all it would take is a quick email or chat with you to put me at ease.
Thank you also for all your advice (just getting certain things done rather than lingering) and suggestions (like on decor). You were really professional and honest. Your vast experience with weddings really helped me plan properly so there were no unexpected surprises. Also knowing the best and most reliable vendors on the island was so helpful for us.
Thank you also for always being patient with me as I often didn’t know exactly what I wanted and it took a few tries for me to figure things out – particularly with the flowers.
Thank you also for being so organized. The proposal and the timeline that you put together for us were key – and really helped us feel comfortable that everything was under control.
Everything really turned out perfectly and Dan and I could not be happier! We’re still getting compliments about how well executed everything was and how beautifully decorated the Caribbean Club beach and Luca was. I really love how you were able to transform everything into something really special for our guests. We had heard from several people on the island that you are the best and I agree with them 100%. Would highly recommend you to anyone planning a wedding on Grand Cayman!
With Love,
Sophia & Dan
Jen & Ben
There are not words to describe how profoundly grateful my husband and I are to have worked with you on our wedding. I have just seen off the last of our guests and am having a chance to sit down and compose some thank you emails. I have to say that you more than exceeded our expectations on every level. Your design for our event was abolutely exquisite & more beautiful than I could have imagined. The ceremony and preparation were seamless. Our stress was non-exisitant. We owe all of this to your diligent hard work. Like I said, I do not have the words to describe how impressed we are with you and your work. I appreciate every single thing that you did to make our wedding day memories something we will carry with us for a lifetime. We are so blessed to have met you!
Very Best Regards and much success in the future!!!
Jen and Ben Ogden
Anne & Bill
Bill and I (and our families) would like to thank you for everything you did to make our wedding so wonderful. We had so much fun, and it was a perfect day. Thank you for all your advice, patience, hard work, and vision. And for answering my millions of emails and revising the plan so many times. And, of course, thank you so much for getting us the most beautiful cake. Everything looked great and ran smoothly – and that allowed us to focus on each other and the amazing day instead of the details. Our day would not have been possible without you and Celebrations, and we are so grateful we found you.
Anne and Bill
Christy & Charlie
We can’t thank you enough for everything you did to make our wedding ceremony and reception as fantastic, easy and beautiful as it was! Our flowers were amazing and the decor was just as I had hoped it would be! You were so fun to work with and your patience was incredible. Planning from 3,000 miles away is never easy, but you made it happen! Every one of our 100 guests commented on how beautiful everything looked and how smoothly everything went. Your vendors were all fantastic and I would recommend Celebrations anytime to anyone coming to the Grand Cayman for a wedding or event in general. Thank you again for your organization, great attitude and insight. It was a day to remember for always!
Cheers, Christy and Charlie Kreisa
Melissa & Dan
Hope all is going well in the Beautiful Grand Caymans!
I miss it so much!
Anyways, just wanted to say THANK YOU!!!!! so very much for providing us with such a gorgeous wedding day! Not only was it beautiful and more than what we hoped for, but also you did a remarkable job overall. Everything flowed seamlessly and I was complimented many many times on your work and how great you were to work with.
I can’t believe after almost over a year of planning it’s done! Thanks again for all of your help and sharing your expertise to help up celebrate one of the most magical and memorable days of our lives!
Lots of Love!
Issa and Dan
“The New Mr. & Mrs. Mosley”!!
<|endofexample|>
Child Stars: Where Are They Now? Previous Next « Back to Story Replay 45/67 Then: This hottie starred on the 80s mega-hit sitcom. « Back to Story Share Tweet By Celebuzz
Nice shirt homo.
GOOOOSH I used to love him!
Is it me or does he have a "I just lost my virginity" face?
never once did I think this guy was a "hotti"... he's just too damn dorky looking.. I'd do his sister before I touch him, and I'm not even a les.
Hottie?... The guy looks like a retard!
Lol...speaking of ignorant, bible-thumping Jesus Freaks..
bwahaha at first I read "growing pants", thought it was a gay show lol
[quote=Shannan Johnson]I had the biggest crush on Kirk Cameron when he starred on Growing Pains! He was such a hottie! me too!!! I was in love!!
I had the biggest crush on Kirk Cameron when he starred on Growing Pains! He was such a hottie!
[quote=Katherine Hernandez]he was HOT! so true
Ah, I was in love... :)
he was HOT!
<|endofexample|>
'Community' Star Donald Glover Supports GQ's Fashion's Night Out
Donald Glover attends GQ, Bloomingdale's and Dockers celebration of men's style at Fashion's Night Out at Bloomingdale's 59th Street store on September 8, 2011 in New York City. The TV star also posed alongside Alexander Wang, Jim Moore and Lance Lin.
Source: Getty Images
<|endofexample|>
Copyright © 2005 The American Society of Human Genetics All rights reserved.
The American Journal of Human Genetics, Volume 76, Issue 3, 438-448, 1 March 2005
doi:10.1086/428439
Julian Forton1, b,
,
, Dominic Kwiatkowski1, b, Kirk Rockett1, Gaia Luoni1, †, Martin Kimber1, 3 and Jeremy Hullb
1 1Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics and
2 University Department of Paediatrics, University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom
3 Tessella, Abingdon, United Kingdom
Many investigators are now using haplotype-tagging single-nucleotide polymorphism (htSNPs) as a way of screening regions of the genome for association with disease. A common approach is to genotype htSNPs in a study population and to use this information to draw inferences about each individual's haplotypic makeup, including SNPs that were not directly genotyped. To test the validity of this approach, we simulated the exercise of typing htSNPs in a large sample of individuals and compared the true and inferred haplotypes. The accuracy of haplotype inference varied, depending on the method of selecting htSNPs, the linkage-disequilibrium structure of the region, and the amount of missing data. At the stage of selection of htSNPs, haplotype-block–based methods required a larger number of htSNPs than did unstructured methods but gave lower levels of error in haplotype inference, particularly when there was a significant amount of missing data. We present a Web-based utility that allows investigators to compare the likely error rates of different sets of htSNPs and to arrive at an economical set of htSNPs that provides acceptable levels of accuracy in haplotype inference.
<|endofexample|>
Article Information
- PDF (4866 kb)
- Full Text with Thumbnail Figures
- Full Text with Large Figures
- Cited by in Scopus (69)
- Request permission
PubMed
Related Articles
- Sorting through the Cell Biology of Alzheimer's Disease: Intracellular Pathways to Pathogenesis
- Phosphorylation of the Translation Initiation Factor eIF2α Increases BACE1 Levels and Promotes Amylo...
- Aβ-Generating Enzymes
- …more
Get Bookmark
Neuron, Volume 17, Issue 1, 171-179, 1 July 1996
doi:10.1016/S0896-6273(00)80290-1
ArticleAdd/View Comments (0)
Inhibition of Amyloid β-Protein Production in Neural Cells by the Serine Protease Inhibitor AEBSF
M Citron2, T.S Diehl2, A Capell2, C Haass4, D.B Teplow3 and D.J Selkoe2, *,
1 Department of Neurology, Harvard Medical School, USA
2 Center for Neurologic Diseases, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts, 02115, USA
3 Biopolymer Laboratory, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts, 02115, USA
4 Zentralinstitut für seelische Gesundheit, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim, 68159, Federal Republic of Germany
Abstract
- Cerebral deposition of amyloid β protein (Aβ) is an early and critical feature of Alzheimer's disease. Aβ production requires the proteolytic release of Aβ from the β-amyloid precursor protein (βAPP). Thus, inhibition of Aβ release is a prime therapeutic goal. Here, we show that the broad spectrum, irreversible serine protease inhibitor, AEBSF, inhibits the constitutive production of Aβ in five different human cell lines, both neural and nonneural. AEBSF also stabilizes full-length βAPP and enhances α-secretion, as shown by an increase in the proteolytic derivative, α-APPs. Further, we demonstrate that the inhibitory effect of AEBSF is specific for Aβ proteins starting at Aspartate 1, suggesting that AEBSF directly inhibits β-secretase, the Methionine–Aspartate (Met–Asp)-cleaving enzyme. These results indicate that specific inhibition of this Aβ-generating protease is possible in living human neural cells and provide information about the characteristics of this as yet unidentified enzyme.
<|endofexample|>
CSNNE.com:
....
“He told me at Reebok, ‘Every time I see you slacking, I’m just going to look at you and tell you you’re not going back,’ meaning I’m not going back overseas,” said Christmas. “I said, ‘I hope you’re right.’ So every time I looked at him, he’d just give me a look or he keeps telling me I’m going hard. It’s just a confidence booster in itself, him being in the gym, his presence.”
Christmas was one of the stars of the Celtics Summer League, and his play earned him a spot with the real Celtics team. Apparently, Jason Terry has taken it upon himself to make sure that Christmas can stick around.
This article is an awesome read, Christmas paints Terry in a great light - going into his work routines, his dedication and his shooting prowess.
When the Celtics first signed Terry, I'll admit that I was a little bit skeptical, given his age. However, he's really impressed me from stories like this and his dedication to the team - even getting a tattoo of the Celtics leprechaun already.
Christmas likely won't get very much playing time this season as a Celtic, as a shoot guard he's the last on the depth chart at a very deep position - Avery Bradley, Terry, and Courtney Lee. However, he'll be able to learn a lot from veterans like Terry as well as Kevin Garnett. It's great that Terry can play that role, the strength of character of Celtics players has always been a strength. Glad to see he can add to that.
_________________________________________________________________________________________« Prev Post Next Post »
<|endofexample|>
CENELEC
Project
Status
Legal
Details
Environment
History
Implementation Dates
Relations
(1) Date of ratification (dor) date when the Technical Board notes the approval of an EN (and HD for CENELEC), from which time the standard may be said to be approved
(2) Date of availability (dav) date when the definitive text in the official language versions of an approved CEN/CENELEC publication is distributed by the Central Secretariat
(3) Date of announcement (doa) latest date by which the existence of an EN (and HD for CENELEC), a TS or a CWA has to be announced at national level
(4) Date of publication (dop) latest date by which an EN has to be implemented at national level by publication of an identical national standard or by endorsement
.
<|endofexample|>
Contact: Decennial Media Relations
301-457-3691/301-457-3620 (fax)
301-457-1037 (TDD).
<|endofexample|>
Outdoor Christmas Lights House Decorating
Now I’ll show you the lights of incredible outdoor Christmas decorating of the house that are impressive and show how Christmas is celebrated in style.
Christmas ornaments are a beautiful and ancient tradition. Often people can not wait until Christmas comes to decorating the Christmas tree and put the light in theirwindows. Some of them go a step further and decorate your home. It is a long and difficult process, but if you are persistent and if you really want to do this, the results can be spectacular. Check out these pictures and see how it can be surprising. Home decorating is an art. There are even competitions in this issue.
You can tell by the pictures that these people have spent much time doing that. It takes a lot of ornaments and the time to …
<|endofexample|>
Hyde Park View is one of the only hostels in Central London to offer en-suite bathrooms in every room, making the Hyde Park View the first-choice hostel for most London-bound travellers!
Set just a stone's throw from Hyde Park / Kensington Gardens, you can go shopping on the local high street, Queensway. Notting Hill and its famous Portobello Market.
Smart Hyde Park View is located near 2 underground stations Bayswater (District and Circle Line) and Queensway (Central Line) station.
At the Smart Hyde Park View we take great importance in providing security at the hostel, this includes 24-hour CCTV, Security key cards for every room which can also be used to access your security lockers, and 24 hour reception.
FREE Wi-Fi
<|endofexample|>
Sustainable Centre: Buildings
As outlined in Centre College’s ACUPCC action plan, the College is committed to energy conservation in all new construction and major renovation projects on campus. All new buildings and major renovations will be designed and built to conserve energy and enhance the human environment as evaluated by LEED silver standards or equivalent. Certification through the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) will be pursued as appropriate.
Centre is the only college in Kentucky to have four LEED-certified buildings (Pearl Hall, Brockman Commons, Campus Center, and Young Hall addition), including two at the Gold level.
Brockman Commons
The A. Eugene Brockman Residential Commons, completed in August 2012, was dedicated on October 20 during Homecoming weekend of the same year. The 124-bed facility, comprised of six separate buildings offering apartment and townhouse living for upperclassmen, opened for the beginning of the 2012-13 academic year. Brockman Commons has geothermal heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems, and the first solar powered trash compactor on campus. The residential housing complex is certified LEED Silver.
Pearl Hall
Pearl Hall residence hall, opened in August 2008 and dedicated in October 2009, was granted LEED Gold certification in April 2009 by the USGBC for its environmentally friendly design and construction. From the start of planning stages, LEED certification was a major objective for Pearl Hall which has a geothermal heating ventilation and air-conditioning system.
Pearl Hall is Kentucky's first LEED Gold-awarded building and has the highest LEED rating for any residential facility in the state. Explore more about Pearl Hall: its origins; Pearl's LEED certification and what makes it green; and a photo slideshow. Pearl Hall is also the recipient of several awards.
Campus Center
The Campus Center opened in October 2009. The College's Campus Center has been granted Silver LEED certification by the USGBC. To read about what makes the Campus Center green, click here.
Young Hall
The addition to, and renovation of, Centre’s main science building, Young Hall, was completed in fall of 2010 and dedicated in October 2011. Young Hall is currently in review by the USGBC for LEED certification.
Norton Center for the Arts
The College's Norton Center for the Arts underwent a refurbishment and renovation in 2009. This endeavor included new seats in Newlin Hall, the location of the main stage, and a refurbishment of Weisiger Theatre. In addition, many renovations, listed below, contributed to the Norton Center’s qualification for LEED certification for an existing structure.
Energy-saving renovations include:
- Two 100-gallon water heaters replace one 500-gallon water heater.
- All windows and doors are now structured with thermo pane Low-E glass, insulating the building by keeping heat inside during winter and preventing the heat from entering during summer.
- Lights now use low-wattage CFL or LED bulbs, which use less energy and last 5 to 8 times longer than conventional light bulbs.
- A new HVAC system is installed.
In March 2013, two large music practice rooms had lighting retrofits completed. More than 80 fluorescent light fixtures were updated with electronic ballasts and T8 bulbs that do not contain mercury.
The College Centre
In 2005, The College Centre, a state-of-the-art academic/athletic complex, underwent an expansion and renovation. The project unifies Crounse and Sutcliffe halls, the main campus academic and athletic facilities, respectively.
Though LEED certification was not pursued on this project, the construction incorporated many best practices for energy conservation and sustainable design. Features of both buildings include: storm water control; water use reduction; construction waste management; use of recycled materials; low-emitting paints, sealants and carpets; and advanced lighting and ventilation controls.
Stone Guest Cottage
In the spring of 2013, high efficiency furnaces and air conditioner systems are being installed at the Stone Guest Cottage.
Olin Hall
In the spring of 2012 the energy management system at Olin Hall was updated. Also a 23-year-old chiller was replaced by a new system with turbocor compressors that are 20-30% more energy efficient.
Identifying energy use across campus
In 2009, Centre’s facilities management department began using the SchoolDude software system to track utilities use by each building and each utility meter. This system allows Centre to readily identify the most and least efficient buildings. From this information, future plans can be developed to improve or replace those buildings.
Links
- Centre’s ACUPCC Action Plan
- Awards and Partnerships
- Academics
- Buildings
- Environmental Issues Forum
- Green Fund
- News and Current Events
- President's Climate Commitment
Advisory Committee
- Student Activities
- Sustainable Centre Home
- What Are We Doing?
<|endofexample|>
Multimedia
En Español
Em Português
Other Languages.
Home | Research Topics | Jobs/Internships | Contact | Log-in
1611 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20009 | 202-293-5380 ***This site best viewed using Mozilla Firefox***
<|endofexample|>
Multimedia
En Español
Em Português
Other Languages
“Historically Unprecedented” Draft Campaign Gives Public a Chance to Weigh In
For Immediate Release: January 7, 2013Contact: Dan Beeton, 202-239-1460
Washington, D.C. -."
###
Home | Research Topics | Jobs/Internships | Contact | Log-in
1611 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20009 | 202-293-5380 ***This site best viewed using Mozilla Firefox***
<|endofexample|>
Inspirations: Bathrooms
Dramatic Styles. Distinctive colors. Practical solutions.
The bathroom has received increased design focus as homeowners look at this personal space as a room to retreat and pamper themselves. The dream bathroom may be an ultimate spa retreat or simple clean soothing space with minimal decorative details. Ceramic tile showers are often the design focus. Bathroom floor tile is the foundation for good design and practical use. In Minnesota, bathroom remodeling is a leading investment for homeowners seeking to add value to an existing home.
To view more detail on a collection please click on the collection name below the image.
View more design ideas in our other Inspiration pages:
Inspirations Interiors
Inspirations Commercial
Inspirations Kitchen
<|endofexample|>
Publicity and Promotion
- British Publishers' Projects Magazine feature on the CESSDA-PPP: "Improving Access to Social Science Data". Projects is "...Europe’s leading publication focusing exclusively on science, technology and innovation within the context of European research and development." Digital Version of Projects 15.
Newsletters
Posters
- ECRI 2010 (Barcelona, Spain. March 2010)
- Timescapes event (British Library, London. October 2009)
- ECRI 2008 (Versailles, France. December 2008)
<|endofexample|>
Please don't fill this in, it is for spam detection only
Go!
Tuesday, June 05, 2012
It's the perfect time for picnics! Picnickers often head out with complicated dishes, but you can keep it simple and inexpensive by picking up your picnic at Grocery Outlet! Here's how:
Fruit Salad - We have the best of the season in our produce aisles. Slice berries, melons, pineapples, and citrus for a delicious and refreshing fruit salad. All it takes is a little time, plus it's healthy and great for your family. To jazz it up, thread fruit chunks onto skewers for fruit kabobs.
Deviled Eggs - A classic, and totally inexpensive. There are hundreds of different ways to make them, but give them a twist by replacing some of the spices or fillings. Check out this article for Deviled Eggs with Pesto, Bacon & Cheddar or Tomato & Capers.
Cold Cuts - Sure, you could make the classic picnic staple of Fried Chicken, but why fuss? Pick up a bunch of cold cuts from Grocery Outlet's deli section, some cheese, bread, and other sandwich fixings and let everyone make their own sandwich. Or you could slice salami and cheese, and add olives and tomatoes for a great antipasto platter.
Looking for something a little different? Check out this article on easy picnic food you can make in 20 minutes from the New York Times: 101 Picnic Foods in 20 Minutes or Less.
Don't forget to pick up your picnic at Grocery Outlet during the month of June! We have lots of great picnic items at extremely low prices.
Recipes
Seasons
Feed Your
Tuesday, November 22, 2011
Grocery Outlet loves Thanksgiving because it's a holiday focused on family and food. All year long, we are helping families save money so they can prepare bountiful meals for their families. And we can't think of a more bountiful meal than Thanksgiving. Here are some ideas to help you save time and money as you prepare.
Tips to Simplify Your Thanksgiving and Save Your Sanity:
Then sit down and enjoy the American tradition of gathering your favorite people and sharing your gratitude. Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Grocery Outlet!
Parties!
Seasons
Frugal Living
Holidays
Dinner
Friday, November 18, 2011
You can download the Thanksgiving menu that Christopher mentions in the video by clicking here: Download Thanksgiving Menu.
What's your favorite holiday movie? Leave a comment below.
(1)
Parties!
Recipes
Celebrate
vlog
Feed Your Family
Holidays
Dinner!
(2)
ad
Recipes
Wine
Special Promotion
vlog
Feed Your Family
Events at Grocery Outlet
Thursday, September 22, 2011
Grocery Outlet
Frugal Living
vlog
Feed Your Family
Dinner
Monday, September 12, 2011
(3)
Parties!
Recipes
Seasons
Dinner
All contents © 2009 Grocery Outlet Inc. All rights reserved. Designed and Developed by
Piehead Productions LLC.
<|endofexample|>
Senate Bill No. 1121
Public Act No. 05-42
AN ACT CONCERNING DAMAGES IN SMALL CLAIMS ACTIONS.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Assembly convened:
Section 1. Subsection (d) of section 51-15 of the general statutes is repealed and the following is substituted in lieu thereof (Effective October 1, 2005):
(d) The procedure for the hearing and determination of small claims as the same may be prescribed, from time to time, by the judges of the Superior Court shall be used in all small claims sessions of the court. The small claims procedure shall be applicable to all actions, except actions of libel and slander, claiming money damages not in excess of [three thousand five hundred] five thousand dollars, and to no other actions. If an action is brought in the small claims session by a tenant pursuant to subsection (g) of section 47a-21 to reclaim any part of a security deposit which may be due, the judicial authority hearing the action may award to the tenant the damages authorized by subsection (d) of said section and, if authorized by the rental agreement or any provision of the general statutes, costs, notwithstanding that the amount of such damages and costs, in the aggregate, exceeds the jurisdictional monetary limit established by this subsection. If a motion is filed to transfer a small claims matter to the regular docket in the court, the moving party shall pay the fee prescribed by section 52-259. The Attorney General or an assistant attorney general, or the head of any state agency or his or her authorized representative, while acting in his or her official capacity shall not be required to pay any small claims court fee. There shall be no charge for copies of service on defendants in small claims matters.
Approved May 17, 2005
<|endofexample|>
Substitute Senate Bill No. 505
Public Act No. 06-155
AN ACT CONCERNING THE ESTABLISHMENT OF AN ELECTRONIC PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAM AND WORK GROUP AND THE RELEASE OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES BY PHARMACISTS.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Assembly convened:
Section 1. Section 21a-254 of the general statutes is repealed and the following is substituted in lieu thereof (Effective October 1, 2006):
(a) The Commissioner of Consumer Protection, after investigation and hearing, may by regulation designate certain substances as restricted drugs or substances by reason of their exceptional danger to health or exceptional potential for abuse so as to require written records of receipt, use and dispensation, and may, after investigation and hearing, remove the designation as restricted drugs or substances from any substance so previously designated.
(b) Each physician, dentist, veterinarian or other person who is authorized to administer or professionally use schedule I substances shall keep a record of such schedule I substances received by him and a record of all such schedule I substances administered, dispensed or professionally used by him. The record of schedule I substances received shall in each case show the date of receipt, the name and address of the person from whom received and the kind and quantity of schedule I substances received. The record of all schedule I substances administered, dispensed or otherwise disposed of shall show the date of administering or dispensing, the name and address of the person to whom, or for whose use, or the owner and species of animal for which, the substances were administered or dispensed and the kind and quantity of substances.
(c) Practitioners obtaining and dispensing controlled substances shall keep a record of all such controlled substances, received and dispensed by them in accordance with the provisions of subsections (f) and (h) of this section.
(d) Manufacturers and wholesalers shall keep records of all controlled substances, compounded, mixed, cultivated or grown, or by any other process produced or prepared, and of all controlled substances received and disposed of by them in accordance with the provisions of subsections (f) and (h) of this section.
(e) Pharmacies, hospitals, chronic and convalescent nursing homes, rest homes with nursing supervision, clinics, infirmaries, free-standing ambulatory surgical centers and laboratories shall keep records of all controlled substances, received and disposed of by them in accordance with the provisions of subsections (f) and (h) of this section, except that hospitals and chronic and convalescent nursing homes using a unit dose drug distribution system may instead keep such records in accordance with the provisions of subsections (g) and (h) of this section, and except that hospitals and free-standing ambulatory surgical centers shall not be required to maintain separate disposition records for schedule V controlled substances or records of administering of individual doses for ultra-short-acting depressants, including but not limited to, Methohexital, Thiamylal and Thiopental.
(f) The form of record to be kept under subsection (c), (d) or (e) of this section shall in each case show the date of receipt, the name and address of the person from whom received, and the kind and quantity of controlled substances received, or, when applicable, the kind and quantity of controlled substances produced or removed from process of manufacture and the date of such production or removal from process of manufacture; and the record shall in each case show the proportion of controlled substances. The record of all controlled substances sold, administered, dispensed or otherwise disposed of shall show the date of selling, administering or dispensing, the name of the person to whom or for whose use, or the owner and species of animal for which, the substances were sold, administered or dispensed, the address of such person or owner in the instance of records of other than hospitals, chronic and convalescent nursing homes, rest homes with nursing supervision and infirmaries, and the kind and quantity of substances. In addition, hospital and infirmary records shall show the time of administering or dispensing, the prescribing physician and the nurse administering or dispensing the substance. Each such record of controlled substances shall be separately maintained apart from other drug records and kept for a period of three years from the date of the transaction recorded.
(g) Hospitals using a unit dose drug distribution system shall maintain a record noting all dispositions of controlled substances from any area of the hospital to other hospital locations. Such record shall include, but need not be limited to, the name, form, strength and quantity of the drug dispensed, the date dispensed and the location within the hospital to which the drug was dispensed. Such dispensing record shall be separately maintained, apart from other drug or business records, for a period of three years. Such hospital shall, in addition, maintain for each patient a record which includes, but need not be limited to, the full name of the patient and a complete description of each dose of medication administered, including the name, form, strength and quantity of the drug administered, the date and time administered and identification of the nurse or practitioner administering each drug dose. Entries for controlled substances shall be specially marked in a manner which allows for ready identification. Such records shall be filed in chronological order and kept for a period of three years.
(h) A complete and accurate record of all stocks of controlled substances on hand shall, on and after July 1, 1981, be prepared biennially within four days of the first day of May of the calendar year, except that a registrant may change this date provided the general physical inventory date of such registrant is not more than six months from the biennial inventory date, and kept on file for three years; and shall be made available to the commissioner or his authorized agents. The keeping of a record required by or under the federal Controlled Substances Act, or federal food and drug laws, containing substantially the same information as is specified above, shall constitute compliance with this section, provided each record shall in addition contain a detailed list of any controlled substances lost, destroyed or stolen, the kind and quantity of such substances and the date of the discovery of such loss, destruction or theft and provided such record shall be made available to the commissioner or his authorized agents. All records required by this chapter shall be kept on the premises of the registrant and maintained current and separate from other business records in such form as to be readily available for inspection by the authorized agent at reasonable times. The use of a foreign language, codes or symbols to designate controlled substances or persons in the keeping of any required record is not deemed to be a compliance with this chapter.
(i) Whenever any record is removed by a person authorized to enforce the provisions of this chapter or the provisions of the state food, drug and cosmetic laws for the purpose of investigation or as evidence, such person shall tender a receipt in lieu thereof and the receipt shall be kept for a period of three years.
(j) (1) The commissioner shall, within available appropriations, establish an electronic prescription drug monitoring program to collect, by electronic means, prescription information for schedules II, III, IV and V controlled substances, as defined in subdivision (9) of section 21a-240, that are dispensed by pharmacies and outpatient pharmacies in hospitals or institutions.) Each pharmacy and each outpatient pharmacy in a hospital or institution shall report to the commissioner, at least twice monthly,) The commissioner may contract with a vendor for purposes of electronically collecting such controlled substance prescription information. The commissioner and any such vendor shall maintain the information in accordance with the provisions of chapter 400j.
(4) The commissioner and any such vendor shall not disclose controlled substance prescription information reported pursuant to subdivision (2) of this subsection, except as authorized pursuant to the provisions of sections 21a-240 to 21a-283, inclusive. Any person who knowingly violates any provision of this subdivision or subdivision (3) of this subsection shall be guilty of a class D felony.
(5) The commissioner shall provide, upon request, controlled substance prescription information obtained in accordance with subdivision (2).
(6) The commissioner shall adopt regulations, in accordance with chapter 54, concerning the reporting, evaluation, management and storage of electronic controlled substance prescription information.
Sec. 2. (NEW) (Effective October 1, 2006) The Commissioner of Consumer Protection shall appoint a prescription drug monitoring working group for the purpose of advising the commissioner on the implementation of the electronic prescription drug monitoring program established pursuant to section 21a-254 of the general statutes, as amended by this act, including the adoption of regulations by the commissioner. Such advice shall include, but not be limited to, recommendations on how to effectively use the data collected pursuant to such program to detect fraud while protecting the legitimate use of controlled substances. The working group shall include, but not be limited to: (1) A physician, licensed pursuant to chapter 370 of the general statutes, specializing in internal medicine; (2) a board certified oncologist; (3) a person licensed to perform advanced level nursing practice activities pursuant to subsection (b) of section 20-87a of the general statutes; (4) a representative from an acute care hospital licensed pursuant to chapter 368v of the general statutes; (5) a state police officer appointed in accordance with section 29-4 of the general statutes; (6) a municipal police chief; (7) a representative from the Division of Criminal Justice; (8) a representative from a hospice licensed by the Department of Public Health or certified pursuant to 42 USC 1395x; (9) a pain management specialist, as defined in section 38a-492i of the general statutes; (10) a pharmacist licensed pursuant to section 20-590, 20-591 or 20-592 of the general statutes; and (11) a representative from the Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services.
Sec. 3. (NEW) (Effective October 1, 2006) A pharmacist licensed pursuant to chapter 400j of the general statutes or his or her agent shall require the presentation of valid photographic identification prior to releasing a controlled substance to any person not known to such pharmacist. The provisions of this section shall not apply in an institutional setting or to a long-term care facility, including, but not limited to, an assisted living facility or a hospital.
Approved June 6, 2006
<|endofexample|>
House Bill No. 5668 House Bill No. 5668 PUBLIC ACT NO. 98-95 AN ACT REDUCING THE FEE CHARGED FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE CHECKS ISSUED TO THE COMMISSIONER OF MOTOR VEHICLES. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Assembly convened: Subsection (f) of section 14-50 of the general statutes, as amended by section 2 of public act 97-1, is repealed and the following is substituted in lieu thereof: (f) Whenever any check issued to the commissioner in payment of any fee is returned as uncollectible, the commissioner shall charge the drawer of such check or the person presenting such check to him a fee of [thirty-six] FIFTEEN dollars for each such check which is drawn in an amount of not more than one hundred dollars, [and thirty-six] FIFTEEN per cent of the full amount of each such check which is drawn in an amount in excess of one hundred dollars BUT NOT MORE THAN TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS AND THIRTY-FIVE DOLLARS FOR EACH SUCH CHECK WHICH IS DRAWN IN AN AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS, plus all protest fees, to cover the cost of collection. Approved May 22, 1998
<|endofexample|>
The CGF Group relies on experienced teams of professionals whose major qualities are : discretion, expertise in their fields, availability and time-sensitive responsiveness.
Our teams are recognized throughout the region for their know-how in securities placement, financial analysis and their financial advice, which our professional customers have come to appreciate greatly. Our experts benefit from the latest technological tools that allow them to offer high-quality service to our clients.
CGF Bourse team :
<|endofexample|>
Chapter 2: Perl VariablesBefore you can proceed much further with Perl, you'll need some understanding of variables. A variable is justare all examples of scalar variable names. Here's how variables are used:
$foo = 1; $name = "Fred"; $pi = 3.141592;You do not need to declare a variable before using it; just drop it into your code. A scalar can hold data of any type, be it a string, a number, or whatnot. You can also drop scalars into double-quoted strings:
$fnord = 23; $blee = "The magic number is $fnord.";Now if you print
$blee, you will get "The magic number is 23."
Let's edit first.pl again and add some scalars to it:
#!/usr/bin/perl $classname = "CGI Programming 101"; print "Hello there. What is your name?\n"; $you = <STDIN>; chomp($you); print "Hello, $you. Welcome to $classname.\n";
Source code: code:
Save, and run the script in the Unix shell. (This program will not work as a CGI.) This time, the program will prompt you for your name, and read your name using the following line:
$you = <STDIN>;STDIN is standard input. This is the default input channel for your script; if you're running your script in the shell, STDIN is whatever you type as the script runs.
The program will print "Hello there. What is your name?", then pause and wait for you to type something in. (Be sure to hit return when you're through typing your name.) Whatever you typed is stored in the scalar variable
$you. Since
$youalso contains the carriage return itself, we use
chomp($you);to remove the carriage return from the end of the string you typed in. The following print statement:
print "Hello, $you. Welcome to $classname.\n";
substitutes the value of
$youthat you entered. The "\n" at the end if the line is the perl syntax for a carriage return.
ArraysAn array stores a list of values. While a scalar variable can only store one value, an array can store many. Perl array names are prefixed with an at-sign (@). Here is an example:
@colors = ("red","green","blue");
In Perl, array indices start with 0, so to refer to the first element of the array @colors, you use $colors[0]. Note that when you're referring to a single element of an array, you prefix the name with a $ instead of the @. The $-sign again indicates that it's a single (scalar) value; the @-sign means you're talking about the entire array.
If you wanted to loop through an array, printing out all of the values, you could print each element one at a time:
#!/usr/bin/perl # this is a comment # any line that starts with a "#" is a comment. @colors = ("red","green","blue"); print "$colors[0]\n"; print "$colors[1]\n"; print "$colors[2]\n";Or, a much easier way to do this is to use the foreach construct:
#!/usr/bin/perl # this is a comment # any line that starts with a "#" is a comment. @colors = ("red","green","blue"); foreach $i (@colors) { print "$i\n"; }For each iteration of the foreach loop, Perl sets $i to an element of the @colors array - the first iteration, $i is "red". The braces {} define where the loop begins and end, so for any code appearing between the braces, $i is set to the current loop iterator.
Array FunctionsSince an array is an ordered list of elements, there are a number of functions you can use to get data out of (or put data into) the list:
@colors = ("red","green","blue","cyan","magenta","black","yellow"); $elt = pop(@colors); # returns "yellow", the last value # of the array. $elt = shift(@colors); # returns "red", the first value # of the array.In these examples we've set $elt to the value returned, but you don't have to do that - if you just wanted to get rid of the first value in an array, for example, you'd just shift(@arrayname). Both shift and pop affect the array itself, by removing an element; in the above example, after you pop "yellow" off the end of @colors, the array is then equal to ("red", "green", "blue", "cyan", "magenta", "black"). And after you shift "red" off the front, the array becomes ("green", "blue", "cyan", "magenta", "black").
You can also add data to an array:
@colors = ("green", "blue", "cyan", "magenta", "black"); push(@colors,"orange"); # adds "orange" to the end of the # @colors array@colors now becomes ("green", "blue", "cyan", "magenta", "black", "orange").
@morecolors = ("purple","teal","azure"); push(@colors,@morecolors); # appends the values in @morecolors # to the end of @colors@colors now becomes ("green", "blue", "cyan", "magenta", "black", "orange", "purple", "teal","azure").
Here are a few other useful functions for array manipulation:
@colors = ("green", "blue", "cyan", "magenta", "black"); sort(@colors) # sorts the values of @colors # alphabetically@colors now becomes ("black", "blue", "cyan", "green", "magenta" ). Note that sort does not change the actual values of the array itself, so if you want to save the sorted array, you have to do something like this:
@sortedlist = sort(@colors);The same thing is true for the
reversefunction:
@colors = ("green", "blue", "cyan", "magenta", "black"); reverse(@colors) # inverts the @colors array@colors now becomes ("black", "magenta", "cyan", "blue", "green" ). Again, if you want to save the inverted list, you must assign it to another array.
$#colors # length-1 of the @colors array, or # the last index of the arrayIn this example, $#colors is 4. The actual length of the array is 5, but since Perl lists count from 0, the index of the last element is length - 1. If you want the actual length of the array (the number of elements), you'd use the
scalarfunction:
scalar(@colors); # the actual length of the arrayIn this case,
scalar(@colors)is equal to 5.
join(", ",@colors) # joins @colors into a single # string separated by the # expression ", "@colors becomes a single string: "black, magenta, cyan, blue, green".
HashesA hash is a special kind of array - an associative array, or paired group of elements. Perl hash names are prefixed with a percent sign (%), and consist of pairs of elements - a key and a data value. Here's how to define a hash:
Hash Name key value %pages = ( "fred", "", "beth", "", "john", "" );Another way to define a hash would be as follows:
%pages = ( fred => "", beth => "", john => "" );The => operator is a synonym for ", ". It also automatically quotes the left side of the argument, so enclosing quotes are not needed.
This hash consists of a person's name for the key, and their URL as the data element. You refer to the individual elements of the hash with a $ sign (just like you did with arrays), like so:
$pages{'fred'}In this case, "fred" is the key, and $pages{'fred'} is the value associated with that key - in this case, it would be "".
If you want to print out all the values in a hash, you'll need a foreach loop, like follows:
foreach $key (keys %pages) { print "$key's page: $pages{$key}\n"; }This example uses the
keysfunction, which returns an array consisting only of the keys of the named hash. One drawback is that
keys %hashnamewill return the keys in random order - in this example,
keys %pagescould return ("fred", "beth", "john") or ("beth", "fred", "john") or any combination of the three. If you want to print out the hash in exact order, you have to specify the keys in the foreach loop:
foreach $key ("fred","beth","john") { print "$key's page: $pages{$key}\n"; }Hashes will be especially useful when you use CGIs that parse form data, because you'll be able to do things like $FORM{'lastname'} to refer to the "lastname" input field of your form.
Let's write a simple CGI using the above hash, to create a page of links:
#!/usr/bin/perl # # the # sign is a comment in Perl %pages = ( "fred" => "", "beth" => "", "john" => "" ); print "Content-type:text/html\n\n"; print <<EndHdr; <html><head><title>URL List</title></head> <body bgcolor="#ffffff"> <p> <h2>URL List</h2> <ul> EndHdr foreach $key (keys %pages) { print "<li><a href=\"$pages{$key}\">$key</a>\n"; } print <<EndFooter; </ul> <p> </body> </html> EndFooter
Source code: code:
Working example: example:
Call it urllist.cgi, save it, and change the permissions so it's executable. Then call it up in your web browser. You should get a page listing each person's name, hotlinked to their actual URL.
Chapter 3 will expand this concept as we look at environment variables and the GET method of posting forms.
Hash FunctionsHere is a quick overview of the Perl functions you can use when working with hashes.
delete $hash{$key} # deletes the specified key/value pair, # and returns the deleted value exists $hash{$key} # returns true if the specified key exists # in the hash. keys %hash # returns a list of keys for that hash values %hash # returns a list of values for that hash scalar %hash # returns true if the hash has elements # defined (e.g. it's not an empty hash)Resources
Visit for source code and links from this chapter.
<|endofexample|>
By Tom Rittman, Theretailequation.com
The holiday season is often considered the most wonderful time of year, but as retail sales soar, so do returns. And don’t be fooled by a seemingly valid receipt. Savvy fraudsters know how to prey on holiday cheer costing retailers thousands of dollars in fraudulent returns and exchanges.
The printed receipt is often the primary credential that confirms a return transaction’s integrity, but it doesn’t eliminate fraud. In fact, even the best POS systems with centralized receipt databases are vulnerable to improper use of receipts that appear legitimate. Here are nine ways consumers cheat with a seemingly valid receipt that retailers need to watch out for this holiday shopping season:
1. Renting/Wardrobing: Buying merchandise for short-term use with intent to return, such as video cameras for weddings, big-screen TVs for a Super Bowl game, or a dress for a special occasion is a form of fraud. Return abuse — excessive violation of a retailer’s return policies — is often viewed subjectively. No one wants to deter a good shopper, but at some point a person’s returns overwhelm the value of his/her purchases and send that customer into a negative margin situation.
2. Shoplifting with a receipt: Many thieves will shoplift with intent to return for full retail price. The classic example is when the fraudster makes a purchase, takes the item to his/her car, returns to the store immediately with receipt in hand, selects another of the same item from the shelf and proceeds to the return counter claiming he/she “changed his/her mind.” The receipt is valid and the return looks legitimate, but you’ve essentially paid this person for keeping your merchandise.
3. Returning old/damaged merchandise: The process for consumers is simple: buy to replace old/broken item, keep new, return old. This system uses the retailer to keep personal items “up-to-date” at the retailer’s cost.
4. Shoplisting: Also known as “shoplifting using found receipts,” fraudsters shoplist by using a discarded or stolen valid receipt as a shopping list to find items in a retail store and return them for a refund.
5. Employee theft: Associates can usually find a valid receipt in the POS system to return items.
6. Reselling: Another simple process for fraudsters: purchase, sell elsewhere, return unsold. In this case, the retailer is being used for free inventory.
7. Tender liquidation: Consumers may buy on one form of tender (maybe even a stolen credit card) and exchange once or several times to switch to merchandise credit, which becomes saleable in an online marketplace. They also may return with small additional cash outlay to finally return products for cash.
8. Price Arbitrage: This process consists of buying differently priced, similar-looking items and returning the cheaper one as the expensive item.
9. Fake receipts: There are fake receipt websites that thieves can use to duplicate or forge receipts, costing retailers thousands of dollars.
With some strategic planning prior to the holiday shopping season, retailers can effectively identify and reduce fraudulent returns and exchanges to help increase their holiday bottom line. Consider a return-authorization solution which enables retailers to rely on objective, verifiable data to determine whether a return is valid, rather than relying on subjective observations and guesswork by sales clerks. This objectivity approves all legitimate returns and ensures that only those with highly suspect return-and-exchange behavior are affected.
Tom Rittman is VP of marketing for The Retail Equation, a leader in optimizing retailers’ revenue and margin by shaping behavior in every customer transaction. The company’s solutions use predictive analytics to turn each individual shopper visit into a more profitable experience. For more information, visit Theretailequation.com.
More Web Exclusives/Guest Commentaries
<|endofexample|>
Practice Areas: Partner in the Equity and Debt Markets Group. Ben is experienced in a wide range of equity, equity-linked and debt issues in the international capital markets. Areas covered include convertible and exchangeable bonds, share issues and block trades, regulatory capital, bonds, medium term note programmes and associated listing and regulatory rules and regulations.
<|endofexample|>
The typical local cuisine of the Relais and Châteaux Hameau Albert Premier. In our exact reconstruction Savoyarde farmhouse, discover an authentically alpine cuisine, developed with finesse and inventiveness.
In Summer,enjoy a buffet of hors d'oeuvres on the terrace facing Mont Blanc. Afternoon tea room.
Number of covers120
Opening timesFrom 06/20 to 11/04/12 : open daily except on Mondays.
From 12/12/12 to 06/02/13 : open daily except on Mondays.
From 06/19 to 11/03/13 : open daily except on Mondays.
Associated pages :» Hôtel le Hameau Albert 1er
» Quartz bar - Hameau Albert 1er
» Bachal - Hameau Albert 1er
» Restaurant Albert 1er
Situation
On our social networks
<|endofexample|>
The Power of Small: Entrepreneurs Strengthening Local Economies
A propos de ce défi
Le Défi
Winners announced!
The four winning entries, selected by the Changemakers online community, represent the most innovative strategies that help emerging entrepreneurs and small businesses grow and thrive in underserved communities. The winners will each receive a comprehensive capital, technology and promotion package from SAP – including a cash prize of US $10,000 and a technology donation to optimize performance and scale-up operations.
Read about their solutions below. As always, we welcome your continued feedback on all entries.
For questions about the competition, email connect@changemakers.com. Be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook to receive regular updates and to give us your feedback.
Welcome Letter
With economies around the globe coping with uncertain growth and volatility, underserved communities have become increasingly vulnerable to unemployment, talent flight, capital scarcity, and poverty.
Entrepreneurship has the potential to breathe life into struggling local economies by creating sustainable jobs, fueling economic growth, and mobilizing a wealth of untapped community assets. Because they are deeply connected to local resources and needs, small businesses and emerging entrepreneurs have an unmatched ability to leverage the core competencies of their region, while respecting society’s needs and operating in a responsible and sustainable manner.
Entrepreneurs’ resourcefulness and drive can create sustainable local economies that are vibrant, inclusive, and resilient, and ultimately spur the growth of a larger national or even global market. Despite the significant value they create, emerging entrepreneurs and small businesses often lack the infrastructure they need to reach their full potential and create an even greater impact on society.
To tackle this critical challenge, SAP and Ashoka Changemakers invite you to participate in a global competition: The Power of Small: Entrepreneurs Strengthening Local Economies.
The competition seeks organizations and partnerships that have innovative strategies to help emerging entrepreneurs and small businesses grow and thrive in underserved communities. All finalists will be invited to the SAP SAPPHIRE NOW Conference in Madrid, Spain from November 13-15, 2012, where four winners will be announced. Winners will receive a comprehensive capital, technology and promotion package, which includes a cash prize of US $10,000, a technology donation to optimize performance and scale operations, and promotion and networking opportunities with SAP executives and SAP customers at the SAP SAPPHIRE NOW Conference.
Potential solutions include those that:
- Fulfill the talent needs of small businesses by developing the competencies of underserved job seekers and connecting them to local jobs;
- Build the capacity of emerging entrepreneurs to enable them to scale their businesses;
- Link small businesses to larger supply chains or government resource pipelines;
- Unlock growth financing for established small businesses;
- Facilitate the collaboration of government, nonprofit, and private-sector entities to provide infrastructures that support small business and entrepreneurial growth;
- Help small businesses carry out environmentally and socially-responsible business practices.
Does your organization provide leadership training for women entrepreneurs? Are you filling the “missing middle” with collateral-free and patient loans for small businesses? Have you launched an incubator that helps local startups grow? Then we want to hear from you!
Help the world run better and improve people’s lives. Support entrepreneurship and thriving local economies by entering your solution or nominating one today!
Guidelines, Criteria & Prizes
>> Guidelines
Who Should Enter
- The competition is open to all organizations and partnerships from around the world.
- Solutions should reflect the theme of the challenge — The Power of Small: Entrepreneurs Strengthening Local Economies —and demonstrate impact within an underserved community or population.
- Entrants should indicate growth beyond the conceptual stage and have demonstrated impact and sustainability.
- We can only accept your entry in English, Spanish, Portuguese, or French.
Why You Should Enter
- Connect with Ashoka Changemakers’ global online community of social entrepreneurs, investors, and enthusiasts, who support the impact you are making on the ground.
- Gain visibility with our community and our competition partner, SAP.
- A chance to win!
What You Can Win
- One of four US$10,000 cash prizes in unrestricted funding to boost your project.
- A technology donation to optimize performance and scale operations from SAP, the world’s market leader in enterprise application software.
- The opportunity to discuss your solution with SAP executives and high profile customers at the SAP SAPPHIRE NOW Conference in Madrid, Spain from November 13-15, 2012.
- One of two early-entry US$500 cash prizes and an advisory session (if you enter before July 25, 2012).
How to Enter
- Take a look at this video or read these step-by-step instructions.
- Read these tips about how to make your entry stand out.
- Please complete the entry form in its entirety and submit by the deadline, 6 p.m. EST on September 5, 2012.
>> Criteria
Winners of The Power of Small: Entrepreneurs Strengthening Local Economies will be those that best meet the following criteria:
Innovation
This is the knock-out test; if the work is not innovative, the judges will not give it a high ranking. The entrant must describe an innovative solution that helps small businesses and entrepreneurs grow and thrive in underserved communities.. Entries should explain how the solution measures social impact through both quantitative and qualitative data. The best solutions will have demonstrated impact, as well as the potential for scaling-up and replication.
Sustainability
For an idea or program to be truly effective, it must have a plan to exist and grow well into the future—a plan to sustain itself. Innovations will be judged on their long-term vision for increasing impact and creating lasting change. Entries should describe how they are currently financing their work, and how they plan to finance their work in the future. The most successful entrants go beyond discussing whether or not they will charge for services and describe a business plan. They should also demonstrate that they have strong partnerships and support networks to address on-going needs, and to aid in scalability and the maintenance of a clear financial strategy.
>> Competition Deadlines, Procedures, and Rules
Online competition submissions are accepted until 6 p.m. EST on September 5, four main phases in the competition:
Entry Stage
Beginning June 20, 2012, entries can be submitted until 6 p.m. EST on September 5, 2012, and throughout this stage anyone can participate in an online review discussion with the entrants.
- Early Entry Deadline, July 25, 2012: Entries received by 6 p.m. EST on July 25, 2012 are eligible for the Early Entry prize.
- Entry Deadline: September 5, 2012, 6 p.m. EST
Online Review and Finalist Selection
September 5 – October 17, 2012: Online review and discussion continues. Simultaneously, a team of Ashoka staff and shortlisters, followed by a panel of expert judges, nominate the 10-15 best and most innovative entries as finalists.
Voting and Winners Selection
October 22 – November 2, 2012: The Changmakers community votes online to select four winners from the field of finalists.
Winners Announced
November 13: Four winners will each receive a comprehensive capital, technology and promotion package from SAP, which includes a cash prize of US $10,000, a technology donation to optimize performance and scale operations, and promotion and networking opportunities with SAP executives and SAP customers at the SAP SAPPHIRE NOW Conference from November 13-15, 2012.
>> Prizes
Early Entry Prizes
Early entries received by July 25, 2012 will be eligible to win one of two cash prizes of US $500 and an advisory session with field experts. Being an Early Entry Prize winner does not preclude you from winning the competition in any way, nor guarantee finalist status. All entries will be evaluated on an equal basis at the completion of the entry period according to the Changemakers criteria.
Grand Prizes
Four winners, as selected by the Ashoka Changemakers online community to best exemplify the competition assessment criteria from the pool of finalists, will each receive a comprehensive capital, technology and promotion package from SAP. This includes a cash prize of US $10,000, a technology donation to optimize performance and scale operations, and promotion and networking opportunities with SAP executives and SAP customers at the SAP SAPPHIRE NOW Conference from November 13-15, 2012.
Winners will be announced November.
<|endofexample|>
Register to Upload Your Video
Are you ready to make a difference for your classmates, school and community? Please enter your information below and review our privacy policy, official rules and terms and conditions.
This contest is open to all students, teachers, and filmmakers in the state of Washington. The categories for each contest are Elementary, Middle/Junior High School, and High School.
Read the video guidelines.
<|endofexample|>
Garth Stein
HarperCollins Publishers Ltd
|
October 19, 2010
|
Trade Paperback
Enzo knows he is different from other dogs: a philosopherwith a
nearly human soul (and an obsession with opposablethumbs), he has
educated himself by watching televisionand listening carefully to
the words of his master, Denny Swift,an up-and-coming race car
driver. Now in his twilight years,Enzo finds himself thinking back
on his life with the Swift family,reflecting on all he has learned
about the human conditionand how life, like racing, is about so
much more than simplygoing fast.
was
$16.99
Member Price
or,
Used from $5.04
See if this item is available in a store near you.
* Prices may vary in store
This product is not available in stores.
Only show stores with stock
STORE
ADDRESS
QTY AVAILABLE
by Garth Stein.
Format: Trade Paperback
Published: October 19, 2010
Publisher: HarperCollins Publishers Ltd
Language: English
ISBN - 10: 1443404969
ISBN - 13: 9781443404969.
<|endofexample|>
When Burwell's Stone Fire Grill announced their "Ladies Steakhouse" a month or so ago, few could resist making snarky jokes about feminized steaks, us included. After all, a quote from an early edition of the restaurant's website didn't quite hit the mark: “This steakhouse is not designed exclusively for females. Rather, it is best explained with one simple word….’Lingerie.’ Both men and women love it!”
Burwell's owners tasked themselves with "bringing the steakhouse into the 21st century" and creating the "next generation" steakhouse. "Approachable" was their word and appealing to women was their method. The press's reception of the concept was skeptical; curious, at best.
The restaurant has since downplayed the focus on the ladies, favoring instead words like "approachable" to describe everything from steaks and decor to Chef Eric Huff's take on shrimp and grits.
It's easy to make jokes about the original concept and, more seriously, to question whether stereotyping women is a wise marketing strategy. Really, Burwell's should have seen it coming, especially after the national “Bic For Her” fiasco, which ended up getting the pen company blasted for its female-specific ballpoint design with feminine colors and a smaller barrel fit for lady hands.
At the end of the day, they didn't really have to tell us they were softening the steakhouse model to appeal to chicks. After attending the restaurant's grand opening a couple weeks ago, I think it's clear Burwell's has done a fine job updating the masculine image of the traditional steakhouse. Burwell's has plenty of interesting elements that don't necessarily have to be tied to gender stereotypes.
For one, the overall atmosphere is impressive. They have created a space for socializing where people can "see and be seen" a term frequently used by co-owner Ken Emery. The open design lends itself to mingling and there are plenty of nooks for intimate dinners. Social areas include a long bar, a lounge area beside the VIP wine room, a community table, and a secluded two-top for private dining. The main dining area features curved booths that open toward other tables, allowing dinner parties to be a part of the buzz.
Textures and colors have a big-city aesthetic. Restored 1894 wood paneling rises from the first floor into the loft area, and exposed beams add a gritty charm. Sleek tables and chairs were crafted by one of the co-owner's brothers, and the lamps are made from blown glass. On an initial walk-through, Emery said the design intended to be sophisticated and electric, contrasting cool and warm colors in a muted fire-and-water motif.
A large art installment downstairs was constructed by a friend of Emery's, who borrowed the co-owner's bike to scavenge pieces of wood. Emery says this kind of "street art" is part of what makes Burwell's approachable. He notes that the goal of Burwell's is to never be more sophisticated than the guest, which means the art on the walls should be something that feels affordable to the patrons themselves.
The menu takes a seasonal approach with local seafood and contemporary American cuisine while the bar menu boasts traditional drinks from the 1800s. A 1,400-degree wood-fired grill fronts the exposed kitchen, and they'll use 700-degree stones for searing steaks tableside.
Burwell's aims to combat the male exclusivity with a design that "integrates modern stylings with traditional Charleston decor and masculine and feminine, emphasizing a welcoming atmosphere that is appealing to all." In addition, the menu is described as "offering steaks in a variety of cuts to suit men as well as the women." The line between appealing to female customers and offending them is a thin one, but overall, Burwell's seems to have gotten the message loud and clear that the idea of a ladies steakhouse is not only prone to jokes, but probably offensive to many women who feel just as capable of eating a giant T-bone as the next guy. So despite the initial blunders, Burwell's should be commended for adapting. If the restaurant continues to focus on "approachability" rather than femininity, Burwell's should very well succeed, which we're sure was the goal all along.
The restaurant is located at 14 N. Market and is open daily for dinner and late night, with happy hour every weekday from 4-7 p.m. They are hosting a preview dinner this week, so expect our food report later.
Showing 1-7 of 7
<|endofexample|>
Perfect for July 4th - Burger Grill
Posted: Friday, Jun. 29,.
With grilling season here, even if a little too hot outside, the time has come to get outside and grill. Nothing is more popular to grill than hamburgers. Sounds easy enough, however there are some tips that will ensure burger success.Choosing the type of meat to use is the single most important factor to a great hamburger. Although burgers can be made with various types of meats, the most common is beef. There are many variables to consider when deciding on the type of beef to use, but the fat content of the beef is the most important. Ground sirloin is very tender and has a thin marbling of fat running through it, which is the perfect combination. Ground chuck is a great alternative. It also has a great marbling of fat and is usually less expensive than ground sirloin. The percentage of fat is noted on the package of all ground meat products, the best fat/meat ratio for hamburgers is 80/20, meaning that it is 20% fat and 80% meat.Patties should be portioned into equal sizes for grilling consistency. Gently press when forming patties or the hamburgers will be compact and dense. Make the center of the patty a little thinner. This will prevent the burger from being over plump as they cook and allow them to become rounded and thicker in the middle, making it harder to cook to the proper done-ness.Seasoning should be simple and generous, good kosher salt and fresh cracked pepper is all you need. Whether grilling on gas or charcoal, use a medium high and direct heat, meaning the flame or fire should be directly under the hamburgers.The most common mistake while grilling hamburger is the urge to want to move them or flip them. Once you place the burgers on the grill let them cook for at least 2 to 3 minutes before attempting to turn or flip.The perfect burger is charred on the outside while remaining juicy on the inside. If you practice these techniques, you soon will be a burger master.Chipotle Pimento Cheese & Bacon Double Decker BurgersMakes 4 Stuffed Burgers2 pounds ground chuck or ground sirloin
4 each, hamburger bun, 4 diameter
Kosher salt, black pepper, to taste
8 slices, thick sliced bacon, cut in half, cooked and drained
2 cups romaine lettuce, shredded, very thin sliced by hand
1 each, red onion, cut into 4 thick pieces
1 each, roma tomato, sliced thinPimento Cheese:
1 cup sharp cheddar cheese, grated
1 cup pepper jack cheese, grated
3 ounces cream cheese
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 teaspoon chipotle puree, canned in Adobo sauce, blend until smooth
Green onion, reserved bottoms, chopped very fine
3 tablespoons pimentos, choppedMix all ingredients for Pimento Cheese together to completely combine. Then cover and refrigerate.Preheat grill for direct heat grilling to medium high heat, about 475 degrees.Burgers:Divide meat into 8 equal portions, about 4 ounces each. Make thin round patties about 5 inches in diameter and season generously on both sides of patties. Lightly oil and season both sides of the onion slices, keeping each slice intact.Place patties and onions on grill over direct heat, cook untouched for 2 minutes and flip. Top each burger patty with equal portions of the chipotle pimento cheese and close lid. Cook until pimento cheese is melted and gooey, about 2 minutes. If burgers are done but the cheese hasnt melted, place burger on top shelf over indirect heat, until melted.Remove four burgers from the grill and place on a plate, top each burger with a slice of bacon (brake in half), top with remaining four burgers and remaining bacon. Remove the onions, keeping each slice intact. Lightly grill inside of buns.Add lettuce and tomato to the bottom bun, top with a stack of burgers, top with a slice of grilled onion, top bun and serve. * If double-decker burgers arent your thing, use an additional 4 buns.*Or make stuffed burgers by laying out four of the raw patties. Place a few tablespoons of the chipotle pimento cheese in the center, leaving an edge around the outer edge. Top each with the remaining four raw patties, seal by pinching edges together. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before grilling.
>.
<|endofexample|>
The Charter-a Group
Jet Hire | Helicopter Charter
Call today +44 (0)1737 823733
Private jets to rent or hire at Glagow. With easy access to and from the west coast providing easy access to Loch Lomand etc. With access to Jets and helicopters in Scotland we can position them at every opportunity. Helicopter hire is a quick and easy way to travel throughout Scotland and using a private jet to charter to and from Glasgow is an easy, convenient method of private travel for any number of passengers
Private Jet Hire and Helicopter Charter Glasgow
Charter a jet or hire a helicopter to Glasgow International Airport or Prestwick Glasgow provides a quick and stress method of travel if your needing to get to and from Glasgow without the stress of commercial flying. We provide private jet and helicopter quotes based on your requirements
Our goals are always to get you there safely and on time
We are available 24hrs a day to help
Call our operations team today on +44(0) 1737 823733
<|endofexample|>
Digital Camera Battery
CANON Battery
CANON LP-E5 Battery
High quality brand new CANON LP-E5 battery. This LP-E5 battery is a Li-Ion replacement battery, cheap discount CANON battery pack is also compatible with camera batteries. CANON LP-E5 camera battery is a rechargeable battery have a wide compatibility for digital cameras.You can rest assured of purchase.
CANON LP-E5 Battery + CANON LP-E5 battery charger Save More £ 1
Get a replacement CANON LP-E5 battery for your camera, we guarantee the LP-E5 battery meet or exceed original specifications, 100% compatible.Li-Ion replacement LP-E5 battery rechargeable battery pack for CANON digital cameras. The cheap discont replacement CANON camera battery is guaranteed to meet or exceed OEM CANON LP-E5 camera Battery specifications. Brand new, high quality, cheap price! Fast shipping, safe shopping!
Replacement CANON LP-E5 Camera Battery Tips
1. Do not modify or disassemble the battery for CANON LP-E5.
2. Do not expose cheap >LP-E5 battery to water or other moist/wet substances.
3. Do not incinerate or expose CANON LP-E5 camera battery to excessive heat, which may result in an exposure.
4. Avoid piercing, hitting, crushing or any abuse use of the LP-E5 battery.
5. Do not forget to take away your CANON LP-E5 battery from the device if you will not use it for a long time.
CANON LP-E5 Fits The Following Battery Code:
Canon LP-E5 Battery,
CANON LP-E5 Fits The Following Battery Fits Models:
Canon 450D Rebel Xsi Battery, Digital Rebel Xsi Battery, EOS 450
<|endofexample|>
.
Example: ninjatown review
<|endofexample|>
Subscribe to Chicago Consumers' CHECKBOOK for unbiased reports, customer reviews, and ratings on Dakota Watch and 89 other local watch repair shops.
"Whomever I call, it will be a firm that gets two checkmarks from Consumers’ CHECKBOOK. "
"[Consumers’ CHECKBOOK] takes no advertising, so there's no tainting the ratings."
As You Can See Below, Some Watch Repair Shops Get High Praise from Their Customers.Some Others Don't. So Choose Carefully.
Here Are a Few Samples of the Thousands of Comments CHECKBOOK Has Collected on Hundreds of Different Watch Repair Shops.
<|endofexample|>
Subscribe to Delaware Valley Consumers' CHECKBOOK for unbiased reports, customer reviews, and ratings on 58 local garage door installers.
 Garage Door Installers Get High Praise from Their Customers.Some Others Don't. So Choose Carefully.
Here Are a Few Samples of the Thousands of Comments CHECKBOOK Has Collected on Hundreds of Different Garage Door Installers.
<|endofexample|>
All in all it was a fun day and they walked away feeling far more educated and ready to make their cakes successfully...
A baking blog with the emphasis on instruction and fun! Lots of cakes, pastries, breads, cookies, pies and sweet treats with tips and recipes for the baking fan. Sometimes I will post on other foodies items since I am a true foodie and food is my life! Please feel free to comment! Being new at this blogging thing I need the feedback! And thanks for coming!
Tuesday,.
<|endofexample|>
Fort Worth Restaurants - Fine Dining
Shhh! Don’t tell anyone but we have a full-service bar that will be opening soon at Chef Point Café. What we thought we would do today is highlight several wines that will be on our wine list, and give you a couple suggestions of what foods go with those wines. So strap on your taste buds and get ready to be schooled in wines.
The Chateau Ste. Michelle Riesling comes from the vineyards in Washington State’s Columbia Valley. This wine delivers an unusual and very pleasing combination of sweet lime and peach with a slight touch of minerals in it, and it is perfect with our delicious Grilled Salmon, Grilled Sea Scallops or Lobster Bisque.
The Caposaldo Pinot Grigio is produced in the vineyards of Northeast Italy and has a light straw color with a very pleasing bouquet of white fruit and apple. Toss in a hint of acacia blossoms and almonds and you have a great taste treat that goes well with the Salmon Piccatta or Shrimp Pasta.
The Kendall Jackson Chardonnay is a great buttery chardonnay that has a hint of melons, honeysuckle and lemon oil and would pair well with our Mussels, and the Nobilo Sauvignon Blance has high acidity that lends to a great grapefruit flavor and would be a great addition to the creaminess of our Crab Cakes.
And why are we bothering you with this information? Education of course; part of the fun and enticement of drinking fine wines is knowing what foods to pair them with. The perfect blend of wine and food is one of life’s true pleasures and hopefully by giving you a brief description and recommendation you will be able to enjoy your meals that much more. And listen, anything that makes the incredible meals prepared by Chef Franson that much better is a good thing, right?
In a soon-to-be written article we will highlight other wines that you will be tasting at Chef Point Café, namely the Blackstone Merlot, the Parducci Pinot Noir, the Diseno Malbec and the Estancia Cabernet Sauvignon, all reds of great body and distinction.
The best family restaurant in Fort Worth is getting better. Drop by and see the changes for yourself but bring your appetites.
<|endofexample|>
On-line Shopping
Please shop our on line catalog store.
You can shop, add items to our shopping cart and an email will be sent to us so that we can call you back and place an order. Thank you!
Please browse our mini catalog by clicking on the image below: To place an order please call either 813-985-8870 or 800-226-9645 and ask for customer service.
Current Specials
To see our current specials, click on the images below
<|endofexample|>
Experimental
Report Cover
Computational
Report Cover
Our research contributes to new advances in Chemical Engineering
and to better
understanding of existing processes such as pulp dewatering, "on-off"
membranes
and metallocene catalysts for making polymers. Our faculty and graduate
students are involved in a wide variety of research areas because chemical
engineering is an incredibly broad discipline.
You will find that research interests
span a diverse area. The research summaries
of the individual faculty members will point out the many interactions,
breadth and depth
of the research activity within the department.
There are also five University recognised research
centres within the department, which
are world renowned as centres of excellence in polymer design and production,
pulp and paper,
and process control.
<|endofexample|>
In the win over Talladega, Audrianna Hargitt led the Lady Tigers (23-16) with nine digs, seven kills, two blocks and an ace. Hannah Leach added seven kills, four aces and three digs. Brooke Wood contributed 12 assists, four digs, two aces and a kill.
Paige Bryant had 10 digs, an ace and a kill. Abby Storey came away with six digs and five aces. Marigrace Wilson posted four kills, three digs and a block. Jasmine Adams finished with a kill, a dig, an ace and an assist.
In the loss to Donoho, Hargitt had eight digs and four kills. Storey managed seven digs, two aces and an assist. Leach came away with four digs, three kills and an ace. Wood tallied four assists and a dig.
Raveen McElrath contributed four digs and a pair of aces. Bryant had seven digs and a kill. Adams added two digs, two assists and a kill. Wilson finished with a kill and a block.
<|endofexample|>
The former Cherokee County Warrior second baseman recently signed a scholarship to play baseball for Concordia College in Selma. He reports to the school next Wednesday.
“It feels great,” Covington said. “Going to college to further my education and getting to play ball is just the best feeling in the world. I’ve been working hard for this. Just to be able to play at the next level is wonderful.”
Covington was the Warriors’ (8-16) leadoff hitter last season. He batted .242 with five doubles, a triple, 13 runs and nine RBIs. He also had six stolen bases.
Warrior coach Jim Garmany said Covington could play just about anywhere because he’s such a talented athlete. He tried to utilize his talent at the top of the Warrior lineup.
“He’s got a lot of speed,” Garmany said. “He understands the game and can make things happen as far as putting bunts down and getting on so guys can drive him in. I’m glad he’s going to have the opportunity to go on and continue playing. He’s deserving of it. He works hard and really loves the game. I think he’ll be a good addition to Concordia.”
Covington said the Hornets have recently restarted their baseball program. He’s thrilled to be a part of helping build it.
“I like the school and I like the coaches,” Covington said. “They’ve told me freshmen are welcome, and that there’s always going to be a spot open, so I’m just going to work hard and try to earn a position. I want to be able to grow with them throughout my career and help them get back on track in baseball.”
<|endofexample|>
Spring Garden senior offensive/defensive lineman BJ Turner signed a football scholarship with Faulkner University on Wednesday. Sitting from left is Renee Turner (mother), BJ Turner and Jeff Turner (father). Standing from left is Spring Garden coach Jason Howard, Jenna Stewart, Heather Lamar, Kelsey Turner, Margaret (Mot-Mot) Jones (grandmother) and Spring Garden principal Mike Welsh.
Just days before the Panthers' jamboree last season, Turner tore the ACL in his left knee and needed surgery to repair it. Through hard work and determination, Turner was back on the field a month later, helping the Panther running backs Forrest Livingston and Tyler Morgan post 1,000-yard seasons and leading them to their best season in school history (9-3).
Now, Turner's hard work and determination has paid off with a college scholarship.
On Wednesday, Turner realized his dream of playing college football by signing with Faulkner University in Montgomery. The 6-foot-3, 270-pounder also received interest from Troy University.
"Just getting the opportunity to play college football is a big deal, and now my lifelong dream of playing college football is coming true. I'm on cloud nine," Turner said. "When I found out I tore my ACL, I had numb feelings about it. I didn't know what my future entailed, but having the support of my team and this community, it really helped me to pursue our season last year and to try to do the best I could. It's worked out wonderfully for me, especially with the season we had."
For Spring Garden coach Jason Howard, Turner's signing makes him doubly proud.
"BJ and I are kin, so he's family," Howard said. "My wife (Christina) is first cousins with his mom (Renee), and that makes it a little more special because he is family. It's good to see that everything he's done has paid off. I'm tickled to death for him."
Turner and Howard both commended Faulkner for sticking with Turner even after his injury.
"Faulkner won me over because they took a chance with me," Turner said. "They said 'Hey, come over here and show us what you can do.' That's what won me over. They offered me three or four weeks into the season, and for them to stick with it, I respect them for it. I can't wait to play there. It's going to be great."
Howard said Faulkner was sold on Turner following a workout with the Eagles last summer.
"He went down and had a great camp," Howard said. "When they found out he had torn his ACL, they said they were going to honor their offer to him. I respect Faulkner's coaches. They left it up to him if he wanted to play, and he decided he was going to play through it. He missed a couple of games at the beginning of last season, but we got him through it slowly. From Week 5 on, he played solid for us."
Howard said Faulkner hasn't decided what position they will play Turner, but he feels Turner will make an impact with the Eagles no matter where they put him.
"They loved him at offensive tackle, but also at nose guard in their 3-5 (defense)," Howard said. "Either way, I think he's going to excel."
Turner called Wednesday's signing "bittersweet." He's sad to leave his high school days behind, but he's anxious to show Faulkner what he can do.
"It's weird to end one chapter and begin another, but at the end of the day, I've still got more years to play football. That's all I can ask," Turner said.
<|endofexample|>
:
The €10-12 million that Mr. Ilyumzhinov was referring to is the approximate total production cost, including prize funds, for one two-year cycle. For this I have to provide a rolling Letter of Credit plus $500,000 in cash to FIDE. We need a little bit of seed money that I will provide to handle cash flow; beyond that, I assume we will be profitable.
Especially this answer was screaming for a follow-up question, don't you think?
Paulson has a lot of experience, and is not scared of "thinking big". In talking about potential numbers that can be reached by chess, he says:
But, if you have those 300 live, plus 2,000,000 online, and soon another 10,000,000 on TV, with over 500,000,000 people playing chess at least from time to time, and another billion who generally regard chess as the epitome of intelligence, complexity and challenge, you can decouple the sponsorship from the finite audience of one event and offer a relationship with World Chess itself. Once again, we are not inventing anything new: simply looking at it from a different point of view, rigorously..
rajeshv
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
Absolutely agreed!
I don't quite understand what the "rolling letter of credit" entails. If I understand this correctly, the seed money is the amount that he is providing in hard cash. It is not clear what happens if sponsors are not found consistently to buy the "package" on offer. I guess the rolling letter of credit may have some details in this regard. Not sure when they are planning to release those details.
Also, I agree, based on known trends, the 2M/10M numbers appear to be way too much of an over-estimation. Aren't the current numbers for world championship match viewership online range in the 10's of 1000s? If you put all viewership across all sites, I would guess the max might be 100K. 2M is order of magnitude higher. I would be delighted to be proven wrong as well. :)
mishanp
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
There were other odd details in the interview:
"The theme of the first year is a European Tour: Moscow, London, Lisbon, Madrid, Paris and Berlin."
It would have been more reassuring if Paulson had said something about Tashkent and Chelyabinsk, which are supposed to be the only two venues for the Grand Prix this year (if they don't materialise the whole schedule needs to be scrapped again). Ilyumzhinov did mention Paris, Madrid and Lisbon for next year, though he said Vienna instead of Berlin (the logical inference is that nothing's yet been decided).
It was also interesting to see Paulson say that "the Azerbaijan and Bulgaria bids were rejected", while a previous version of events was that Azerbaijan won. Probably the details don't matter (unless Danailov follows through and takes FIDE to court), though it seems things are also a little vague concerning Azerbaijan's support for the London venue: "Nothing is final on that score."
Of course the positive general words aren't a problem as long as they're subsequently backed up by concrete action. It'd be nice if that happened for a change! :)
redivivo
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
It's funny that they keep making things up as they go in such an obvious way, just say Berlin or Vienna, that sounds nice and hopefully nobody will notice that they have no idea what will happen or that they said the same thing the previous time, with all Grand Prix events in "leading World cities" that turned out to translate to ex-Soviet cities only, for example Jermuk with 5000 inhabitants. Also funny that Paulson states that both Azerbaijan's and Bulgaria's bids were rejected and that he won with a bid that didn't even exist. Danailov stated that Azerbaijan and Bulgaria were the only bids, so how come someone else got the Candidates and who picked Radjabov and why?
Thomas
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
In a way, Azerbaijan both won and lost the bid. According to themselves they won because Radjabov gets the wildcard (which may have been the main objective or motivation); according to Paulson they lost because the event will not be held in Baku. Paulson didn't submit a 'proper' bid but came in as a sort of joker when both formal bids were problematic: Aronian clearly said that he won't play in Azerbaijan, Kramnik at least wouldn't like to play in Bulgaria.
On Peter's article or opinion piece: How did Paulson's other projects start? I guess, or it wouldn't surprise me if "many important aspects ... [were] unclear" at their onset. How detailed were his initial plans about "the online media company SUP which now [sic] consists of huge websites"?
Yes he thinks big, probably too big regarding size of the potential audience - but something like "currently 1000 people are watching on the Internet, let's make this 1200" wouldn't exactly be a marketing statement that attracts sponsors. There are three possibilities, the future will tell: success, failure or somewhere in between i.e. roughly maintaining the current status quo. Would the last be a glass half full or half empty?
Surrealism
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
All these inflated numbers for potential online/TV viewers just show how detached from reality people at FIDE are.
Here is a simple proof: scroll up and record how many people like chessvibes (a major chess news site) on facebook. Less than 3000 right? Now do the same for a major European football site (hint: around 1 million). That's not an accident.
Face it. Its depressing of course, but the crowd just doesn't care about chess.
Joe
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
Don't see what is so depressing about that to be honest. Does everything HAVE to be popular nowadays? :)
Niima
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
My bet is that this guy is a shady character. He looks after number one and would not invest in something unless he is sure to make a profit. There are things that he and Ilyumzhinov are not telling us.
Bobby Fiske
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
Despite Kirsan’s flirt with sheiks and despots, he never found someone willing to hand the chess world a cheque of $10.000.000,-. In lack of a sugar daddy, we have to look for a regular profitable business model. Kirsan administration has proven to be rather amateurish in this field, so appointing an outside professional and successful businessman is for the better.
I am slightly optimistic about Andrew Paulson. He gave FIDE $500.000 up front + the rolling Letter of Credit (L/C), which works like an irrevocable bank guarantee. He didn’t mention the amount or the terms of it, but I guess it’s a financial commitment for minimum, let’s say, another $500.000,-.
$1.000.000,- isn’t exactly pocket money. The guy is serious. He has to work hard to succeed. Right now he is probably working his ass to ensure participation from the top players, he is setting up meetings with possible sponsors and he is paying his programmers to develop a new generation kibitzing software with improved computer analyzes, guess-the-move, live video or whatever functionality.
You don’t need a capital base of $10.000.000,-to make a 2-year turnover of €10-12.000.000,-. Usually it’s enough to have a capital base of 1/10th or less. The remaining income is generated from the running business. -If it runs. If it doesn’t, it fails and goes bankrupt. That’s normal. Like I said, stop dreaming about a sugar daddy.
Paulson’s main expense is staging the tournaments. Selling tickets and kibitzers are a small source of income. Advertisements and sponsors are the big ones. Also selling a wild card ticket to the organizer is a well known source of financing a tournament, pioneered by no other than FIDE themselves. We have to accept that Mr Paulson also seeks this kind of funding. This is common practice in other sports too. (The organizer gets an extra team/player seeded in the tournament).
Let’s hope for a successful Candidates in London in October!
Niima
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
I hope you are right. I am thinking of backroom deals with Russian oligarchs, tax loops, using chess for money laundering schemes etc. And once he has milked the cow in a year or so, he will announce a disagreement with fide/Ilyumzhinov and pull out.
stevefraser
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
Paulson is a "glass half full" guy. After all, how could he put a positive spin on the apparent statement from the president of the world chess federation that he once played chess with aliens on their flying saucer.
RG
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
I feel very optimistic about Mr. Paulson, I think he could sell ice water to Eskimos! However I have a disagreement with the author of the article;
"Two million online and, wait, ten million on TV? Ehm, haven't we failed for years to get chess on TV, for the simple reason that the general audience does not understand chess?"
I neither play Poker, understand Poker strategy or care about Poker but when big money Poker events are televised, I find them fun to watch - because the way it is presented!
KL
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
I don't like the comparison to poker for a lot of reasons. First, you may not play poker or understand strategy, but if you are shown two hands, I suspect you know for certain which one is better. Second, poker is a game of incomplete information for the players, but not for us. When we watch as fans it's interesting (IMO) primarily because of the hole card cameras - we get a sort of voyeuristic power trip out of knowing someone is raising into an opponent holding the nuts for example.
Also, the stakes are much higher in televised poker - nearly all of those guys are playing for prizes around 1M USD or more. This leads into the last thing, which is that we have a much easier time imagining ourselves in the poker player's shoes, because in the short term, poker is still largely a game of luck where anybody can beat anybody else.
I'm a master at chess and a rank beginner at poker, but I guarantee I can finish ahead of Phil Ivey in a poker tournament more often than I finish ahead of Magnus in a chess tournament :)
RG
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
o.k. perhaps it never will be as exciting as poker tournaments but the World Championship is for a prize fund of a couple of million and for public consumption the highlights can be presented, along with a simplified explanation making it easy to understand for those who know little to nothing about chess. Here is what I consider a step in the right direction in presenting chess to the masses:
Anonymous
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
Oops, here is the up-to-date link:
Andre From Outkast
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
."
ROFLMFAO. He would have made a good comedian.
Bert de Bruut
1 year 2 months ago
Permalink
Entrepreneurs are never sure of success, but if they see an opportunity, they take the chance. It may all end in an abysmail failure when the cash doesn't start to flow as anticipated, and the entrepreneurs and investors decide to chop the bleeder, leaving the chessworld with the debris and damages. Since FIDE really can't go any lower than it already does, this possibility obviously was of no concern in there decision.
Your commentBy posting a comment you are agreeing to abide our Terms & Conditions
<|endofexample|>
Tag archive for ‘kippah’
Kippah Grip Redux
Not even trying to hide it, they both gaped in our direction with an enormously puzzled look on their faces. I saw the rest of this blog post coming: ‘Can I ask you a question? Do you know what you’re wearing on your head?’
<|endofexample|>
Assessing the Auto Recovery
Paul D. Ballew , William A. Strauss
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago recently held its Auto Outlook Symposium on June 3 in Detroit. Besides generating a consensus economic forecast, the meeting provides a forum for in-depth discussions on the economy and the auto industry. This year's meeting provided a profile of the surging activity in the industry as well as a critical assessment of its ongoing structural adjustments. Although rapid sales gains and the improved position of the domestic industry have significantly bolstered the regional and national economy, the optimism at the meeting was somewhat tempered. This Fed Letter reviews the highlights of the Auto Outlook Symposium and the extended outlook provided by participants.
<|endofexample|>
Getting the Picture
Savvy tips on choosing and buying art from one of the city’s top experts
(page 1 of 3)
Gil
<|endofexample|>
Learn about birds and their habitats while walking through the early springtime woods surrounding the Nature Center!
Join us at one of these seven parks to learn more about summer day camp and our financial assistance program.
Join us for a tour of the Chicago River that includes water testing and a habitat survey.
This 2-day event, May 18 & 19, offers more than 150 varieties of organically-grown vegetable, herb, and flower seedlings.
Cheer on local choirs as they participate in the Chicago Gospel Music Festival's Battle of the Chicago Gospel Choirs regional competition. May 18 at Austin Town Hall Park and June 1 at the Washington Park Fieldhouse.
Families can connect food from farm to table while purchasing plants to start their own organic garden.
Enjoy a dinner that brings the FAMILY together at Pottawattomie Park.
Senior Appreciation Day
Enjoy Wednesday evening fun in the park playing sports,arts & crafts and music.
Family Night Out
Come learn the rules of the road and then go on a bike parade.
Community Market Day.
Join us for a great evening as we highlight park programs
Enjoy a morning of Chicago’s best music, dance, or theater in a kid-friendly setting with Juicebox.
Come out to Northerly Island and have an adventure with the entire family. Explore a beautiful natural area right on Chicago's lakefront.
Bring a picnic and join us at the Humboldt Park Boathouse for the youth music event of the year!
Bring the entire family and enjoy a nutritionally balanced meal, cooking demonstrations, fun and games.
JazzCity: Jazz Cabaret: Frieda Lee Concert at Columbus Park Refectory
<|endofexample|>
By Elaine Woo, Los Angeles Times
August 24, 2012
In 1956, Terry "Tubesteak" Tracy, freshly fired from his job at a downtown insurance company, bid goodbye to the 9-to-5 life and headed for the Malibu shore, where he built himself a shack out of wood scraps and palm fronds and sailed into surfing history.
He was, according to surfing historian Matt Warshaw, a decent surfer, but his ticket to glory wasn't what he did on a board: It was the aesthetic he embraced. Tracy, better known by the nickname "Tubesteak," was the personification of the rebellious surf subculture that emerged in California in the late 1950s. He was an anti-authoritarian sage in Wayfarer shades and Madras shorts who made bumming on the beach the essence of cool and an irresistible draw for a girl he called Gidget.
An impresario of Malibu beach when it became the most famous surf break in the world, Tracy died Wednesday at his home in San Clemente of complications of diabetes, said his wife, Phyllis. He was 77.
Although he hadn't ridden the waves in decades, he was revered as an elder statesman of the surfing world, known in later years for the articles he wrote about the crazy parties and beach pranks that became, Surfer's Journal publisher Steve Pezman wrote this week in a tribute, "anthems to true surfer style."
The burly bohemian was holding court outside his Malibu shack in the summer of '56 when a petite teenager named Kathy Kohner wandered by to borrow a surfboard. Five feet tall and 95 pounds, she reminded Tracy of a teensy girl he once met who had been dubbed Gidget, a mash up of "girl" and "midget." Inspired by the memory, Tracy later said, he called Kohner that — and the name stuck.
When she told her screenwriter father, Frederick Kohner, about the characters she met on the beach, he turned her stories into a novel, "Gidget, the Little Girl with Big Ideas," published in 1957.
With the release of the 1959 movie, which starred Sandra Dee as the title character and featured Cliff Robertson as a Tracy-inspired shack-dweller named the Big Kahuna, the surfer lifestyle blazed by Tracy and others exploded into popular culture, giving rise to a slew of sequels ("Gidget Goes Hawaiian," "Gidget Goes to Rome"), musical groups like the Beach Boys, and a popular 1960s sitcom starring Sally Fields as the fun-and-sun-loving pixie.
Although Tracy claimed the distinction, Kohner isn't sure he was the first surfer to call her Gidget. "I didn't write it down in my diary, so it's up for grabs," she said Wednesday. But what is certain, she said, was that "we've lost one of the legends of Malibu. He just embodied surf culture." And unlike other Malibu regulars, he was kind to newcomers.
"Some of the surfers would bury my surfboard or disconnect the distributor in my car," recalled Kohner, who goes by her married name Zuckerman, "but Terry was always nice to me. I wanted to hang out at Tubesteak's shack, not at the pit with the hard-core surfers."
The son of a Shell oil company worker and a housewife, Tracy was born in Los Angeles on March 13, 1935, and graduated from Cathedral High School. A football player of some promise, he attended Santa Monica City College but, unable to resist the allure of the beach, dropped out after a year.
At 15 he was surfing regularly at San Onofre State Beach, where he met Miki Dora, whose graceful surfing style would make him a hero of the sport.
According to Tracy's wife, he received his colorful nickname from Dora, who died of cancer at 67 in 2002. Tracy gave various explanations for the name. Sometimes he said Tubesteak was slang for a hotdog, which in turn is slang for a showoff, which Tracy often was. Other times he said the name came from his working at a restaurant called Tubesteak's.
Regardless of the origin, it was, say those who knew him, the perfect moniker for a surfing chieftain with a wry sense of humor and flair for performance
In his book "The History of Surfing," Warshaw described how every afternoon at Malibu Tracy paddled into the crowded surf and waited for one long wave. Then he would mount his board and, with onlookers whistling and shouting their approval, strike a series of exaggerated poses, including a stiff-legged move with arms outstretched that he called the Royal Hawaiian.
Upon returning to the sand, "grinning like Falstaff," Warshaw wrote, "Tracy would stop and look up at his still-cheering audience, lift his chin and grandly raise a hand in acknowledgment."
When his show was over, he resumed his perch by the shack, where he plotted further antics. Most memorably, he once dressed up as Father Junipero Serra and rode down the beach on a donkey.
He left Malibu in the late 1950s after a lifeguard berated him for lighting a fire to melt wax for his board. By then he had a family to support and held a number of occupations over the years, including driving a truck and selling real estate.
He stopped surfing in 1980 when he developed a painful swelling in one of his feet. That was just as well, he told The Times several years later, when he moved to San Clemente, because "people over 40 who surf look stupid." He made San Onofre beach his hangout.
"Surfing didn't have a sense of humor until Terry came along," Warshaw said this week. "What Terry recognized was that having a good time was the point, not the byproduct, of surfing at the beach. He was the guy who was having the best time."
In addition to his wife of 54 years, Tracy is survived by seven children, Pamela Guinn, Jennifer Tracy, Jocelyn Graham, and Patrick, Michael, Jonathan and Moe Tracy, all of whom he taught to surf, and eight grandchildren.
<|endofexample|>
Breakaway Magazine - Vol. 2 (2009-10)
By Elizabeth Casey
Nathan Oystrick Has Been Holding On Tight During a Roller Coaster Year
By Justin Skelnik | Photos by Ross Dettman
Chicago Wolves Head Athletic Trainer Kevin Kacer lives by one motto when it comes to his job: always be prepared.
By Elizabeth Casey
Wolves center Matt Anderson has made the most of his opportunities with the Wolves.
<|endofexample|>
Tweet
The Cincinnati-based lender will refund $4.3 million to California borrowers who obtained a four-month installment loan online, according to a lawsuit filed by San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera.
Herrera alleges Check 'n Go engaged in an "illicit rent-a-bank scheme" that attempted to dodge California's maximum allowable annual interest rate of no more than 36 percent for that type of loan, according to a press release from his office. The lender reportedly offered installment loans of up to $1,500 with annual percentage rates exceeding 300 percent, "through a questionable arrangement with First Bank of Delaware."
Herrera also accuses Check 'n Go of making online installment loans to California consumers with interest rates as high as 400 percent.
Although the lender has not admitted wrongdoing, it agreed to pay restitution to people who are eligible, according to the suit. Claimants can receive between $20 to more than $4,600.
People who have received loans through the chain's stores do not qualify. Chico has a Check 'n Go at 118 W. East Ave.; Oroville has one at 1124 Oro Dam Blvd. E.
To make a claim, people must have obtained a four-month installment loan online through checkngo.com, ilp.fbdel.com or commandloans.com
Anyone seeking more information can call 1-855-581-2350 or.
<|endofexample|>
Got this dress at a thrift shop. It screamed cute with the wide shoulder straps, short hem line and all over tiny flower print.
The faded denim vest is DIY studded on the collar.
Vest: Zara
Dress: Thrift
Boots: Zara
Bag: Alexander
Rest of the pics on the blog – as always :- )
<|endofexample|>
Michael and his four younger brother and sisters watched in fear their father beat his mother. There was a lot of yelling and screaming. The next door neighbors heard the fighting and called the police. Michael watched the officers arrest his father and take his mother away in an ambulance.
There was no one to watch the children, so the officers took them to the Crisis Nursery. Michael was only 5 years old and very emotionally upset. All the children had been through such a traumatic time that they couldn’t eat or sleep. Michael’s mother had to be hospitalized for a week, so arrangements were made for the children to stay at the Crisis Nursery until she was released.
During that time, the nurse gave the children an initial health screening to make sure they were physically okay. They had arrived with only the clothes they wore, so the children were given clothing, socks, and shoes to wear and there were plenty of toys and activities to keep them busy.
The Nursery staff notified the school to let the teachers know the children were safe. As the days went by, the children began to calm down and become accustomed to the reassuring routine of the Nursery. The staff worked to keep the Nursery as calm as possible, and provided the extra care and attention that the children needed.
When Michael’s mother was released from the hospital, Michael and the children were able to return home. The Crisis Nursery outreach worker helped Michael’s mother to locate additional support services in the community, and also worked with her to help her find a job. The children returned to the Nursery several more times for short visits to give their mom a chance to catch up on her rest and to aid her recovery.
“At bedtime, Michael’s favorite thing to do was to pick out a different quilt each night, usually with cartoon characters on it, for his bed in the Nursery.” –Crisis Nursery Staff
Success Stories Archive
<|endofexample|>
An energy consumption cap, equivalent to no more than 4.2 billion tons of coal, may be set by 2015, an expert in the sector.
Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s)
<|endofexample|>
The Chevrolet Cruze is quite possibly the most anticipated car from Chevrolet this year, and is grabbing headlines in the Chinese automotive media quite frequently over the past few weeks.
In foreign markets, the Cruze is expected to replace the Daewoo Lacetti, which is usually badged as a Chevrolet for Euro markets, or Suzuki for the US market. However, it appears that in China the Chevrolet Cruze will sit below the Chevrolet Epica, but above the Chevrolet Aveo, and is unlikely to see service under the Buick brand, which will leave the Daewoo Lacetti badged as a Buick HRV in China. So, only a little complicated!
I saw this car I think whilst testing another car on a highway.
Cruze is the third-gen Lacetti(GM Daewoo J300); it is the new Lacetti, not its replacement.
Wrong. GM thought the Daewoo-based Lancetti was too poorly designed, thus, they are using the new, designed by OPEL, Delta II chassis for the new Cruze. It is not another Pinifarina/Daewoo collaborative design.
.
It was sold as the Optra in Japan, and it failed miserably. What a horrible car. Who’d buy such a car when you can get a Daihatsu Materia for a similar price? It’s only Â¥1m.
> they are using the new, designed by OPEL, Delta II chassis for the new Cruze. It is not another Pinifarina/Daewoo collaborative design.
.
.
“The new version of the Delta architecture, dubbed Delta II, is currently being prepared by GM-Daewoo.” -Wikipedia
.
Delta II is a GM Daewoo chassis, Cruze is a GM Daewoo engineered and designed vehicle launching first in Korea in November this year, full 6 montsh before it shows up in Europe and full one year before US launch.
In that case, GM must be trying to hide the shame of using such inferior engineering. Per GM’s press release, they dare not mention the stigma of being associated with the previous Delta platforms designed by GM Daewoo. One wonders why control was passed to Opel instead.
.
There’s no way the American/Korean compact cars will ever approach the level of quality and bang-for-the-buck that Japanese manufacturers can offer. No wonder the Chinese love to form JV to build Japanese cars. That’s why Corollas are all over the road, and the latest Corolla Premium is even coveted.
> Per GMâ€™s press release, they dare not mention the stigma of being associated with the previous Delta platforms designed by GM Daewoo. One wonders why control was passed to Opel instead.
Nope. Delta-1 was developed by Opel. Delta-2 is developed by GM Daewoo. Delta-1 and Delta-2 have nothing to do with each other, as Delta-2 is much bigger, big enough to underpin 2012 Saab 9-3, a new minivan, and Chevy Volt which is heavy due to its large battery weight.
GM Car Platform
Gamma-2(Subcompact) : GM Daewoo
Delta-2(Compact) : GM Daewoo
Epsilon-2(Mid-size) : Opel
Zeta(Full-size RWD) : Holden
<|endofexample|>
- China
- World
- Business
- Sports
- Food
- Life
- Entertainment
- Photo
- Video
- Opinion
- Forum
- Cartoon
- Language Tips
Combining vintage elegance and modern facilities, the Hotel Indigo Tianjin Haihe opened its doors in October.
Built on the renovated former German consulate in Tianjin, the hotel presents its introductory package until Nov 30, with a 20 percent discount for bookings of at least two consecutive days.
To help guests immerse themselves in historical Tianjin and to understand the inspirations behind the setting up of the hotel, the management provides an exclusive tour of the premises and around the local neighborhood.
China Daily - Agencies
<|endofexample|>
The single “Somewhere” went to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Singles sales in February. That bodes well for the latest posthumous album plucked from the Hendrix musical vaults, which producers say has stood up well to the test of time.
.
The album arrives with the simultaneous release of newly struck mono vinyl editions of early Hendrix classic albums “Are You Experienced” and “Axis: Bold As Love.”.
.
<|endofexample|>
Home » China Travel Maps » Guangdong Travel Maps » Shenzhen Weather Map
Shenzhen Weather, Shenzhen Climate
Shenzhen Weather Map – Located at about the Tropical of Cancer and ruled by the subtropical marine climate, Shenzhen has a mild temperature as well as plentiful sunshine and rainfall all year round. Shenzhen average temperature is about 22.4ºC.
The summers are long but not overly hot, and the winters are short and relatively warm, which helps Shenzhen to be the ideal tourist destination in any season. However, there is always the Typhoon to influence the area. So, the best time to have your tour should be from August to September.
Shenzhen Climate Map
Shenzhen Travel Tips:
- Rain gear and summer cream are recommended in the summer of Shenzhen.
It's advisable to book hotel in advance during Shenzhen peak seasons.
Shenzhen Weather Today & Weather Forecast
Shenzhen Average Temperature by Month
More Shenzhen Maps you may be interested in:
- Shenzhen Travel Maps
- Shenzhen Airport Map
- Shenzhen Subway Map
- Shenzhen Happy Valley Maps
- Shenzhen Street Map)
<|endofexample|>
Up One Level
Help Contents
Print
W23 / Advanced Rule (web version)
Use this form to create a rule for handling mail when it is received, sent, or deleted, or the rule is run manually.
Name
The name you want to give this rule.
When
The trigger event that will cause this rule to run:
Message Received
Runs the rule when mail is received by this
container
.
Message Sent
Runs the rule when you send mail.
This only affects the copies of the sent mail left in your Mailbox (local copies).
Item Deleted
Runs the rule when a user deletes mail.
Run Manually
Runs the rule when you select mail, then
(If)
All
All of your conditions must match before action will be taken.
Any
Any one of your conditions must match before action will be taken.
This can result in the rule running more frequently.
Build your conditions just as you would for a basic
receive
or
send
rule. If you want multiple conditions, fill in the new row that is displayed as you build your current condition. To delete a condition, click the Delete icon beside it.
See our help on the receive and send rule forms for explanations of some conditions. The following are advanced rule terms and conditions that may not be self explanatory:
current user
The user who is activating this rule.
history contains
Choose any action or a specific action. You can also specify a user or leave the user field blank for any user.
Internet header
Choose a standard Internet header or an Internet header generated by FirstClass (X-), for which your administrator sets the possible values.
X-SPAM-Warning
Indicates the probability of this being spam as an alphanumeric expression, such as LOW.
Tip
We recommend you use a receive rule, choosing the spam level condition, instead of X-SPAM-Warning. FirstClass can process the spam level condition more efficiently.
X-SPAM-Level
Indicates the probability of this being spam as a number.
The higher the number, the more likely this is to be spam.
X-SPAM-Tests
The tests that resulted in this message being marked as spam.
X-RBL-Warning
The message was sent by a known spammer as reported by a Realtime Blackhole List (RBL).
You must know the possible values for the header you choose.
leaf
Any object that isn't a container.
system notice
A FirstClass-generated object, such as an NDN.
when the odds are
This condition is considered to be met based on the probability you specify.
For example, if the odds are 1 in 2, there is a 50% chance that this condition will be considered to be met. If this is the only condition, it means there is a 50% chance that this rule's actions will run.
Actions
(Then)
Build your actions just as you would for a basic receive or send rule. If you want multiple actions, fill in the new row that is displayed as you build your current action. To delete an action, click the Delete icon beside it.
See our help on the receive and send rule forms for explanations of some actions. The following are advanced rule actions that may not be self explanatory:
Generate reply with
attachment name
The reply message will be based on the object attached to this rule.
You will only see an attachment name in this field after you have attached an object.
Generate reply with fixed text
Type the reply message in the next field.
Generate reply with preferences autoreply text
The reply message will use the autoreply text from your preferences.
Make rule log entry
Adds an entry to your Rules Log, using the text you specify in the next field.
Send notification
The specified user must have client notification activated, or be running the FirstClass Notifier component that shipped with earlier versions of the FirstClass client.
Send pager message
Your paging preferences will be used to create a forwarded or redirected message.
Stop rule processing
Put this action at the end of the rule's actions if you have other rules below this one in the container's rules list, and you don't want those rules to process objects that meet this rule's conditions.
This isn't required for deletions, because they automatically stop rule processing.
Suppress FC notifier
Turns off FirstClass client notification for this mail.
Turn approval
Turning approval on means that the object requires approval.
Attachment
Only applies to Message Received and Run Manually triggers.
An attachment can be used as the basis for certain actions.
For example, a reply with attachment uses the text, formatting, embedded pictures, and so on, of the attached object (typically a message or document). If you want to include an uploaded file, first attach it to a message or document, then attach the message or document to the rule.
To attach an object, click On Server, then select the object.
<|endofexample|>
>><<
56 comments:
Top review with some excellent photos mate thanks again. For me this just says what Thorntons are all about. Flashes of brilliance but never flawless. I don't even know myself what I think would be better. What I have described or just having average quality across the board.
How can they have made an entire selection box of desserts and not have banoffee pie in there? Is it not the most obvious of puds ever to put in a box of chocolates?
Lol I can see myself being disappointed by this because the ones I thought were going to be the best weren't any good.
If you had put this lot infront of me I would have gone nowhere near the summer pudding or the lemon meringue to begin with. I would have started with the creme brulee and then had a double chocolate pot ;) if what you say is true then I would have been in for a swift let down from both. Oh well at least I'm in better knowledge now I've seen your review, thanks love.
Rxxx
Does anyone know if they ever update the flavours you get in these boxes? Its a nice idea but the flavours are crummy.
I've not seen this Thorntons box before is it a new one?
I normally like to try things before I comment on them but this collection does look very appetising. I will try if someone can tell me where to buy it (obviously I need somewhere else other than a thorntons shop. I havent got one near me :( )
You've gone from not touching any thorntons chocolates for ages, to now doing more than any other brand (more than hotel chocolat this yr I think). I don't know whats changed but I think it's a good move mate. Thorntons is one of the brands I see all the time but don't have much expertise on in terms of what is good and what isn't. They have such a tricky range to figure out it's so annoying.
I've not seen a chocolate filled with jelly before that looks wonderful :)
The closest thing you could say was like it is turkish delight but im sure that choc would be far nice than that.
What would one expect to have to pay for this box? It's not one I have seen in the shops before.
They are selling some of the chocolates from this desserts gallery in mini packets now. I bought a 3 pack of the lmeon meringue earlier this week and loved them lol they got eaten all at once. If people want my adivce they should be the first chocolates you go for if you end up sharing one of these big ones.
The last time I bought some over the counter truffles from Thorntons I did get a few of the flavours you got here.
Personally I didn't think that the tiramisu chocolate, which did look a little different I hasten to add, wasn't as bad as you make out here. In the one I got the alcohol came through stronger than you say it did. Lol im guessing you would have just been more concerned about the coffee part of it knowing you :P
The other ones I recognise are the creme brulee and toffee mousse. They couldn't have been that amazing cause I don't remember that much about them. The cherry torte is going to be next on my hitlist. Thanks for the fab review. Have a good weekend.
Dx
Sweet review mate. Loving your photos again. You got me well hungry now you bugger.
Some of these do look well nice. That summer pudding is one of the most unique truffles I have seen for ages. This is way more like the sort of thing I want to see Thorntons make. Stuff the crappy seasonal lot, they should put their focus on this sort of thing.
Thorntons just can't live with HC can they.
Its all about the Hotel Chocolat supremacy. I reckon if you compared all of these side-by-side with the chocs they do then there would only be one winner for every single piece. That would have been such a cool way of doing it. Facing off each chocolate with one another (assuming there are comparable ones).
Is this all of their chocolate selection boxes done now? I swear there is one more you haven't detailed out. It's green and blue coloured and looks well retro. I'm not sure if they still do it. I will check when I go into town later.
I know most people are going to disagree with me but I don't like the mix they have here one bit.
Looking at them I think it's almost as if they had most of these chocolates already made and then realised they had similarities with some desserts. I doubt very much they were specifically created because the mix of dessert types is to random. It's not been thought out at all IMO.
When I saw the title and photos I was sorta expecting a higher score for this one than it got. I think that its one of the selections with the prettiest looking chocolates you have reviewed for a long time. I wish they had made a better go of the ones like the tiramisu and creme brulee. Those are two of my favourite all time desserts.
What a shame I thought this had the real potential to push them into the upper tier of quality. Are you sure the score isn't a little harsh on them Jim? You did give two of the chocolates in there a superb and only one got lower than average.
I wont question your judgement too much. you are the expert ;)
Thornotns never put enough dark chocolates in there boxes I don't think.
Im well aware milk and and white are universally more popular but it would have made sense if they had made like a 'melt in the middle' rich chocolate pudding, or a rich chocolate torte or something.
Where are all the proper british desserts like golden syrup sponge? Spotted dick? Treacle tart? etc etc
They haven't made much in the way of options for us tradiotionalists have they? A british manufacture should have focused more on British tastes. You do have to question why there are things like creme caramel and kirsch torte in there and not any of the ones I just mentioned.
Congrats for another incredible review Jimbo. I love the detail you go into for each chocolate. They always seem so accurate and precise. Have yourself a nice weekend.
Hey J ive just seen your new news page. How do you want us to get in contact if we dig up some news dirt :-) I got a story hot off the press that I want to lay claim for lol. I think you will be excited to hear about it :P
Does anyone know if the bigger dessert gallery boxes have more flavours in?
By the looks of it Jim has reviewed the smallest version of this Dessert Gallery. I would be interested to hear what additional ones you can get in the larger sized packs if there is such a thing.
This would be just perfect for what I need this weekend. Lol my husband and I are going for dinner at a friends and we were told to bring the chocs and wine.
Lol I could take the cheap box of Paynes brazils they gave us last time they came over ours. If I can find these for a reasonable price I will treat them to these though. Only because I fancy them myself :)
Quality post mate I love the photography work here?
What gear/setup do you have in place? Do you do other food photography?
You missed out on the summer desserts gallery Jim.
That was out during the summer (duhhhhhh) and had a few more choccies more like the summer pud and lemon meringue. It's a shame you weren't able to give it a try, I think you would have rated it higher than you did this one.
If they did a full box of the ones with jelly in I would be sold. What an awesome idea.
What would be doubly brill would be if they had different flavoured fruit pudding flavours. Blackcurrant, Lime, Strawberry and Lime. The colours would be amazing and if they could get them right I bet they would taste wonderful.
@Daisy you are going about this the right way girl :)
It's always best if you pick out your mix from the in store counter if you can. Not only are they much fresher chocolates most the time, but you also get to leave out the ones you don't fancy.
The only down side I can think of is that it can be a little pricey. Lol never ask them to gift wrap them for you, they charged me extra last time the swines.
16 chocs for £8 isn't that bad is it.
It hasn't scored the best ever but I consider it next time I have to buy a box for a gift because it looks a lot more premium than the price looks on.
If someone bought me it I would be v impressed. Well, maybe not know I know what its worth but I would have been before reading this lol :) Thanks for the post Jim.
They haven't put in my fave dessert of all time Eton Mess. It would have been good to see if they could have given the hotel chocolate version a run for it's money.
I'm genuinely astonished by the score tbh. I looked at the photos before I peaked at the graph and I was expecting to see like a high 8 or a 9. Reading through the descriptions of each truffle I sorta see the rationale for your rating. Its annoying when things look better than they taste huh?
Lol so in effect you think Thorntons are consistent with their inconsistency :-)
I used to always buy there chocolates if I was buying people gifts but now I know their chocolate isn't always the best I sometimes buy the Lindt selections. You have to try the Lindt Petits Desserts now to see which you think is better.
Classic<Continental<Premiuim<Dessert Gallery
That is my order. I haven't had the newest of the Continental boxes though. I think that might have revamped them since last time I had it.
It's such a shame that can't be more consistent. If they brought their poorer chocolates up to an average standard then it wouldn't reflect half as badly on them would it?
I think it's just the fact that when Thorntons do things badly they tend to make a right old mess of it. I think as long as you expect that you would be alrite buying this.
Jim pal check this out you can buy the flavours you point out as the best in mini packs now. Lol they must know themselves which are the better ones.
Lol you glammed the photos up too much again mate. Its hard to believe that some of these don't taste as nice they look..
This is easily the best looking thorntons box you have reviewed so im a little surprised by the score its got.
Lol I say surprised, but I can still sorta believe it given thorntons previous. I think its a bit of a shame that they commonlly stuff up all their good work with poorer, sloppy rubbish..
I like the look and sound of these! Theres a few in that i wouldnt want like the tiramasu and creme brulee but many of the others sound delicious like the lemon meringue and summer fruit..
this may be the new box:
)
Great pics & review Jim! Am hoping that Thorntons really do pull their socks up (after reading the article on your new news page (which btw is tres cool) re their bid to ‘put spark back in chocs’ x!
Maybe it's my inexperience, but I've never seen a chocolate like the summer fruit pudding before. I'm really interested in that.
Oh dear Jim we thought exactly the opposite..
Will - if you like the look of jelly in chocolate you should check out Zotter's grapefruit bar. It is amazing :).
I know what you mean about the Double Choc Pot Jim, there's ALWAYS one pointless "filler chocolate" in a selection box isn't there.
There are just too many in here that I would be interested in at all.
The kirsch, almond and summer berry pudding aren't my sort of thing at all. It's a shame cause some of the others are ones that I would love to try. The creme brulee has to be better thant standard come on.
That point made about it not having the british puddings is so right.
Bread and butter pud?
Apple crumble?
Treacle sponge?
Rhubarb and custard?
.....shall I go on?
Thorntons if you are reading this! Do a special edition box that just has 'BEST OF BRITISH PUDS'.
Lol that would be such an incredible box of chocolates if it was done well.
Yay, finally a review of these! :D
The Summer Fruit Pudding is certainly the best looking one. And it sounds delicious. I agree with Jen, it would be nice to see a whole box made up of different fruit pudding flavours :D
Has anyone seen that Thorntons ice cream is half price in tesco at the mo? The toffee one is delicious.
Hey All,.
As always I will try and answer all of the questions.....
* @Kim/David - I have no idea if they ever update the flavours. Has someone else had this box before? Were they all the same?
* @Anon The Dessert Gallery box is £7.99 on their website.
* @Estelle - You are talking about their metropolitan box. Search under the Thorntons tag and you will find it :D
* @Ross - I think a score of 7.8 out of 10 is more than reasonable. It's actually pretty good if you compare to the others.
* @Matt - Yeh I think that could have been a nice direction to take the box down. A set of British themed puddings could be done as a limited edition or something couldn't it.
* @Lisa - If you have any news articles just posted them in a comment on the news page. I will update it as and when I can.
* @Linda - Dinner parties are an ideal occasion for these.
* @Shane - I will get back to you on the photography stuff. I got my old man to help me out so I have no idea what camera he uses.
* @Hazel - Apologies I do try to complete every request I can.
* @Jen - That mixed jelly collection sounds like a very nice one. Perhaps it would be best suited to summer though.
* @Richard - Are you feeling ok chap? It seems that you might have come down with something :D You sure you are ok with the price?
* @Katie - Consistent at inconsistency haha I like the way you have phrased that.
* @Nathan - Thanks for the link share.
* 
* @Roxy - Thanks for the news page thumbs up .... getting going there people! I'm glad you liked the melting hearts, the bad news is they are gone now :( .... the good news is they have been replaced by the Easter filled eggs :D
* @Linz - I might just check that out myself :D
* 
* @Andrew - As I said above the British pudding idea is a very good one. I too would love to see someone try create some special chocolates like that. You would have thought it had been done before mind you.
* @Ana - I'm glad I finally came good on my promise to review them for you :D
* @Ganesh - No I hadn't. Thanks for sharing that with everyone though.
Thanks all - 7Days of ChocolateReviews tomorrow. If you have any news stories be sure to check out the new News page which is live and running
See HERE -->
Bookmark it :D
JIM
Geeze I think you have definitely underrated these if they were only 8 quid.
Ages ago I got given on of these boxes as a gift from work. I thought they were pretty good tbh. I would have thought they were nearer the £15 mark.
Toffee Mousse ftw. I would get rid of the kirsch, summer pudding and lemon cause I don't like fruit chocolates.
I see thorntons are back in favour then :) I swear you said not long ago that you refused to review anything from them.
A few of the ones here could be good but for the most part they aren't my thing. Quite why everyone is going gaga over the jelly chocolate I don't know. Wouldn't it be the cheapest to produce?
Cool review mate. The guys are right about the photos, you yet again make the chocs look so appetizing.
I think the guys have the right idea about it needing more British puds. The ones they chose are a little cosmopolitan.
Cheers
N
I thought that although some of these chocs were more successful than others as far as taste goes, it really should have got 10/10 for presentation.
It's an ideal box to turn up with when visiting friends, inlaws, etc. It's novel, interesting and people will really want to try them. It does look like a box of chocs that you put some effort into selecting.
I'm not sure I agree with 10 for presentation. Lol some of them look nice but I don't think should get the maximum cause there are some boring ones in there to.
Jim Hazel is right btw, the summer dessert gallery was even nicer than this one is. If you ever see it again this year I would urge to review it please.
<|endofexample|>
CTVR70
Net weight: 1000g
In stock
£26.95 Zero VAT
List price: £29.95
Saving of £3.00 (10%)
Earn 27 Loyalty Points each
CTVR70b
Net weight: 3000g
£54.95 Zero VAT
List price: £65.95
Saving of £11.00 (17%)
Earn 55 Loyalty Points each
An economical 3kg & 1kg bulk bag of superior quality, Caraibe dark chocolate chips from Valrhona.
The Valrhona Caraibe is a fine dark chocolate couverture ).
Take a look at our chocolate decorations
Emulsifier: Soya Lecithin
This Caraibe dark chocolate may contain dairy, nut, gluten, egg traces
Posted Tue 22 May 2012 8.57pm by nabila
Amazing chocolate, light and tasty, could easily satisfy any chocoholics c
<|endofexample|>
Topic: Bazel's Dad passed away on November 9th
Dear Bazel, My heart felt condolences to you. You are right your Dad is now resting peacefully with out pain nor suffering. I'm glad you feel this site was able to help you and your Dad in some way. May God bless You and give you the strength during this time of grief. P.S. See post under experiences "Thanks CC.org poster"
Jeff G.
<|endofexample|>
September 12, 2012
Contact: Dana Mortensen, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, 267-426-6092 or mortensen@email.chop.edu
A national study conducted by researchers at The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) shows increased use of powerful antipsychotic drugs to treat publicly insured children over the last decade. The study, published today in the journal Health Services conduct disorder, CHOP study is the second released this month that focuses on the use of antipsychotic drug use in children and is largest of its kind, representing 35 percent of children in the.”
For more information about the study and on PolicyLab’s body of child welfare work, visit the PolicyLab website..
<|endofexample|>
December 7, 2012
Contact: Rachel Salis-Silverman, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, 267-970-3685 or salis@email.chop.edu
By reprogramming a 7-year-old girl’s own immune cells to attack an aggressive form of childhood leukemia, a pediatric oncologist has achieved a complete response in his patient, who faced grim prospects when she relapsed after conventional treatment. The innovative experimental therapy used bioengineered T cells, custom-designed to multiply rapidly in the patient, and then destroy leukemia cells. After the treatment, the child’s doctors found that she had no evidence of cancer.
Pediatric oncologist Stephan A. Grupp, MD, PhD,, MD, of the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, leads this research group, which along with Grupp’s, MD,..
<|endofexample|>
Where to find Sapodilla and Genip (Quenepas) in SW Ontario?
Thank you both Truffles and Tellerium.I've got a silly question. Since this is in chinatown, is Sapodilla and Ginep known by different names?Tellerium, do you happen to remember the name of the stores?
Thank you again.
Hi everyone,I live in Kitchener and I'm willing to travel around SW Ontario to find these fruits.
You can find a description of the fruits here:
Thanks
About/Contact CHOW |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of Use
<|endofexample|>
More than a year ago I wrote an article about Xen on Ubuntu Intrepid with the intention of blaming Ubuntu. I also clearly said, that I wouldn’t use Ubuntu anymore. This article turned out to be the most hit one on my blog. Maybe because the Ubuntu community directly links to it. Then, last Summer I wrote an article about alternatives to Xen, but I decided to wait and stay with Xen on my homeserver in the meantime. (Please keep in mind, all I use this for is for my private setups!). Last week I upgraded my Server’s hardware and also wanted to re-install it.
Xen still hasn’t made it into vanilla Kernel, it might make it into 2.6.34 or .35, but even if it does, I think it’s not even going to be close to being production ready. Plus most distributions release their next version in the next weeks/months and are already frozen, so they definitely will not ship with Xen. Well, the only real alternative is KVM. I didn’t like the idea of using KVM for a long time, but since almost every distribution now features KVM as their virtualization technique, I went with it. I also went with Ubuntu again (yeah blame me!). Why? Because their next release has long-term support, and I won’t have the time to upgrade it in the next 12-18 months. And what shall I say… I like it. Installation was kinda tricky on a software Raid0, but I was installing a development release, 1 week before the first Beta… and in the end it did work.
The server runs KVM now and it runs fast and stable. I have 4 virtual machines on it now. Installation of the guests using virt-installer and/or ubuntu-vm-builder was much easier and ended up with working VMs out of the box, whereas xen-create-image ended up with an unusable image on Intrepid, because the default console never showed up without tweaks. libvirt is also nice if you need it, but I really want to point out, that you can run KVM without libvirt just with the ‘kvm’ command!
I tagged this article ‘How-To’, but there are already many good KVM guides out there so I won’t write yet another one. I’ll just post a few hints to get KVM running with a bridged networking using libvirt.
First of all I removed /etc/libvirt/qemu/networks/default.xml to disable the dnsmasq features of libvirt. Then I created an LVM volume group where I wanted to place my machines at, but you can also use simple images on your filesystem. The next thing I did was setting up a bridge in /etc/network/interfaces:
You can now simply create your virtual machine with this command:
Now connect to your host using VNC and install as usual. Another way is to use ‘ubuntu-vm-builder’, but I simply didn’t try… Make sure you limit VNC access to localhost in /etc/libvirt/qemu/$hostname.xml after installation if your network is unsecure.
To make your domain autostart on boot use:
This will copy the appropriate xml configuration file to /etc/libvirt/qemu/autostart/.
It’s as simple as that. Way easier than patching a kernel for Xen and all these things. I would have really loved to see Xen in vanilla Kernel a year ago or so, but it didn’t happen and KVM works well enough for me by now… plus you have the benefit of a working power-management.
Take care.
This article has 9 comments
2010/05/08
That is a very interesting post, really. Just the only thing, I was looking for more details on the actual commands to build a guest.
But glad you like KVM ; )
2010/05/08
Well, actually I found the available docs, manpages and other blog posts good enough, that I didn’t want to create a simple duplicate.
2010/06/08
I would like to give kudos for this short but direct how to. Made my day which has been filled with endless tutorials and bad walkthroughs regarding Xen Hypervisor and Kernel Boot. I’m using Ubuntu 10.04 and I’m currently installing win7 on a virtual machine. Thanks! and have a good one!
2010/06/08
You’re welcome
2011/01/15
I’m sure KVM is great but unless you have a new CPU with Virtualisaion support (i.e. if your running old hardware/server) It wont work!
Correct me if i’m wrong?
2011/01/15
No, you’re right. BUT every CPU less than 5 years old should have virtualization support built in!
2013/04/10
TBH, I’m not too upset to see the back of Xen in RHEL.Whilst it works most of the time, I’ve seen far too many bugs over time, particularly on the i386 plfroatm vs the x86_64 plfroatm.KVM is far nicer and most robust from what I’ve seen so far and hardware with virtualisation capabilities is becoming more and more common.
<|endofexample|>
- Godkiz
- Gender: Female
- Location: Baton Rouge, LA, USA
- Age: 55
Info About Me
- Height:5' 2" (157 cm)
- Build:Average
- Hair:Black
- Eyes:Black
- Relationship Status:Divorced
- About Children:I do not have or want children
- Children:0
- Children home:0
- Smoking:Never
- Drinking:On occasion
- Church I was raised in:Baptist
- Church I attend now:Non-denominational
- Church Attendance:every week
- Education:Some College
- Field of Work:Self Employed
- Ethnicity:African
Fun Facts
- Music:Blues, Gospel, Jazz, Oldies, Praise & Worship, Religious Music
- Movie:Action/Adventure, Drama
- Outdoor activity:Basketball, Biking, Tennis
- Indoor activity:Sports
- Food:Seafood
- Politics:Open Minded
- Timeliness:I am usually on time
- As for fashion:I dress to be comfortable
<|endofexample|>
A popular snack food is the target of school districts in several states over accusations that the snack is hazardous for kids to eat.
School districts in California and New Mexico are attempting to ban the popular snack food Flamin' Hot Cheetos over concerns that the snack is extremely unhealthy for kids.
School officials claim that the snack has a minuscule amount of nutritional value and should not be offered to kids while they are in school.
The problem school officials state is that the one bag of chips contains four servings, and are concerned that kids would eat the entire bag not knowing the actual amount of fat and calories they are consuming.
One bag of Cheetos contains 44 grams of fat and nearly 700 calories.
One school district in Illinois used to sell about 150,000 bags each year, but deicided to stop providing the chips and have already taken the snack off its menu, according to reports from ABC.
"If children were to bring in snacks that are high in fat, high in calories, that's their choice," Rockford School District Interim Superintendent Robert Willis told KTLA. "We're not going to be providing those kinds of foods."
The amount of fat and calories is close to, if not more than, what new USDA school lunch guidelines call for. For example, kids in kindergarten through fifth grade are allowed a maximum of up to 650 calories, children in sixth through eighth grade are allowed 700 calories and the caloric intake for high school kids is capped at 850.
"I ate them every day, even for breakfast, and I got really big. There were days when, if my mother didn't buy them for me, I would get so mad. … It took me three months to quit." Lake View High School senior Abigail Hernandez told the Chicago Tribune.
<|endofexample|>
"Sacramental authority is not to be construed as endowing certain persons with the ability to dispense grace
The United Methodist Church addressed issues of sacramental authority within the denomination during their annual January symposium.
"Sacramental authority is not to be construed as endowing certain persons with the ability to dispense grace," said Sarah Heaner Lancaster, a professor at Methodist Theological School in Ohio.
Currently, the UMC has two types of clergy elders and permanent deacons, and two sacraments baptism and Holy Communion. Questions over who should administer those sacraments arose in the 1996 conference. Since then, the administration wrestled over the issue and has struggled to address the clear meaning of ordination.
"Even though we will always need to have ordained people, we do not yet have a clear understanding of how these orders relate to one another," said the Rev. Jerome King Del Pino, top staff executive at the United Methodist Board of Higher Education and Ministry in Nashville. "One of the tensions is in who is authorized to do what." Do deacons and local pastors have authority to administer the sacraments as elders do?
Referring to the Book of Discipline, Lancaster said the church has structured itself to give elders the specific responsibility of administering the sacraments while deacons may assist at the request of the elder.
Lancaster stressed that the roles of deacons and elders are "overlapping, distinct and complementary." They overlap because all Christians are called to proclaim and teach the gospel in some way and to perform acts of service, she said.
Deacons, she said, represent the denomination through a lifetime of service to the world. Elders do the same but with added responsibilities, including administering the sacraments.
Other issues discussed during the symposium included characteristics of ordination, focusing on authority relating to word, service, sacrament and order. The group also briefly discussed the need to be vital for the future and faithful to the past, and the relationship between the church's understanding of its ordered ministry and its understanding as a part of the body of Christ.
Throughout the symposium, speakers emphasized that the church has undergone a significant change over the years in its understanding of ordained ministry and who is eligible to serve as a pastor in the church.
Setting apart people for ordained ministry in American Methodism has always been controversial, said Richard Heitzenrater, a professor at United Methodist-related Duke Divinity School, Durham, N.C. The debate about ordination reflects the differences in opinion about the nature of the church, he said.
Heitzenrater also asserted that a new model must be created to answer the questions of todays ministry.
"We must constantly adapt to new situations while we hold fast to the basic principles that define us as a part of the body of Christ, said Heitzenrater.
The Rev. M. Douglas Meeks, a professor at Vanderbilt Divinity School, said discussions about the past, present and future of ordained ministry have been ongoing for nearly 25 years.
"What we are trying to do with the symposiums and upcoming conversations is take seriously what ordination has meant in the tradition and what it means today, said Meeks.
The Rev. Mary Ann Moman, staff executive in the denomination's Division of Ordained Ministry, expressed optimism about the future of ordained ministry.
"I am hopeful," she said, "because the church is longing for leaders who will ask the questions of faith, who are not afraid of the ambiguity that exists in our living, who desire to live in community, who trust their colleagues to hold them accountable, and who can leave room for the spirit to blow through the church."
The January symposium was the first of a series of such events planned by the UMC board of administration to address the issue of ordination and sacraments.
<|endofexample|>
To ensure our popular film site keeps running — we need donations of at least £130.00 a month (appx $200.00, €165.00). This is primarily to cover the costs of our broadband and heavy bandwidth usage. So far one committed supporter is contributing a regular £20.00 a month — are there any other generous donors out there? PAYPAL donations, please, to christie@btclick.com
Anarchism swept us away completely, because it demanded everything of us and promised everything to us. There was no remote corner of life that it did not illumine ... or so it seemed to us ... shot though with contradictions, fragmented into varieties and sub-varieties, anarchism demanded, before anything else, harmony between deeds and words
- Victor Serge, Memoirs of a Revolutionary
A comprehensive database of anarchist films compiled by Santiago Juan-Navarro. Click here
ChristieBooks
PO Box 35 | Hastings
East Sussex TN34 2UX
christie@btclick.com
<|endofexample|>
Clinique Kohl Shaper for Eyes
Rich, creamy color glides on smoky or defined, bold or superfine. Triangular, ergonomic design for precision control. Sharpener built into cap. Never be caught with a dull point again- 0.04 oz. Color(s): black amethyst, black coffee, black denim, black honey, black kohl, blackened pewter, blackened taupe, blackened teal. Brand: Clinique. Style Name: Clinique Kohl Shaper for Eyes. Style Number: 166612. Available In Stores.. Price: $15.50
This item is available from NORDSTROM.com
Only $15.50
<|endofexample|>
December Celebrations – Beyond ChristmasSunday, April 10th, 2011
December is the time for festive celebrations. Of course, most of us excitedly look forward to digging into our traditional Christmas Roast Turkey or Prime Ribs. But why not invite friends to something a little different in honor of multiculturalism, and begin some new traditions. Here are some other celebrations (along with their great menus) [...]
<|endofexample|>
New York Times
May 12, 2005
WASHINGTON, May 12 - John R. Bolton suffered a setback in his quest to become ambassador to the United Nations today when the Senate Foreign Relations Committee declined to recommend him even as it voted to send the nomination to the full Senate for consideration.
The 10-to-8 vote to send Mr. Bolton's name to the chamber, but absent an endorsement, means he will get a "yes or no" vote by the Senate. And since Republicans have 55 seats, Mr. Bolton has a good chance to be confirmed, provided there is no more erosion of support among Republicans.
The lack of a committee endorsement became inevitable after a key Republican member, Senator George V. Voinovich of Ohio, said he would vote against the nomination because the United States "can do better." Mr. Bolton's critics have complained of his hard-driving personal style as an under secretary of state. Some critics have accused him of pressuring intelligence analysts to tweak their findings to suit his biases.
The committee chairman, Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana, had predicted a 10-to-8 vote endorsing Mr. Bolton. But Mr. Voinovich's defection this morning raised the prospect of a deadlock that would have kept the nomination bottled up in the committee.
Mr. Lugar then brokered a deal in which the committee's Republicans agreed to send Mr. Bolton's name to the full Senate with no recommendation. The panel's eight Democrats remained united in opposing his nomination.
"It is my opinion that John Bolton is the poster child of what someone in the diplomatic corps should not be," Senator Voinovich said. But Mr. Bolton still has the support of the White House. He also has numbers on his side: he needs only 50 votes to prevail, since a Senate tie would be broken by Vice President Dick Cheney.
Mr. Voinovich said he was convinced that a vote for Mr. Bolton, whose detractors have described him as a head-strong bully, would send exactly the wrong signal to the thousands of Americans working in the State Department in the United States and abroad.
While the lack of a committee endorsement is an embarrassment for Mr. Bolton, it is not as serious as a committee vote against him would have been. A vote against him would not necessarily have blocked a vote in the full Senate, but there would have been more serious procedural obstacles to overcome.
Three other Republicans on the Foreign Relations Committee have also expressed reservations about the nominee. One of the three, Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, said today that Mr. Bolton had made "inflammatory" remarks about North Korea. Still, she said, she favored sending the nomination to the floor.
Mr. Voinovich, when asked outside the hearing room if he thought other Republicans would vote against the nominee, replied, "We'll see." During the hearing, Mr. Voinovich said President Bush and Mr. Bolton deserved to have a yes-or-no vote. The senator even said he liked Mr. Bolton personally. "I think he's a decent man," Mr. Voinovich said.
The concern now for Mr. Bolton and the White House is that the lack of committee backing will cause more Republican senators to have second thoughts about the nominee. Democratic senators have assailed the nomination, noting that Mr. Bolton has spoken disparagingly about the United Nations.
Senator Paul S. Sarbanes, Democrat of Maryland and a committee member, said Mr. Bolton's comments showed "outright hostility" for the international organization. "To send someone as our ambassador to the United Nations who does not demonstrate a basic respect for the institution and its legal foundation is a disservice to our national interest," Mr. Sarbanes said.
But a Republican panel member, Senator George Allen of Virginia, offered an opposite view. He said the need for reform at the institution was obvious. "I think the American people want someone at the United Nations who pushes strongly for reform and is not going to be seduced by flowery, evasive pontifications from those bureaucrats," Mr. Allen said.
Senator Voinovich said Mr. Bolton had "serious deficiencies" that would make him the wrong man for the United Nations post, and that his difficult personality would have got him "fired - fired - if he worked for a major corporation."
Senators Chuck Hagel of Nebraska and Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island, both Republican committee members, have also expressed reservations about Mr. Bolton. The other Republicans on the panel are Senators Norm Coleman of Minnesota, Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, John E. Sununu of New Hampshire and Mel Martinez of Florida.
The committee Democrats who remained united in their opposition are Senators Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware, the ranking minority member; Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut; John F. Kerry of Massachusetts; Russell D. Feingold of Wisconsin; Barbara Boxer of California; Bill Nelson of Florida; Barack Obama of Illinois; and Mr. Sarbanes.
<|endofexample|>
First impressions have lasting power.
In the blink of an eye, people judge your property. Color determines how inviting, dynamic and spacious your business feels. It also influences your property's value.
Color affects employee productivity. Both attitude and physical reactions like headaches, taste and smell are influenced by some color schemes.
The right colors smarten up your world.
- We project style.
Color defines your space as upscale or casual, traditional or modern.
- We create mood.
Some colors energize us, others calm.
- We sway time.
Color beckons us to linger or hurries us along.
- We size-up spaces.
Color makes a space look expansive or cozy.
- We speak volumes.
Color makes a structure look massive or airy.
- We shout, hum or whisper.
Color accentuates or muffles sound.
- We save energy.
Color makes us feel 4–7° warmer or cooler.
<|endofexample|>
Just curious - how many of you are NOT looking forward to Thanksgiving dinner tomorrow? Let's commiserate...
We were supposed to have it at our new house this year. We started planning this over the summer when we were with SIL and MIL. We've been married a few years now and haven't had a big enough house before to host a proper dinner. SIL and family haven't come to anything at our house to speak of. Our little girl was super excited to have it at our house.
Two weeks ago, I emailed (neither return phone calls well) and asked if they had anything they'd like to have/bring - that I was planning on doing turkey, etc. MIL replies that SIL was having it at her house, had invited her inlaws, etc. Hubby just asked me to go with it. So I did. Asked what I could bring. No reply. Finally saw MIL (went to her house) and asked if she knew - evidently they've got everything. Bring whatever. Really? If I bring pumpkin pie, and there are five others, what's the point?
So, we'll trek to her house, spend a few hours eating dry turkey, getting ignored by everyone and then come home. Joy. I'm planning to take something to drink.
Not so much. I lost my job very unexpectedly (company just closed) a little over a week ago. It's putting me into a terrible financial strain (the company didn't file correctly for unemployment, so there's a delay on the checks... I'm frantically job hunting with no real success yet...), and with it being just before the holidays, I'm just not in the mood. This was my first "real" job and I loved it.
Anyway, I had agreed to take some petsitting jobs over Thanksgiving because I had to work the day before and after. Planned to go home to see my family (4+ hour drive) on the weekend. Well, lo and behold, now I no longer have that job and could totally have gone home for Thanksgiving. Trying to be grateful for the income that the petsitting will bring, though.
Luckily I have 2 phenomenal friends (one a previous college professor of mine) who have invited me to have Thanksgiving with their family. But, I'm just feeling so down right now, trying to process everything and having spent ridiculous amounts of time on a job hunt/application process that I still can't quite believe I have to go through again. It's taking a huge toll on me emotionally.
But normally I like Thanksgiving quite a bit. I hope that other COTHers are having a better time of it than I am this year!
Reviews of equine-related books:
Your husband should have nailed his bitch of a mother and sister over the insulting way they treated you and your family. "Just go with it" is great for a mommy-whipped little boy.
i suggest starting your own family Thanksgiving holiday tradition...invite friends over who may not have local family to spend the holiday with and have a great time. Why would you ever want to spend time with these two cows who don't respect you or your loved ones...and give your husband a good slap, he needs it and should remember YOU and your daughter are his family, his mother and sister are relatives....Family is more important.
Good luck, stay home, have fun, screw the evil cows.
"Sic Gorgiamus Allos Subjectatos Nunc"
Do your own thing. Go tomorrow, say hi, stay however long you like, go home and enjoy yourself then Friday start letting folks know casually that you and hubbie will be hosting a big Turkey Day shindig for 2013 and they are welcome to come Invite friends and singles, get a pinata and have a blast!
The Knotted Pony
Proud and upstanding member of the Women With Attack Tatas Clique
Most definitely - have the holiday you want. Celebrate with people who make you feel celebratory!
I am riding in the morning, then headed to my oldest brother's huge Thanksgiving get together. It's always dozens of happy people, amazing food, pure chaos and fun. I can't wait.
Alt Route, I'd stay home. Look DH in the eye with a big bright smile and tell him you feel like you caught something contagious and you're staying home. If he's used to being bossed around by them he'll take just fine to being bossed around by you. Tell them you wouldn't want to make them all sick with whatever it is you're coming down with and make the best dang Thanksgiving imaginable in your new house. Do that for your kid and yourself; DH will be glad to have the peaceful spot to go that day, and who can argue with illness.
I have inlaws just like that and what I should have done years ago was put up good fences. I went to many a family function when I was ticked off on the inside and it rarely turned out well. Do your own thing. Be polite and join in when you can but make sure you have a fun happy home to fall back on.
I'm not looking forward to it, or cringing. It's going to be like most other days. DH is a vegetarian and he actively dislikes "turkey day." So actively against it that we will never get invited to anyone's house. He can't see past it to feel thankful about anything at all. Son is autistic, and he does not "get" holidays. Can't understand why anyone would want to celebrate anything. Very strange, but we are used to it. I just tell people we have a quiet family Thanksgiving, and that's kind of the truth. I do feel thankful for my family, friends, health and horses, but I miss the big meal with family. An option would be to cook a vegetarian Thanksgiving dinner, but that's a lot of work. DH wouldn't help, and kid wouldn't eat it.
And to the OP, it's time to start your new family tradition. Stay home!
It's 2013. Do you know where your old horse is?
Not, first time ever. Unnecessary, stupid, family drama, relatives who aren't mine and who I don't care for coming, etc... Oh well, it will be a few hours and then I can head back home and be with those I enjoy. Mom is staying with us tomorrow night, so I'll have all my favorite people (and animals) except my young adult son who lives 1/2 way across the country and won't be home until Christmas.
Alt route: I do understand. My MIL took over our wedding and made a scene because it was not a catholic wedding. She and my FIL refused to hang our wedding pictures we sent them for that reason. My FIL has passed and my MIL is now suffering dementia, really they live 3000 miles away and although we don't get together much, it is always an ordeal when we do. I would start your own holiday tradition, maybe just show up there for pie.
Pony4me- I understand your husband. Your son is likely enjoying more than he can articulate in his life.
I live many miles away from my family and Mr. Stolen's for good reason. We celebrate Thanksgiving with friends. I enjoy our friends much more than my family. That said I bake 3 apple pies and broccoli gratin every Thanksgiving morning and Mr. Stolen feeds the horses their buckets and reintroduces himself to them, he only does this on Thanksgiving.
I hope everyone can find their own peace and joy this holiday ! We sometimes have to seek this out in our lives.
I'd recommend vodka. Clear in whatever you mix it with, little to no odor, works well against stupid in-laws. - Blanket Cleaning & Repair
A proud friend of bar.ka.
OP, time to learn to say to the outlaws, I'm sorry, we've already made plans. We'll have to catch up with you next time. (I should have learned this early on. It wasn't until the bad behavior began to impact my adult children that I finally took a stand. My life was much better after that.)
Ugh! Not looking forward to Thanksgiving at all. I hate the traveling, everyone trying their damnedest to get you to overstuff yourself, the yelling at the football game, the small talk, blech.
I'm stuck driving so I can't even inebriate my way through it.
chaque pas est fait ensemble
My plans for tomorrow consist of the following:
1. Host my 1st annual 5k Turkey Trot at my house. I will be the only runner, so I get top prize!
2. Walk the dogs because tired dogs are happy dogs.
3. Surf COTH off topic day & grade a smattering of student essays (stupid me for assigning an essay due before a holiday break)
4. Read and/or channel surf
5. Let my DH figure out what we are having for dinner. If Domino's is open, I have a coupon!
Random horse pics
Talk to me about fitness or nutrition (I'm an A.C.E. Certified Personal Trainer)!
My blog!
Honestly, I'd just like it to be over. I am unable to make the trip home to be with my family since I'm stationed across the country from them, so I'm trying to start new traditions like a big mish mash of food with friends. I have 28 days until I get to go home for Christmas, and I just want the time to pass until it's time for that.
I made my Mother's apple pie tonight and I'll admit it's been an emotional week, and I ended up in tears when my crust started falling apart.
I was also supposed to get test results back today about possibly having mono, but apparently everyone left early so I get to wait until monday.
Riding with my newly widowed mother tomorrow in hopes it will take the sting out of her first holiday "alone". For the last two decades, since my parents' divorce and subsequent remarrying, the big Thanksgiving dinners have always been held at my father's house. His wife has children (adults now with their own broods), mom's now-deceased husband had none. As a result sis and I always spent holidays at dad's while mom and hubby enjoyed alone time, a tradition that continued into our adulthood.
Mom's family is batsh!t crazy and she doesn't want to deal with the drama-fest holiday dinners turn into with them so we're going to load up the horses early in the morning and go out for an all-day ride.
After the ride my father and his wife have ever-so-graciously asked me to bring mom by for a visit and some turkey. Step-siblings, spouses and kids will all be there of course. All of dad's family (5 sisters with hubbies plus mom and countless cousins/kids etc) will also be there. There were some strained relations between the sisters and mom during the divorce but since that is decades behind them we're hoping all will go well. I asked step-mom tonight what if...she said if anyone has a problem with my mom being there to hell with them.
With step-mom welcoming mom into her home on Thanksgiving I have a feeling it will be a great meal. Everyone respects her so I'm sure there will be no cross words from anyone.
Afterwards it's back to mom's where we're going to grill a prime rib with green beans, twice-baked potatoes and white chocolate creme brulee. Not traditional Thanksgiving fare but it seems appropriate since this Thanksgiving is about breaking tradition and moving forward with her life.
It'll be tough on her with the still-fresh loss weighing on her mind but I hope with the trail ride, the loving support of my dad, step-siblings and especially my step-mom plus an awesome meal prepared by her personal chef (moi) we can get her through it!
Forum Rules
<|endofexample|>
John 11:38-57; Luke 17:11-18:8
~ Click here to read today's Scripture on BibleGateway.com ~ // Mobile Site Link
~ Listen to today's Scripture on ESV Online.org ~
Luke: Wow. I love Jesus' teaching in Luke chapter 17 verses 20 & 21 - "Jesus replied, "The Kingdom of God isn't ushered in with visible signs. You won't be able to say, `Here it is!' or `It's over there!' For the Kingdom of God is among you."" And truly, of course, literally the Kingdom of God was amongst those Jesus was speaking to with this verse - Jesus himself was there. But, also the Kingdom of God is still amongst us today. Jesus has risen from the dead. He lives in the hearts of men and women. We do not need to look for visible signs to which we can say - here it is! Truly, the Kingdom of God can be within you. And once the Kingdom of God is within you it is amazing to see how Jesus can transform your life and those around you through his peace, grace and power. Is the Kingdom of God among you?
Bible.org's commentary on our Luke chapter 17 readings titled "Putting Faith in Perspective" is at this link and commentary titled "Sign-Seeking and the Coming of the Kingdom" is at this link._1<<
Bible.org's commentary on our Luke chapter 18 readings today titled "Piety, Persistence, Penitence, and Prayer" is at this link.
Worship God: Today's readings in Luke 18:1 about never giving up on constant prayer reminded me of The City Harmonic's song "Manifesto:"
Are you singing along with this song? Click here and sing forever!
Comments from You: What verses or insights stand out to you in today's readings? Please post up by clicking on the "Comments" link below!
God bless,
Mike
<|endofexample|>
Compared: Bushnell Banner, Bushnell Elite 3200, Leupold VX-II and Simmons AETEC
By Chuck Hawks
The specific models compared here are the Bushnell Banner 4-12x40mm AO, Bushnell Elite 3200 5-15x40mm AO, Leupold VX-II 3-9x33mm EFR Compact, and Simmons AETEC 3.8-12x44mm AO. These scopes were mounted on .17 HMR varmint rifles from Marlin (2), Savage, and Ruger for a Guns and Shooting Online varmint rifle comparison. This scope comparison grew out of that project. Each scope was evaluated by four G&S Online shooters (Technical Assistants Jim Fleck, Bob Fleck, Nathan Rauzon, and yours truly).
These scopes have several factors in common. All four are built on 1" tubes and are alleged to be waterproof and shockproof. They offer eye relief adequate for centerfire rifles. All four scopes are supplied with some sort of "plex" reticle, a real Duplex in the case of the VX-II (Leupold invented the type) and a knock-off of the Duplex in the others. They all have a front focusing adjustable objective (AO) to eliminate parallax, and the range figures seem to be accurate as marked. The adjustable objectives all worked correctly. Each scope comes with some sort of fast focus eyepiece. Lens caps were supplied with all but the Leupold (a strange oversight for the most expensive scope in the comparison).
Various mounting systems were used, depending on what was provided with the particular test rifle. All of the scope mounts worked fine during our testing. Brief comments about each scope follow. Full length reviews of each can be found on the G&S Online Product Review Page.
Bushnell Banner 4-12x40mm AO
One of our two Marlin 917VS test rifles ("Marlin B") was fitted with a Bushnell Banner 4-12x40mm AO scope. This is the least expensive scope in the review, but it proved to be a satisfactory choice for a .17 HMR varmint rifle. The Banner was mounted directly to the rifle's tip off mount grooves by means of high Millet rings.
It features a one-piece tube, 1/4 MOA fingertip windage and elevation adjustments, fast focus eyepiece, standard Multi-X reticle, and a matte black finish. This scope's AO features an extended focus range, making it suitable for air rifles and rimfire rifles that may be used at short range, as well as long range hunting and varmint rifles.
Here are the Banner's basic specifications from the 2005 Bushnell catalog:
The Banner's optics are acceptable, but do not equal the contrast and resolution of the other (more expensive) scopes. Nor is flare as well controlled. Eye position is fairly critical if the shooter is to prevent the scope "winking" at the shooter.
The reticle is a little finer and seems to subtend a little less of the target than the AETEC reticle, which is a positive feature for a scope used on a varmint rifle. The windage and elevation adjustments worked with reasonable accuracy; it was not difficult to sight-in the rifle wearing this scope.
Remember that the Bushnell Banner is the least expensive scope in this comparison by a considerable margin. Altogether, it gave good performance for its modest price, and I would recommend it to anyone operating on a tight budget.
Simmons AETEC 3.8-12x44mm AO
Our second Marlin 917VS test rifle ("Marlin A") was equipped with a Simmons AETEC 3.8-12x44mm AO scope in high Millet scope rings that clamped directly to the tip-off scope mount grooves in the Marlin's receiver. The Simmons AETEC line features aspherical lenses to maximize sharpness and minimize aberrations, a real optical advantage. This model boasts a wide field of view, long eye relief, fully multi-coated optics, 1/4 MOA fingertip windage and elevation adjustments, fast eyepiece focus, Truplex reticle, and a matte black finish. A lens hood is included.
Here are the AETEC's basic specifications from the Simmons 2005 catalog:
The AETEC's fingertip windage and elevation adjustments are convenient and satisfactorily accurate, although not perfect (very few hunting scopes are). All controls on this scope work smoothly and properly, equal to those of more expensive scopes. This is the heaviest, although not the most powerful, scope in the comparison.
We found the view through the AETEC to be crisp and clear. Everyone praised this scope's optical quality. Its performance was on a par with the much more expensive Bushnell Elite 3200. My only suggestion is that I wish it were available with an (optional) fine reticle, as the standard version is a little bit heavy for a varmint scope. This is a big game reticle. Never the less, it served satisfactorily on the Marlin .17 HMR rifle.
Bushnell Elite 3200 5-15x40mm AO
Roughly twice the price of the AETEC and three times the price of the Banner (based on the 2005 MSRP) is the Bushnell Elite 3200 5-15x40mm AO scope, which was mounted on a Ruger 77/17VMBBZ rifle using the supplied Ruger scope rings.
This upscale Bushnell model features a one-piece tube, fully multi-coated/Rainguard optics, 1/4 MOA fingertip adjustments, standard Multi-X reticle, 91% total light transmission, fast focus eyepiece, and a matte black finish. It boasts an extended AO focus range of 10 yards to infinity. A lens hood is included.
Here are the Elite 3200's basic specifications from the 2005 Bushnell catalog:
The Elite 3200's fully multi-coated optics suppress flare well. The proprietary Rainguard coating on the front and rear lens surfaces is advertised to reduce the size of water droplets adhering to the surface of the elements, thus clarifying the view in rain and fog. Excessive moisture did not become a factor during our shooting trials, so the Rainguard feature was not put to the test.
The view through this scope was sharp and clear with good contrast, as good as any of the other scopes and noticeably better than the Banner. The relatively long eye relief is appreciated. Field curvature at the edge seemed better controlled than in the AETEC. The Elite 3200's price is justified by its performance.
Leupold VX-II 3-9x33mm EFR Compact
The most expensive of our four scopes (by about $15), and also the smallest, is the Leupold VX-II 3-9x33mm EFR Compact. The Leupold is marketed as a rimfire scope, although I also tested it on a .223 centerfire rifle and it performed just fine. EFR means, "extended focus range." The scope's adjustable objective focuses from infinity to 10 meters, which makes it especially suitable for use on rimfire rifles and air rifles. In addittion to EFR, this premium scope boasts Leupold's Multi-Coat 4 fully multi-coated optics, 1/4 MOA coin adjustments, fine Duplex reticle, locking fast focus eyepiece, and a matte black finish.
Here are the Leupold VX-II's basic specifications from the 2005 Leupold catalog:
Although less powerful than the other scopes, the Leupold's sharp, contrasty optics are second to none. Flare and optical aberrations are well controlled. And the fine Duplex reticle subtends less of the target, allowing greater aiming precision. This is the best reticle of the bunch for a scope used on a varmint rifle.
We mounted this scope on a Savage 93R17-BVSS, the shortest and lightest of our .17 HMR rifles, as it perfectly complemented that rifle's smaller size. Weaver rings were used to clamp the scope to the Weaver bases mounted on the rifle at the Savage factory.
The Leupold's coin slot windage and elevation adjustment dials are less convenient than the finger tip adjustments of the other scopes. On the other hand, the Leupold's adjustment turrets are lower as a result. In any case, the Leupold's adjustments were very accurate in operation. If I remember correctly it took only 2 shots at 25 yards and three shots at 100 yards to zero-in this rifle/scope combination.
The adjustable objective and zoom rings on the Leupold required more effort to turn than the other scopes' controls. This is typical of Leupold scopes, not something unique to this particular model. Apparently Leupold wants to eliminate the possibility of a ring being inadvertently moved. For the same reason, the Leupold's fast focus eyepiece has a locking ring, the only scope in this comparison that does. Leupold scopes are designed to withstand hard hunting.
To be fair to the Leupold, we compared the view through all four scopes when set at 9x. I very much liked the view through this compact Leupold scope. When combined with its more precise reticle, I felt that the Leupold was the easiest scope to aim precisely. This is fine performance for the smallest scope with the smallest front objective lens in the comparison.
Summary and Conclusion
In summation, all four scopes did what they were supposed to do without any problems or malfunctions. Each proved to be a good value for the money, with the most expensive models providing the most precision and the best performance, as they should.
Perhaps the standout in a subjective price/performance calculation would be the Simmons AETEC. It is a moderately priced scope with big time optical performance.
Note: Full length reviews of these scopes can be found on the Product Reviews page.
<|endofexample|>
The Word of God, the Bible, is like no other book:
And although many may not have fully comprehended it, they still have had to acknowledge the value, power, authority, and Divine inspiration that has authored and preserved the Bible:
Abraham Lincoln: "I believe the Bible is the best gift God has ever given to man. All the good from the Saviour of the world is communicated to us thru this book."
George Washington: "It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and the Bible."
Napoleon: "The Bible is no mere book, but a Living Creature, with a power that conquers all that oppose it." prosperity neglect its instructions and authority, no man can tell how sudden a catastrophe may overwhelm us and bury all our glory in profound obscurity."."
Ferrar Fenton: "In the Hebro-Christian Scriptures we have the only key that unlocks the Mystery of the Universe to Man, and the Mystery of Man to Himself."."
Lord Tennyson: "Bible reading is an education in itself."
Horace Greeley: "It is impossible to enslave mentally or socially a Bible-reading people. The principles of the Bible are the ground-work of human freedom." thru the Bible once every year."
Immanuel K the confirming more and more strongly the truths contained in the Sacred Scriptures."
Sir Issac Newton: "There are more sure marks of authenticity in the Bible than in any profane history."
Goethe: "Let mental culture go to advancing, let the natural sciences progress in ever greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires; beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go."
William McGuffey, compiler of the McGuffey's Readers - early American textbooks: "For the copious extracts made from the Sacred Scriptures, he." "The Bible is the only book in the world treating of ethics and religion, which is not sectarian. Every sect claims that book as authority for its peculiar views."
The Bible is not sectarian. It does not belong to any religion. The Bible belongs to God - it is His Word and no one else's. No one has a privilege to modify, take away from or add to it, and all who do bring the judgements within it upon themselves. God's Word never changes, nor does his opinion about how he feels about it. Contained in his Word is a multitude of long-suffering and mercy to change any heart, so there is no excuse for anyone not reading, understanding, and obeying his Word.
<|endofexample|>
Chair Swanson called the meeting to order at 6:32 p.m.
Commissioner Russell led the flag salute.
Kathleen Baier-Dalton, Virginia Han, Pamela Keller, George Miller, Craig Russell, Neil Swanson
Nancy Spencer
Parks and Recreation Director Ron Molendyk; Parks and Recreation Managers Grace Carroll-Miranda, Randy McDaniel, Judy Peterson, and Pat Trotter; Park Projects Intern Sandy Willis; Acting Landscape Superintendent Dennis Quinlivan
<|endofexample|>
Inhalt:.
Guide for the Lighting of Sports Events for Colour Television and Film Systems (2nd edition)
CIE 083-1989
ISBN 978 3 900734 20 6
The present Guide is an extended and revised edition of CIE 028-1975 The lighting of sports events for colour TV broadcasting.
The recording, transmission and reproduction of sporting action has expanded rapidly in recent years. The number of different sports covered has increased and indeed many sports have increased in popularity as a result of TV exposure. To a greater extent, also, television and film are operating under artificial lighting: outdoor sports are being played in the evenings under floodlights and more indoor sports are attracting the attention of television.
The electronic television camera and associated video recording is now the principal medium of the cameraman. This report therefore, concentrates on the lighting requirements for colour television, but indicates where these requirements will differ for film recordings. The aim of this report is to give a broad survey of the technical characteristics of the television and film reproduction process and explain why different lighting levels are needed for different sports and for different camera situations.
Detailed quantitative guidance is given on the quality aspects to be fulfilled for colour television and colour film coverage of a wide variety of sports events. The quality aspects dealt with are:
- vertical illuminance level and uniformity,
- relation between horizontal and vertical illuminance,
- uniformity of horizontal illuminance,
- flicker,
- colour temperature and colour rendering of the lighting and finally
- light level on the surrounding spectators areas.
As an addition to the present Guide, TC 5-11 is preparing a Technical Report giving a comprehensive guide to the lay-out of sports lighting installations that fulfill the quality requirements specified in the present Publication.
The present Guide contains 19 pages, 3 figures and 2 tables.
The following members of TC 5-05 took part in the preparation of this technical report:
- W.J.M. van Bommel, The Netherlands
- R.A. Hargroves, Great Britain
- J. Horváth, Hungary
- A. Kaufmann, Germany (BRD)
- T. Lemons, USA
- C. Potter, Great Britain
- R. Schnor, Germany (DDR)
- R. Wittwer, Switzerland
- C.H. Zieseniß, Germany (BRD) (Chair)
Consultants:
- L. Grambow, Germany (DDR)
- A. Stockmar, Germany (BRD)
<|endofexample|>
Short URL:
Birds
>
Cindy Tiehen
>
Nature
>
Birds, Birds & More Birds
I hope you love birds too.
It is economical.
It saves going to heaven.
~ Emily Dickinson
Most recent images are at top of gallery.
gallery pages:
1
Pied-billed Grebes
Double-crested Cormorant with trout
Eared Grebe
Forster's Terns mating
Blue Grosbeak
Blue Grosbeak
Blue Grosbeak
American Avocet
Common Yellowthroat
Nutmeg Mannikins
Lesser Goldfinch
Egyptian goose with goslings
Egyptian goslings
Egyptian gosling
Egyptian goose with goslings
Egyptian goslings
Blue Grosbeak
Blue Grosbeak
Birds & The Bees... ~ female Allen's Hummingbird
Elegant Terns
Red-shouldered Hawk
Downy Woodpecker
Orange-crowned Warbler
Lesser Goldfinch
Lesser Goldfinch
House Finch
Nuttall's Woodpecker
Ferruginous Hawk
Ferruginous Hawk
Ferruginous Hawk
Ferruginous Hawk
Ferruginous Hawk
Golden Eagle
Burrowing Owl
Burrowing Owl
Burrowing Owl
Ruby-crowned Kinglet
Western Meadowlark
Horned Grebe
Juvenile Bald Eagle
Juvenile Bald Eagle
Northern Harrier female
Yellow-crowned Night-Heron immature * First on record for Bolsa Chi ...
Yellow-crowned Night-Heron immature * First on record for Bolsa Chi ...
Gopher's a goner ... Great Blue Heron
Loggerhead Shrike profile
Territorial Marbled Godwits
California Brown Pelican
Belding's Savannah Sparrow
White-faced Ibis
Northern Harrier female
Northern Harrier female
Reddish Egret
Territorial Great Egrets
Snowy Egret
Snowy Egret
Snowy Egret
American White Pelican
Yellow-crowned Night-Heron
Yellow-crowned Night-Heron
Clapper Rail
Little Blue Heron
Reddish Egret
Reddish Egret
Pin-tailed Whydah
Pin-tailed Whydah
Courting Pin-tailed Whydahs
Good-bye Cruel World ~ Red-tailed hawk with a mouthful
Red-tailed hawk launch
Northern Harrier male with prey
White-faced Ibis Fly-by
Willet
Long Billed Curlew with crab
Black-bellied Plover
Long Billed Curlew
Long Billed Curlew
Wrentit
Green-tailed Towhee
Western Tanager
Western Tanager ~ pretty boy even in the shade
Dark-eyed Junco
Wilson's Warbler
Warbling Vireo
Warbling Vireo hatchlings
Warbling Vireo feeding hatchlings
Warbling Vireo feeding hatchlings
Dusky Flycatcher (backlit)
Copper's Hawk fledge
Copper's Hawk fledge
Copper's Hawk fledge
Snowy Egret Chick
Snowy Egret feeding
Great Grey Owl male delivers prey to female on the nest.
Great Gray Owl female with one of two owlets (aprox. 2 weeks old)
Getting the 'hang' of my wings ~ last day on the nest. Great Gray Owl ...
Flight practice ~ last day on the nest. Great Gray Owlet.
Branched ~ Great Gray Owlet
Branched ~ Great Gray Owlet
Great Gray Owl ~ Mom keeps a very close eye on her young ones.
Gular Flutter ~ A branched Great Gray Owlet on a very hot day. Gul ...
Green Heron
Green Heron Chick
Green Heron Chick
Green Heron Chick ~ Quite a change in wing feather development in one ...
Green Heron feeding frenzy
Great Egret Nest Building
Nest Material ~ Great Egret
Peregrine fledge
Black Oystercatcher
Long-eared Owl
Immature Long-eared Owl
Long-eared Owl
Sleepy Barn Owl
Kestrel fledge with lizard ~ offspring from mating pair shown below.
FEEEEEED MEEEEE! Two week old Red-tailed Hawk chick
One month old Red Tail Hawk learning to fly.
One month old Red Tail Hawk learning to fly.
Great Blue Heron feeding time.
Coot Chick
Siblings ~ Great Horned Owlets
Domestic Goose with chicks
Pollinator ~ Female Allen's Hummingbird
Allen's Hummingbird
Ash-throated Flycatcher
This is where I landed after my first launch from the nest & i ain't m ...
Fuzzball with talons ~ Great Horned Owlet
Mommy & Me, Out On a Limb Great Horned Owls
Mating Black Necked Stilts
Killdeer Fly-by
Killdeer
American Avocet
Ahhh Spring .... American Avocets
Phainopepla
Cactus Wren courting behavior
Cactus Wren
Cactus Wren pair
Cactus Wren pair
Common Yellowthroat
A leucistic male Northern Shoveler & his mate.
Northern Shoveler
Barn Owl
Red-winged Blackbird
Red-winged Blackbird
Red-winged Blackbird
White Tailed Kite with prey
Mouthfull-o-mouse ~ White Tailed Kite pair
Anna's Hummingbird in the Cherry Blossoms
Anna's Hummingbird at the Cherry Blossoms
Juvenile White Crown Sparrow
Brewer's Blackbird female
Sora
Green-winged Teal courting behavior
Green-winged Teal
White-Faced Ibis
Female Osprey landing on nesting platform
Osprey mating
Osprey dismount
Short-billed Dowitchers
American Kestrels mating
American Kestrel pair
American Kestrels mating
American Kestrels mating
Bufflehead
Redhead Take-Off
Redhead Duck Courtship Head-throw
Redhead Duck Courtship Head-throw
Redhead
Red-breasted Merganser female
Sideways ~ Juvenile Redtail
Clean-up Crew ~ Turkey Vultures in Horaltic Pose
White-crowned Sparrow eating petals off Coast Sunflower (Encelia calif ...
Sunbathing ~ Eared Grebe
Pacific Loon
American Kestrel with a Jerusalem Cricket
Don't bother me, I'm eating ... American Kestrel with a Jerusalem Cri ...
Head Throw ~ California Brown Pelican
American Wigeon
Barn Owl
Barn Owl
Barn Owl
Barn Owl
Barn Owl
Barn Owl
Say's Phoebe ~ hovering/hunting
Horned Gebe ~ more than a mouthful
Northern Pintail
Mandarin Duck
American Bittern
Cassin's Kingbird
Cassin's Kingbird
Northern Flicker
American White Pelican
Great Blue Heron
Turkey Vulture
American White Pelican
Cooper's Hawk
Cooper's Hawk
Clark's Grebe
Western Grebe
Western Grebe
California Brown Pelican
Over the top ~ California Brown Pelican
Cedar Waxwing
Red-breasted Merganser
Red-breasted Merganser
Tailend ~ Red-breasted Merganser
Red-breasted Merganser
Osprey
Osprey with Striped Mullet Fish
Osprey with Striped Mullet Fish
Yellow-rumped Warbler
Common Loon
High-Key Kind of Morning ... Cooper's Hawk on a gray day.
American Avocets
Black Phoebe
Juvenile White Tailed Kite
Whited Tailed Kite
Reddish Egret
Reddish Egret
Reddish Egret
Reddish Egret
Juvenile California Brown Pelican
California Brown Pelican
Red Tailed Hawk
Red Tailed Hawk
Holding Court ~ Royal Terns
Courting Royal Terns
Black Necked Stilts
Western Grebe courtship
Western Grebe courtship
Western Grebe Courtship Display
Western Grebe Courtship
Sunrise Dance ~ Western Grebe Courtship Display
Western Grebe nesting
Great Egret Chicks
Great Egret Chicks
Flight School ~ Great Egret Chicks strengthening wing muscles
California Least Tern fledgling
Feeding time ~ California Least Terns
Red-shouldered Hawk fledgling
Juvenile Red-shouldered Hawk
Black-crowned Night Heron chick
Black-crowned Night Heron chick
Great Egret with breeding plumage
High Breeding ~ Great Egret Portrait
Great Egret
Ready to go ~ Black-crowned Night Heron fledgling
Jump Start ~ Black-crowned Night Heron fledgling
Siblings ~ Recently fledged Red-tailed Hawks (dark morphs)
Recently fledged Red-tailed Hawk (dark morph)
Portrait ~ Recently fledged Red-tailed Hawk (dark morph)
Call for dinner delivery ~ Recently fledged Red-tailed Hawk (dark mor ...
Recently fledged Red-tailed Hawk (dark morph) ...gotta love that face ...
Recently fledged Red-tailed Hawk (dark morph)
Dinner delivery ~ Red-tailed Hawk with prey for recently fledged off- ...
Recently fledged Red-tailed Hawk (dark morph)
Red-tailed Hawk
Belding's Savannah Sparrow
Whimbrel
White-tailed Kite
Sanderlings
Sanderling
Wandering Tattler
Ruddy Turnstone
Great Blue Heron Sweethearts
"Walla Walla Walla" Snowy Egret Mating Call
Song Sparrow
Spotted Towhee
Spotted Towhee
Merlin Falcon
Merlin
Male Anna's Hummingbird
Male Allen's Hummingbird
Male Allen's Hummingbird
Western Kingbird
Tree Swallow
Great Horned Owlet
'Brancher' ~ Recently fledged Great Horned Owl
California Quail
White-tailed Kite
White-tailed Kite with prey
White-tailed Kite aerial exchange
White-tailed Kite aerial exchange
White-tailed Kite aerial exchange
Troublemaker ~ Crow vs White-tailed Kite
Northern Mockingbird
Long-eared Owl
Long-eared Owl
Say's Phoebe
Say's Phoebe
Anna's Hummingbird
Common Yellowthroat
Great Blue Heron romance
California Gnatcatcher
California Thrashers
Meanwhile, back at the sushi bar... Osprey with early morning fish
House Finch
Peregrine Falcon
Peregrine Falcon
Peregrine Falcon (with a bit of blood on beak & talons)
Amorous Domestic Swan Geese
Canvasback
White-tailed Kite mating sequence
White-tailed Kite mating sequence
White-tailed Kite mating sequence
White-tailed Kite mating sequence
White-tailed Kite
Acorn Woodpecker
Bald Eagle
Bald Eagle
Sub-adult Bald Eagle
European Starling
Pied-billed Grebe
Acorn Woodpecker
Red-crowned Parrot (wild)
Western Scrub-jay
Red-breasted Sapsucker
White-crowned Sparrow
Surf Scoter
Muscle Up! Surf Scoter
Not So Lucky Rabbit's Feet ~ Juvenile Red Tail Hawk with the back hal ...
Red-tailed Hawk with rabbit lunch
Cedar Waxwing
Great Horned Owl
Big kids ~ Juvenile Great Horned Owls
Western Meadowlark
Long Jump ~ Black Crowned Night Heron
American Kestrel
Osprey
White-tailed Kite
Northern Pintail courtship display
Eye on Breakfast ~ Great Egret
Sushi Roll ~ Great White Egret
Willet
Horned Grebe
Dive! California Brown Pelican
Appetizer ~ California Brown Pelican
California Brown Pelican
Reddish Egret Fly-by
Well-Camouflaged ~ American Bittern
Skim off the top ~ Black Skimmer
Learning To Skim ~ Juvenile Black Skimmer
Black Necked Stilt
Getting the hang of my wings ~ Snowy Plover chick in the late evening ...
On Your Mark ~ Green Heron in the strike zone
Poser ~ Rosetta Spoonbill ... this one makes me smile...
Lovin' Spoonful ~ Rosetta Spoonbill
Seein' Double ~ Tri-Colored Heron
Black Necked Stilt Chick
Juvenile Tri-Colored Heron
Full Circle ~ An Anhinga comes in for a splash down landing
Waiting ~ American Avocet tending 4 eggs
Birthday ~ American Avocet parents switch-out on the nest waiting fo ...
Rearview ~ Newborn American Avocet Chick looks out on the big wide wo ...
Red Shouldered Hawk
Red Shouldered Hawk
Cooper's Hawk
American Robin
SWOOP ~ Anna's Hummingbird
R-E-A-C-H Anna's Hummingbird
Anna's Hummingbird
Learning to Drink - Mama Mallard & Duckling
First Day on the Water - Duckling & Mama Mallard
Mallard Duckling
Male Black-Chinned Hummingbird.
Flyin' Backwards ~ Male Black-Chinned Hummingbird
Anna's Hummingbird
Male Allen's Hummingbird
Male Allen's Hummingbird
Female Allen's Hummingbird
Male Allen's Hummingbird
Northern Harrier Female
Territorial Great Blue Herons
Special Delivery - Great Blue Heron Nest Building
Special Delivery - Great Blue Heron Nest Building
Special Delivery - Great Blue Heron Nest Building
Finishing Touches - Great Blue Heron Nest Building
Waiting for the Feedbag ~ Great Blue Heron 'babes' two days before fl ...
GOOSE! Snowy Egret antics
Trio - Great White Egrets flank a Snowy Egret on a gray morning in ...
Sushi Bar - Osprey with a big catch
Slurp!
Jealous ~ Snowy Egrets squabble over a fish.
The Maestro - "We have arrived at the place where everything is mu ...
On the Hunt ~ Osprey
Immature (2nd year) Black-crowned Night Heron
Contemplating the Fishing Ground - Juvenile Black-crowned Night Her ...
Curlew
Symmetry - Forster's Tern
Male Anna's Hummingbird lights up an otherwise dark & cloudy day.
Misty Sunrise ~ American White Pelican
Canada Geese ~ accidental motion blur, but I like it.
Canada Geese ~ Autumn sunrise lift-off
gallery pages:
1
Gallery Comments
|
hide gallery comments
|
Photo Website Hosting
by SmugMug Pro
·
·
·
·
Portions © 2013 SmugMug, Inc.
Available Feeds
Gallery Photos:
Atom
|
RSS
<|endofexample|>
[ATTENTION: This review reveals content of the movie.]
How do you translate an important subject into a movie? I don't think something like 'Pearl Harbour' is the answer. There are dogfight scenes which did not convince me. And a romance involving a daredevil pilot that seems can do nothing wrong - I suppose that's the hook for male teenagers. But most of the time no real drama or depth.
Note: The review posted on this page is a personal opinion of our reader. We are not responsible for its content.
<|endofexample|>
Monster cookies are an amalgam of oats, peanut butter and chocolate chip cookies with an assortment of nuts, candy and raisins thrown into the mix. All the stuff cookie monsters dream of.
I wonder if the cute, fuzzy cookie monster inspired the name or if they were named so because they are a monstrosity in and of themselves?! I like to think it’s a little of both.
I found two types of recipes for monster cookies; flourless and with flour. I made both. The flourless turn out flat and more on the crunchy side. My preference was for the soft, chewy, chunky, floury ones. They are far more fitting and deserving of the monster name.
Use any assortment and combination of candy, nuts or flavored chips: 3 and 1/2 cups worth. With this versatility the possibilities for flavors are endless. These have peanut m&m’s, chocolate chips and caramel pieces. What would go in your monster mix?
Monster cookies are an amalgam of oats, peanut butter and chocolate chip cookies with an assortment of nuts, candy and raisins thrown into the mix.
Ingredients
Instructions
- In a large bowl, combine peanut butter, butter, sugars and salt, beat until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in baking soda and vanilla. Stir in oats, M&M’s, chocolate chips and caramel. Let stand for 10 minutes. Stir in flour.
- Shape scant 1/4 cupfuls into balls. Place on greased baking sheets and gently flatten cookies. Bake at 325° for about 15 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Cool on wire racks.
Notes
Adapted from Taste of Home
Copyright ©2013 Cinnamon Spice and Everything Nice by Reeni Pisano All Rights Reserved. No copying or duplication of any content (including photos) without the express written permission from the owner of this website.
My daughter would love this.
WOW!! I have never been a bing fan of Paula Dean but you really made me want to try these cookies!
Mmm, yes please, these look completely addicting :)
hi..i'm ezra frm malaysia.i cannot stand myself from your super delicious recipe..esp those with choc based:)i look fwd to try them out! thanks for sharing:)
These cookies look so delicious – so many different fabulous flavors!!!
<|endofexample|>
A one-dish meal featuring meatballs with spicy corn, tomatoes and black beans.
To me, this recipe is all about the seasonings with [Read more...]
A one-dish meal featuring meatballs with spicy corn, tomatoes and black beans.
To me, this recipe is all about the seasonings with [Read more...]
Bubbly enchiladas loaded with black beans, corn, spinach and cheese baked in a smoky chile gravy.
For 11 years I lived a mere hour’s drive from the Mexican border. Sad to say [Read. [Read more...]. [Read. [Read more...]
Copyright © 2013 · innov8tive on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
<|endofexample|>
CircleCount helps you better understand Google+21,812,221 profiles indexed!
Jon Beres
Using Curiosity and Humor Every Day...
Occupation: I push electrons around for a living...I'm an IT Geek
Location: Glendale, California
His ProfilesRankThis is the rank of 'Jon Beres' out of all Google+ Profiles.: 75,346 (GenderRankFor the gender 'Men'.: 49,470)
His ProfilesRankThis is the rank of 'Jon Beres' out of all Google+ Profiles. in United States: 14,931 (GenderRankFor the gender 'Men'.: 10,114)
His CircleRankThis is the rank of 'Jon Beres' out of all indexed profiles and pages at CircleCount.com.: 87,122
His CircleRankThis is the rank of 'Jon Beres' out of all indexed profiles and pages at CircleCount.com. in United States: 14,955
Followers: 1,206
Following: 394
Added to CircleCount.com: 03/22/2012That's the date, where Jon Beres has been indexed by CircleCount.com.
This hasn't to be the date where the daily check has been started. (Update nowYou can update your stats by clicking on this link!
This can take a few seconds.)
Jon Be.
267 characters per posting'Current posts' means the last 50 posts that are at the most 4 weeks old. So this metric gives a picture of how many characters someone has used per post recently.
Latest postings
2013-05-17 08:03:42 (1 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
World's Richest Man....Today
So Bill Gate's fortune has reached 72.7 Billion dollars...up 16% year-to-date
Thank God we have the Bloomberg Billionaire's Index to count it all up for us everyday and let us know who's in the lead </end sarcasm>
...wouldn't you just like to have the .7 part?
See the whole story here:
2013-05-16 14:45:55 (3 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Colgate's Got a Plan
2013-05-16 04:23:46 (4 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Whowser
I went to work this morning and came home to my little Chromebook and a whole new Googleverse!!!
...Thank you Google (I think)...got a lot of work to do
2013-05-15 04:46:25 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
I Turn My Back for One Minute
Man, I was just getting into the Scratchpad to Google Keep thing and THIS happens
...resistance is futile
2013-05-10 13:48:46 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 2 +1s)
File This Under OUCH
...the Astronauts must have gotten tired of rebooting after updates!
2013-05-09 14:42:25 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Did Someone Just Turn a Corner?
2013-04-24 15:03:28 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Chasing Ideas and Answers
Have you considered how valuable Google+ can be for researching the things that interest you?
I noticed recently that I've been going "Into the Plus" more and more when I'm trying to find an answer on something...probably because I'm able to find folks that know what they're talking about (the ultimate time-saver!)
I'm finding Communities and Hangouts especially useful lately
...and I'm getting addicted to Saved Searches
Here's a great article by +David Masters that spells it all out a lot better than I can
#intotheplus
#evang+
2013-04-22 14:49:34 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 3 +1s)
Your dreams won't come true for sharing this picture within 30 seconds. This kid won't get $1 for every share/+1. I'm not going to use emotional blackmail to get shares/+1's.
I changed my mind. Every share this post gets, this kid gets another Smurf!
2013-04-22 14:32:14 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
iGoogle on Steroids?
2013-04-17 14:27:36 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
I'm 100% In On This
...could use him right about now
2013-04-16 14:33:44 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
The Cradle of Liberty
...my thoughts are with you
2013-04-15 19:33:53 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
This is Something I Can Get Behind
...or in front of, or...oh - you know what I mean!
2013-04-15 19:24:07 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Couldn't Resist
...let the discussion begin
2013-04-15 14:42:37 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
If You Build It, They Will Come
2013-04-15 14:38:55 (0 comments, 1 reshares, 0 +1s)
More Watch Wristing
With the latest rumors out of Redmond about Microsoft jumping into the Smartwatch market it got me to thinking
What are the folks at Rolex, Cartier, and Patek Philippe doing?
Maybe they're thinking about making a gold, jewel-encrusted version of this baby?
...after all Gates, Ellison, and Zuck need something for their wrists too don't they?
2013-04-15 14:24:58 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
G+Morning Plusers!
Once again it's Monday
...this is what I planned for this week
2013-04-12 14:18:21 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Why Didn't I Think of That?
2013-04-11 19:59:38 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
A Living Trust for Your Data
Proof that Google thinks of everything
...eventually
2013-04-11 14:59:46 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
If You Want Me
...I'll be out by the pool
2013-04-11 14:48:31 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Coffee Lifts Me Up! :)
Good #GingerThursday G+ #coffee lovers! Fear less, hope more; Eat less, chew more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Love more, and all good things will be yours.
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow." - Albert Einstein
"The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses." - David Storey
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
--------------------
Note: I will be trimming and sifting my Coffee Lovers circle in the next week or so. If you usually get notifications, and want to keep getting them, please say so. If you want to stop getting them, mention that too. (I'm almost done with this, r... more »
2013-04-11 14:28:48 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
The Glass Collective
Google Glass will be coming to the mainstream
...resistance is futile!
#googleglass
2013-04-11 14:07:24 (2 comments, 2 reshares, 2 +1s)
Sibling Rivalry
The Galaxy Mega
...looks like my Galaxy Note II is going to get a big brother (and sister)
Read a full review here:
2013-04-08 14:38:47 (2 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
G+Morning Plusers!
It's Monday and I need a cup of artificial enthusiasm
...this could last me all the way to lunch!
2013-04-04 15:03:32 (2 comments, 0 reshares, 2 +1s)
The Crossroads Guitar Festival
Eric Clapton is still Rockin' at 68 - and for a good cause too
...with a huge lineup of guitarslingers from Jeff Beck to Jimmie Vaughn, this 2-day event should absolutely crush you with joy
The event's in NYC at Madison Square Garden on April 12th and 13th...the proceeds help support the Crossroads Centre in Antigua, West Indies...a treatment facility for drug and alcohol addiction
Learn More Here:
...rock on "Old Sock"
2013-04-04 14:26:57 (2 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
It's Guilty Pleasure Time
2013-04-04 14:12:14 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Nuclear Missiles Hah!
Anonymous - making the world a safer place
...one Communist Dictator Twitter account at a time
2013-04-03 06:57:48 (12 comments, 0 reshares, 7 +1s)
Did Not Disappoint
Great Season Finale!
...I had to watch it twice
Favorite Line = Winona saying "well, at least nobody died"
2013-04-02 14:44:00 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
The King is Dead - Long Live the King
When Google announced Reader's demise, all of us Readerholics were bummed...but to the folks at Feedly, it was like Christmas morning...in 2 crazy weeks they went from around 4 million users to 7 million and they're now the heir apparent to Google Reader
Now they've launched a new mobile version, new features, and plans to charge for a premium version
...life is good in Feedlyville
2013-04-01 14:38:31 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
In Honor of the Day
The Top 20 Fools Songs
...I'm sure I'm in there somewhere
2013-03-28 19:26:23 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Here's a Quick Way to Become a G+ Networking Expert
Here's a precise, well-written article (with pictures too!) that will get you moving down the Google+ Networking path like a pro in no time
This info is perfect for the beginner but I'll bet even the most seasoned G+Pluser will pick up a tip or two! (his "View Ripples" tip alone is worth the read)
...and remember, as David says: "like everything you do on social media, be useful to others, be interested in others, and always be positive and professional."
Thanks +David Masters
2013-03-28 14:33:32 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 2 +1s)
Can I Play?
#gingerthursday
2013-03-28 03:50:54 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 2 +1s)
I Was Thinking
This sounds like a pretty cool feature...when watching a movie I've often wondered where I've seen an actor before or who was singing a background song...when that's happened, I just turned to my daughter and had her Google it on her phone...so now I can do it all by my lonesome
...but then I thought about how this might be applied to Google Glass
Isn't it just a natural leap or two before there's an App for Google Glass that works on every face - not just actors?...imagine walking down the street and being able to basically "Google" perfect strangers...it gives new meaning to the phrase "your face is like an open book"
Should I be thrilled or frightened? (I'm gonna go with thrilled for now)
2013-03-28 03:23:00 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
This is Great!
...but will one of these Language Packs help me understand my Teenager?
2013-03-27 19:36:54 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Microsoft Still Playing Catch Up
File this under "Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better Later"
2013-03-27 14:54:51 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
The Wheel Keeps on Turning
2013-03-27 03:43:56 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
This
2013-03-26 19:49:22 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Kick Out the Jams!
Every year this is just a great show to catch
This Year's Inductees Are:
- Albert King
- Heart
- Randy Newman (my personal fave this year)
- Public Enemy
- Rush
- Donna Summer
Unless you have tickets (which you probably don't), you'll have to catch the show on HBO on Saturday, May 18th (it's a Special Event)
...HBO Link
...everyone is just so happy to be performing, it's a ton of fun to watch!
2013-03-26 15:04:17 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Ear Candy
There's about 24 hours of music packed into these babies...hard to decide which one to listen to first
...I vote for the "White Album"
2013-03-26 14:58:07 (1 comments, 0 reshares, 2 +1s)
Why Does Every Crowder Fall For Ava?
...oh, right...I forgot
2013-03-26 14:17:03 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Your Next Bike?
Complete with disc brakes and solar panels
...you just can't ride anyone on the handlebars
2013-03-25 17:21:01 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 0 +1s)
Oh Well
I guess there's no such thing as too many Zombies
...I'm waiting for Zombie Survivor - That would be fun!
2013-03-25 14:11:45 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Take That Google Keep!
2013-03-25 00:30:58 (3 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Sometimes I Just Love Technology
Camping?...sure
...but a cold beer can make just about anything a lot better!
2013-03-21 20:22:39 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 2 +1s)
I'm In
I'm laughing already...
2013-03-21 14:28:12 (3 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
G+Morning Plusers!
Another 12 hour day approaches
...I need my vitamins
2013-03-21 03:49:30 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Hello Google Keep
Are you Google's way of trying to make me forget Reader?
...Ignore the man behind the curtain!
2013-03-20 06:33:29 (16 comments, 0 reshares, 5 +1s)
Wow
What a great episode!
...to paraphrase Raylan: those boys from Detroit underestimate those folks from Harlan - at their own peril!
As usual, I can't predict my way out of a paper bag
2013-03-19 05:35:33 (0 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Chromebooks for Everyone
2013-03-18 00:15:46 (1 comments, 0 reshares, 2 +1s)
AuthorRank | AuthorRank | AuthorRank
+Dimitri Lambermont has compiled a huge listing of AuthorRank articles and videos at this link
...it's almost too many!
But if you're trying to get a handle on what AuthorRank means in your Internet Life, browsing through at least a few of these will start to give you a grip
#authorrank
2013-03-15 19:46:27 (2 comments, 0 reshares, 1 +1s)
Resistance is Futile
Goodbye Reader...hello Google Play News
>.
<|endofexample|>
Aubrey - posted on 02/04/2010 ( 2 moms have responded )
5
10
So, My sons birthday is April 21st. He just went to his 9 month well check up yesterday. He weights 24lbs and is 29.5 inches long. 85% for both. He isn't crawling yet, but is trying to. He isnt able to sit up on his own, but it is getting better and he isn't babbling like he should be. He makes mostly noises and one sound like "da". But it isnt combined with two sounds like "da-da". So he is going to Childrens hospital to get an assessment for gross motor, fine motor and cognitive. Does anyone else have any issues like this? I'm worried but at the same time he is laughing and crying like an average baby. Advice??
2 CommentsView replies by
<|endofexample|>
This Friday the first of our new series of Cafe Exhibitions will open at the Circus Hostel, where we will be presenting the photography of the German-based Korean photographer Ilda Kim. The photographs come from a larger collection entitled “Unterwegs” (On the Road). Here is what Ilda says about his work:
Beginning
Upon looking at my Unterwegs photos, people often ask me where I took them.
It is essentially a spatial question. This extremely plain question prompted me to recognize the differences between me and others in perspectives for space and life. In other words, this provides my Unterwegs project with the necessary impetus.
Discovering Similarities Amongst Diversity
Travelling, or a momentary detachment from a society excites us with a sense of liberation, whose core element is the freedom from the reality. When the travelling becomes an incessant routine, however, it becomes another reality in itself. My life has reached a stage like this, and the constant travelling became my life to a large extent. Thus, while travelling, I find a sense of settlement from travelling instead of differences from diversity.
Recognition of memory fragments and afterimages while in motion
My internal interpretation, or mental image, of space is closely related to the modern methods of transportation. The modern transportation methods afford speed which is beyond what humans are naturally capable of, and this speed turns my memories into passing, blurry and unfocused shards of images. This is my memory about Unterwegs.
Transparent Barrier
In those shards of memories are vague reflections of other spaces, or reflections of internal spaces on the windows which form a barrier between the space I belong to, and the space outside. I, separated from the outside by the windows, become a spectator and an outsider. Images of Unterwegs may be an expression of an outsider who cannot assimilate with the space he can behold.
Ending
When viewed collectively, the images of Unterwegs loses the meaning as “Spatial Signs.”
Another meaning of settlement which is unique to a life of a nomad, and the fragments and afterimages of memories, or Unterwegs, are a reflection of self through the outside and a trip of identity.
The photographs will be hanging in the Circus Cafe from the 5th February 2011 until the 1st March 2011. There will be a small vernissage this Friday from 7pm, and the cafe is open from 8.30am until 8pm every single day of the week if you would like to come by and take a look…
<|endofexample|>
Search all CIRM Grants
Information about disease focus, human stem cell use or new cell line generation will typically not be available on the website until a few months after the award is announced. Disease categories are provided for awards that might impact a given disease or related area, whether those awards are for translational research on new therapy candidates or for basic research to address a biological question that is relevant to that disease.
<|endofexample|>
Home Skip to content Skip to navigation Skip to footer
Cisco.com Worldwide Home
This document discusses these items:
Improve the security of LDAP Directory Integration with Cisco Unified
CallManager (CUCM) with several configuration steps to restrict permissions.
These procedures improve both an existent and new installation of directory
integration.
The access and management of the directory require a special user and
group. Permissions are set on objects to restrict the dedicated user and group,
and the directory integration is then updated (for an existent install) or
completed (for a new install). Finally, the integration is
verified.
There are no specific requirements for this document.
This document is specific to Cisco Unified CallManager 4.x.
These steps, which are shown with the Microsoft Active Directory (AD),
can also apply to other supported directory products.
Refer to
Cisco
Technical Tips Conventions for more information on document
conventions.
Follow these steps for an existent directory integration:
Create a new group, such as CUCM Directory
Group.
Set the group permissions for directory
access.
Move the existent directory user to the new
group.
Remove the user from the old group; members can only be of the new
group.
Perform verification.
Follow these steps for an existent directory integration where a
dedicated account was not used:
Create a new user, such as CUCM Directory
Manager.
Make the user a member of the new group only.
Change CUCM to use the new user; modify the registry and ini
file.
Restart the Cisco Tomcat.
Change the password of the original account that had been
used.
Follow these steps for a new installation of Directory
Integration:
Set restrictions on this new group.
Put the new user into a group with Administrator privileges, for
example, Domain Admins.
Use the new user when you install the plug-in.
Move the user to the newly created CUCM Directory
Group.
Set the new group as the primary group for the admin
user.
Remove this user from the old group, which must no longer be a
member of any other group.
Perform Verification with this procedure:
Create a new user, ccmtest, in the directory
(on the directory server).
Check that the ccmtest user is listed in CUCM
Users.
Change the PIN of the ccmtest on the CUCM User Configuration
page.
Ensure that the field is updated in the
directory.
Change ciscoCCNatCTIUseEnabled to True for ccmtest
in the directory.
Confirm that the Enable CTI Application Use check
box is checked for ccmtest in CUCM.
Delete ccmtest user.
Ensure that only wanted parts of the tree are visible with an LDAP
browser: must not be able to view anything outside the Cisco Organizational
Unit (OU) or Users OU.
Note: The names that are used here for the dedicated account and group are
CUCM Directory Manager and CUCM Directory
Group, respectively, but you can choose different names.
Choose Start > Programs >
Administrative Tools > Active Directory Users and
Computers.
Follow these steps to create the new group:
Right-click the Users container.
Choose New > Group.
Enter the Group name,
scope, and type,
such as CUCM Directory Group, Global, and
Security.
Click Next.
Click Finish.
The group must be granted these rights:
Read/Write/Create all child objects/
Delete all child objects on the Cisco OU
Read/Write/Create all child objects/
Delete all child objects on the Cisco OU
These rights must apply to this object and all child objects.
Read privileges on the Users OU,
Read/Write privileges on the ciscoatGUID,
ciscoatUserProfile, and ciscoatUserProfileString
attributes for all User objects.
Read privileges on the Users OU,
Read/Write privileges on the ciscoatGUID,
ciscoatUserProfile, and ciscoatUserProfileString
attributes for all User objects.
Follow these steps to set the Read/Write/Create privileges on the Cisco
OU:
Right-click the Cisco container.
Choose Properties.
Choose the Security tab.
Click Advanced.
Click Add....
Enter CCM Directory Group.
Set Apply onto field to This object and
all child objects.
Check Allow for Read All
Properties.
Check Allow for Write All
Properties.
Check Allow for Create All Child
Objects.
Check Allow for Delete All Child
Objects.
Click OK.
Follow these steps to set Read privileges on the Users OU:
Right-click the Users container.
Choose Properties.
Choose the Security tab.
Set Apply onto field to user objects.
Follow these steps to set Read/Write privileges on the Cisco
attributes:
Check Allow for Read ciscoatGUID, Read
ciscoatUserProfile, ReadatUserProfileString.
Check Allow for Write ciscoatGUID, Write
ciscoatUserProfile, Write atUserProfileString.
Follow these steps to create a new user:
Choose New > User.
Enter the name and logon name,
such as, CUCM Directory Manager, ccmdiruser.
Fill in the Password and Confirm
Password fields.
Check the Password Never Expires check box.
Follow these steps to move the user to a new group and remove from the
old group:
Choose the Users OU.
Right-click ccmdiruser and choose
Properties.
Choose the Member Of tab.
Enter the CCM Directory
Group.
Choose the CCM Directory
Group.
Click Set Primary Group.
Choose the old group.
Click Remove.
Three steps are required to change CUCM to use the new user:
Obtain the encrypted password.
Set the account and password in the registry.
Set the account and password in the DC Directory initialization
file.
Note: Although the password that is used here is
for demonstration purposes, you
must use a complex password instead.
Choose Start > Run.
Enter cmd.
Enter cd C:\dcdsrvr\bin.
Caution: If you edit the wrong registry key or make a mistake while you edit
the registry, your system can be unusable until you repair the registry. You
must backup your registry before you make any changes. Make sure that you know
how to restore the registry from the backup before you continue. Because an
explanation of how to maintain the server registry is beyond the scope of this
document, consult your system documentation for this information.
Enter regedit and click
OK.
Browse to \\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Cisco Systems,
Inc.\Directory Configuration within the registry.
In the right pane, double-click the MGRDN registry
key.
Change the user, for example, Administrator >
ccmdiruser.
Double-click the MGRPW registry key.
Change the encrypted password with the value obtained from the
PasswordUtils tool.
Exit Regedit.
Follow these steps to set the account and password in the DC Directory
ini file:
Choose Start > Run.
Enter notepad
C:/dcdsrvr/DirectoryConfiguration.ini and click
OK.
Change the value to the right of
passwd= to the encrypted password that you
obtained from the PasswordUtils tool.
Choose File > Save.
Choose File > Exit.
Follow these steps to restart the Cisco Tomcat service:
Choose Programs > Administrative
Tools > Services.
Right-click Cisco Tomcat and choose
Restart.
Follow these steps to verify that the temporary ccmtest user is in the
CUCM Directory:
From the CUCM Administration pages, choose User
> Global Directory.
Press the Search button.
Ensure that the ccmtest user is in the list of
users.
Follow these steps to change the PIN of the ccmtest user:
Choose ccmtest at the User
Information Page.
Press the Change... button.
Enter a 5-digit PIN, for example,
12345.
Press the Update and Close
buttons.
Use a directory browser to choose the Cisco
OU.
Navigate to CCN > profiles
> ccm-test-CCNProfile.
Ensure that the CiscoCCNatPIN field has the new
value.
Follow these steps to change the ciscoCCNatCTIUseEnabled field:
Modify ciscoCCNatCTIUseEnabled to
true.
Refresh the User Configuration page
for user ccmtest.
Ensure that the Enable CTI Application Use check
box is now marked.
Follow these steps to delete the ccmtest user:
Right-click ccmtest and choose
Delete.
Choose Yes to confirm.
<|endofexample|>
The Bell-LaPadula model is used to enforce access control within the government and military. It was developed by David Elliott Bell and Leonard J. LaPadula, hence the funny name. The Bell-LaPadula model focuses on confidentiality. While the formal model may not be applicable for most uses, the terminology and concepts are still important to passing the CISSP exam. As you review the model, think of the military uses of clearance levels, it will make understanding easier.
Unclassified < Confidential < Secret < Top Secret
In a nutshell, the Bell-LaPadula model prevents a user with a Secret clearance from viewing a Top Secret document (no read up). It also prevents a user from putting Top Secret information within a Secret document (no write down). In this model, the entities are divided into subjects and objects. Think of subjects as users and objects as computers or documents. To determine whether access is allowed, the clearance of a subject is compared to the classification of the object and a determination is made as to whether the subject is authorized for the specific access mode.
No read up
Fred wants to read a document. Using the Bell-LaPadula model, we’d first determine the classification of the document (the object). Then we’d determine the clearance of Fred (the subject). If the document is classified as Top Secret, but Fred only has a Secret clearance, then we wouldn’t let Fred read it. If Fred had a clearance that was equal to or higher than the document, like Top Secret, then we’d allow this. Similarly, if the document had a classification that was equal to or lower than Fred’s clearance, then we’d also allow it.
No write down
Fred would like to add a page to the document. First we’d first determine the classification of the page he wants to add. Then we’d determine the classification of the document. If the page that Fred wants to add is classified as Top Secret, and the document he wants to add it to is classified Secret, then we’d tell Fred “no”, and send him on his way. If Fred wanted to add a page that was equal to, or lower classification level than the book, then we’d allow this. Likewise, if the book had a classification that was equal or higher than the classification of the page Fred wants to add, then this would be fine.
No related posts.
It was pretty easy for me to understand how someone would not be able to “read up”, or get access to a document or file that they were not cleared for but I had a hard time understanding “writing down”. This article made it easy for me to understand.
“Fred wants to read a document. Using the Bell-LaPadula model, we’d first determine the classification of the document (the subject). Then we’d determine the clearance of Fred (the subject).”
Shouldn’t this be “the document (the object)”?
Anon – Thanks for the correction, I updated the post.
<|endofexample|>
CITES Workshop on Introduction from the Sea Issues
30 November - 2 December 2005, Geneva, Switzerland
Decision 13.18
on Introduction from the Sea, adopted at the 13th meeting of the
Conference of the Parties to CITES (Bangkok, 2004), directs the
Standing Committee, with the assistance of the CITES Secretariat,
to convene a workshop on introduction from the sea to consider implementation
and technical issues. At its 53rd meeting (Geneva, June 2005), the
Standing Committee, on the advice of its clearing-house, decided
on the agenda for the workshop and agreed that the workshop would
be chaired by the Chairman of the Standing Committee, Ambassador Cristian
Maquieira.
The workshop will be held in Geneva, Switzerland, from 30 November
to 2 December 2005 (only in English). Participants will include
government officials from CITES Management and Scientific Authorities
and government-nominated fisheries experts from all six CITES geographic
regions, as well as representatives of the Food and Agriculture
Organization of the United Nations, the UN Office of Legal Affairs
Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea, the World Customs
Organization, the European Commission, the North East Atlantic Fisheries
Commission and three non-governmental organizations (TRAFFIC International,
IWMC-World Conservation Trust and Species Survival Network).
The purpose of the workshop is to prepare a report on which all
CITES Parties can comment and which will provide the basis for the
Secretariat to prepare a discussion paper and draft resolution for
consideration at the 54th meeting of the Standing Committee (Geneva,
October 2006) and at the 14th meeting of the Conference of the Parties
(tentatively June 2007). During the course of the workshop, participants
will take into account the two FAO Expert Consultations on implementation
and legal issues, and documents presented and discussions that occurred
at the 11th and 13th meetings of the Conference of the Parties on
these issues. Click here
to see the provisional agenda for the workshop, together with a
list of relevant background documents.
<|endofexample|>
Predico: A System for What-if Analysis in Complex Data Center Applications Middleware 2011
edited by: Fabio Kon, Anne-Marie Kermarrec
Formatted Citation
Show HTML
Likes (beta)
View FullText article
Abstract
Modern data center applications are complex distributed systems with tens or hundreds of interacting software components. An important management task in data centers is to predict the impact of a certain workload or reconfiguration change on the performance of the application. Such predictions require the design of “what-if” models of the application that take as input hypothetical changes in the application’s workload or environment and estimate its impact on performance. We present Predico, a workload-based what-if analysis system that uses commonly available monitoring information in large scale systems to enable the administrators to ask a variety of workload-based “what-if” queries about the system. Predico uses a network of queues to analytically model the behavior of large distributed applications. It automatically generates node-level queueing models and then uses model composition to build system-wide models. Predico employs a simple what-if query language and an intelligent query execution algorithm that employs on-the-fly model construction and a change propagation algorithm to efficiently answer queries on large scale systems. We have built a prototype of Predico and have used traces from two large production applications from a financial institution as well as real-world synthetic applications to evaluate its what-if modeling framework. Our experimental evaluation validates the accuracy of Predico’s node-level resource usage, latency and workload-models and then shows how Predico enables what-if analysis in two different applications.
<|endofexample|>
Thermodynamic properties of d-glucose in aqueous 1-hexyl-3-methylimidazolium bromide solutions at 298.15K
Formatted Citation
Show HTML
Likes (beta)
View FullText article
Abstract
Various thermodynamic and thermophysical properties, such as density, molar conductivity, and refractive index for d-glucose + ionic liquid, 1-hexyl-3-methylimidazolium bromide ([HMIm]Br), + H2O solutions have been measured at 298.15 K. The calculated volumetric properties containing standard partial molar volumes () and corresponding transfer volumes () were used to interpret solute–solvent interactions. An increase was observed in the and values with increasing the ionic liquid concentration. This observation indicates that there are interactions between [HMIm]Br and the hydrophilic OH and O groups of d-glucose, providing that the ionic liquid has a dehydration effect on the d-glucose solutions. To confirm this result, limiting molar conductivities (Î0) and ion association constants (Ka) for [HMIm]Br in aqueous d-glucose solutions have been estimated by low concentration Chemical Model (lcCM). These quantities decrease with increasing the concentration of d-glucose, suggesting strong interactions between the ionic liquid and d-glucose. The values of molar refractions (RD) obtained from refractive index measurements show an increase upon increasing both d-glucose and the ionic liquid concentrations. It was also attempted to make a comparison between the results obtained here and those of our previous works to investigate the effect of the cation size of ionic liquid on the solute–solvent interactions. âº Thermodynamic properties of d-glucose + [HMIm]Br + H2O solutions were studied. âº Densities, conductivities, and refractive indices of the solutions were measured. âº Interactions of the ionic liquid with the polar groups of d-glucose were observed. âº These interactions increase with the rise of the concentration of the ionic liquid.
<|endofexample|>
Structural diversity of amyloid fibril formed in human calcitonin as revealed by site-directed 13C solid-state NMR spectroscopy
Formatted Citation
Show HTML
Likes (beta)
View FullText article
Abstract
Fibril formation in human calcitonin (hCT) from aqueous solution at pH 4.1 was examined and compared with those at pH 3.3 and 7.5 corresponding to three different net charges by means of site-directed 13C solid-state NMR spectroscopy. Notably, the observed 13C chemical shifts and lineshapes of the 13C CP/MAS spectra differed substantially among fibrils prepared at different pHs. It was found that antiparallel β-sheet structures were formed at pH 7.5 and 4.1 in the central core regions. In the C-terminal region, random coils were formed at both pH 7.5 and 4.1, although the random coil region at pH 4.1 was larger than that at pH 7.5. Fibrillation kinetics analyzed by a two-step autocatalytic reaction mechanism showed that the rate constants k1 and k2 for nucleation and maturation reactions of the fibril formation, respectively, were separately determined and the values correlated well with the net positive charges of Lys18 and His20 rather than the existence of a negative charge of Asp15. Further, an attempt was made to assess interatomic distances between amide nitrogen and carbonyl carbon of neighboring chains of 13C, 15N-labeled hCT and a model pentapeptide by 13C REDOR measurements by taking into account its dipolar interaction analyzed by the 3 spin system proposed previously. A unique chain packing of the antiparallel β-sheets was proposed as a dominant fibril structure, although the possibility of a contribution of chain packing consisting of sliding one or two residues perpendicular to the fibril direction cannot be ruled out. In addition, it appears that the phenyl rings of Phe16 are aligned on the same side of the β-sheet and make the β-sheet stable by forming π–π interactions between the β-strands. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
<|endofexample|>
Back to Inverness, AL housing info,
Bullock County, Alabama, AL smaller cities, AL small cities, All Cities.
We are giving away $1200 in prizes - enter simply by sending us your own city pictures!
Please wait while loading the map...
Bullock County
Inverness, AL residents, houses, and apartments details
Current Local Time: CST time zone
Elevation: 417 feet
Land area: 169.4 square miles.
0 residents are foreign born
Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units in 2000:
Nearest city with pop. 50,000+: Montgomery, AL (40.8 miles , pop. 201,568).
Nearest city with pop. 1,000,000+: Houston, TX (591.6 miles , pop. 1,953,631).
Nearest cities: Banks-Josie, AL (3.0 miles ),
Union Springs, AL (3.4 miles ),
Needmore, AL (3.5 miles ),
Banks, AL (3.5 miles ),
Midway, AL (3.9 miles ),
Fitzpatrick, AL (4.0 miles ),
Troy, AL (4.2 miles ),
Louisville, AL (4.2 miles ).
Latitude: 31.97 N, Longitude: 85.75 W
Area code commonly used in this area: 334
Unemployment by year (%)
Based on data reported by over 4,000 weather stations
Back to the top
Inverness-area historical tornado activity is near Alabama state average. It is 110% greater than the overall U.S. average.
On 4/18/1969, a category F4 (max. wind speeds 207-260 mph) tornado 18.5 miles away from the Inverness place center killed 2 people and injured 14 people and caused between $50,000 and $500,000 in damages.
On 12/19/1974, a category F3 (max. wind speeds 158-206 mph) tornado 10.0 miles away from the place center caused between $50,000 and $500,000 in damages.
Political contributions by individuals in Inverness, AL
Click to draw/clear place borders
Notable location: Almeria Fire Department (A). Display/hide its location on the map
Churches in Inverness include: Mount Hilliard Church (A), Mount Olive Church (B), Mount Zion Church (C), Mountain View Church (D), New Hope Church (E), Old Union Grove Church (F), Pine Grove Baptist Church (G), Pleasant Grove Church (H), Mount Harmon Baptist Church (I). Display/hide their locations on the map
Cemeteries: Hubbard Cemetery (1), Dasinger Cemetery (2), Mount Calvary Cemetery (3), Elizabeth Cemetery (4), Walter Cemetery (5), Sardis Cemetery (6), Perote Cemetery (7). Display/hide their locations on the map
Lakes and reservoirs: Gibson Lake (A), Hobbie Lee Lake (B), Green Acres Lake (C), Greens Pond (D), Thad Greens Lake (E), White Oak Lakes (F), Martin Lake (G), Goodman Lake (H). Display/hide their locations on the map
Streams, rivers, and creeks: Perote Creek (A), Mountain Creek (B), Mill Creek (C), Little Sandy Creek (D), Little Conecuh River (E), East Creek (F), Double Creek (G), Double Branch (H), Bogue Chitta Creek (I). Display/hide their locations on the map
Detailed information about poverty and poor residents in Inverness, AL
Educational Attainment (%)
School Enrollment by Level of School (%)
Most commonly used house heating fuel:.
<|endofexample|>
Fresh off the premiere of Lifetime’s unintentionally hilarious monstrosity, Liz and Dick, comes a new chapter of a love story that defines a generation. This week, Liz Lemon and Criss Chross will be joined in holy hotdog matrimony on 30 Rock (8 p.m. Thursday, NBC).
For six years, audiences have watched the nerdy, night-cheese-eating, workaholic Liz transform into a woman who … well, is still all of those things, but can now hold a stable relationship with a relatively normal man (played by James Marsden)!
But Liz has come a ways in this seventh and final season: She’s made peace with being the breadwinner while maintaining a feminine role in her relationship, she’s discovered that organization is her aphrodisiac and she even has the maturity to discuss conception instead of referring to any future offspring as plants.
Could Liz’s wedding party be made up of her ragtag group of exes? How will Jenna react to sharing the spotlight with a fellow bride-to-be? Does Liz still have her “$4,000 ham napkin” wedding gown from Season 2? Will we get to see a montage of Liz trying on dresses as Tracy gives expressive feedback, set to an upbeat ’80s Pop song? The low-key duo will probably just get a quickie marriage license at the courthouse, but a fangirl can dream.
True Lizbians will likely want to celebrate with their own at-home receptions, so here are a few tips. Just like in Liz’s everyday life, food will play a huge role in this celebration. Any good Lemon-approved spread will include plenty of shrimp, cheesy blasters and Sabor de Soledad (or any imported, off-brand “cheez curlz”). Liz typically drinks a classy spritzer of Sprite and white wine, but I’d guess the couple’s signature cocktail would involve bacon-flavored vodka. Dress in your finest PJs (Night Spanx if you’re feeling sassy).
WEDNESDAY NOV.
Christmas in Rockefeller Center (8 p.m., NBC) -– Watch the 80th annual lighting of the tree in NYC; stick around for your favorite Saturday Night Live holiday sketches at 9 p.m.
Modern Family (9 p.m., ABC) – Mitch reluctantly joins Cam in trying to save an old tree in the park; Jay and Manny feel out of place at an athletically themed children’s party; Gloria’s “pregnancy brain” becomes an issue during a Costco trip with Claire.
American Horror Story: Asylum (10 p.m., FX) – A dark angel (Frances Conroy, who played old Moira in AHS Season One) enters the scene. The presence helps some but terrifies the possessed Sister Mary Eunice. Kit goes to great lengths to reunite with Grace.
THURSDAY NOV. 29
It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia (10 p.m., FX) – Charlie and Frank suit up to help the old real estate company with a big business deal, but the office isn’t quite what Frank remembers.
The League (10:30 p.m., FX) – Pete fights a man in a wheelchair (JB Smoove) for a pair of shoes. The others question his athleticism.
FRIDAY NOV. 30
Whisker Wars (10 p.m., IFC) – After considering leaving the world of competitive facial hair for good, Jack Passion returns to the game with whiskered wrath in New York.
SUNDAY DEC. 2
Dexter (9 p.m., Showtime) – Hannah’s father makes a surprise appearance. I really hope the show didn’t introduce that creepy arson specialist just to reveal that he himself is the phantom.
The Walking Dead (Midseason Finale, 9 p.m., AMC) – What an exciting ride it’s been, watching this superfan show return with such a vengeance after a lackluster second season! To keep us fans hungrier than one of Milton’s experimental zombies, AMC is giving us another midseason break this time around, returning with eight new episodes in February 2013. But with the impending collide of Woodbury vs. The Prison, this is sure to be packed with finale-worthy action. Comic fave Tyreese (The Wire’s Chad Coleman) is rumored to make his TV debut.
Boardwalk Empire (Season Finale, 9 p.m., HBO) – The war is on. Chalky and Capone challenge Masseria; Nucky reaches out to Rothstein; Margaret deals with a solitary battle; Harrow returns to Artemis with an arsenal, hopefully taking out both Gyp and Gillian.
Homeland (10 p.m., Showtime) – Brody considers resigning from Congress and giving up his bid for Veep; Saul looks into Quinn’s true role with the CIA; Carrie’s car is discovered wrecked and abandoned.
TUESDAY DEC. 4
Sons of Anarchy (Season Finale, 10 p.m., FX) – Jax makes a deal that washes his hands of long-standing problems.
Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show (10 p.m., CBS) – Boobies and Bieber. For some, that’s all it takes.
CONTACT JAC KERN: jkern@citybeat.com or @jackern
<|endofexample|>
In the swelling tide of Dance producers with great ears, a metric ton of talent and the laser-focused potential to take Electronic Dance music to an exponentially higher level, few stars shine as bright as Pierce Fulton. Recently spotlighted by genre bible Mixmag in their “Keep An Eye On” column, Fulton is one of the most gifted boardsmen among the Dance scene’s Nu Skool producers, an amazing accomplishment for the 19-year-old Vermont native.
<|endofexample|>
Daily Reading
Genesis 3:1-13
Reflection
Wouldn't it be easier if every temptation came with a neon light that flashed "TEMPTATION?" We would be suspicious from the very beginning. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Temptation is subtle, alluring and unique to each of us. As Adam and Eve illustrated in the Garden, every temptation seems rational and appealing playing on our desires to be in control of our own lives. At the core, every temptation has the potential of revealing a distrust in God. Instead of questioning our motive to partake of the "forbidden fruit," we question and suspect God. Do we not learn from past mistakes? Could it be that the very thing we are longing and searching for is actually found in a relationship with God? Could it be that God is actually faithful, loving and cares for us more deeply than we can even fathom? Again, every temptation has the potential of revealing a distrust in God, because with every temptation a choice is given. What is your "forbidden fruit?" What form does it come in? And better yet, what will you choose this Lenten season?
Faithful God, we long for you and yet we run after other things to fulfill that longing that is solely meant for you. Forgive us for suspecting you rather than questioning the various things that we embrace. With every temptation you provide a way out, give us the strength to choose you. >
<|endofexample|>
+myConnections: Engage your community - connect to news, events and information you care about. View more information...
Connie Hall
2 points
MARILYN MILLER
Tiffanny Garrison
Personalize your online experience to stay up-to-date on news, events and other information.
555
Stay in touch with us by following us on Twitter, becoming our friend on Facebook, or subscribing to one of our RSS Feeds.
<|endofexample|>
+
May 24
1400 Main Street
May 29
1400 Main Street
View all calendars is the default. Choose Select a Calendar to view a specific calendar. 12, 9:00 AM - August 10, 4:00 PM @ 355 E. Bob Jones Road
This camp introduces the concepts of physics, chemistry and biology to campers. It is all about the art of wondering and learning.
July 30, 9:30 AM - 10:30 AM @ 307 Parkwood Dr
July 30, 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM @ 307 Parkwood Dr
July 30, 10:30 AM - 11:30 AM @ 307 Parkwood Dr
July 30, 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM @ 307 Parkwood Dr
July 30, 3:51 PM - August 30 @ Senior Activity Center
Bring a funny story about your pet! You will enjoy hot dogs and other treats.
<|endofexample|>
Mil.
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
Michael Bay's muscle-headed neo-noir is stuck in an absurd, tan world
David O. Russell's tale of a manic-depressive, ironically, lacks emotion
The rise, fall, and imminent rebirth of the zebra-striped wonderpants
A look ahead at the season's hottest filmsen ... More >>
Comedian teams up again with Adam McKay
Actors go lowbrow for Shawn Levy film
Over the past decade, bubble gum pop stars from Taylor Swift to Mariah Carey drew crowds as large as 15,000 people to the mall's rotunda.
We'd like to pretend that's all you get with a UMD degree, but it's not really true.
Movie reads Miranda Rights to optimistic audiences
The Coen brothers, Gus Van Sant, Michael Moore, and Leonardo DiCaprio colonized screens at the French film fest
'Departed' hero of the Hong Kong new wave returns the compliment
Air conditioning helps as sequels and remakes compete for your summer movie dollar
The Everything Movie lands on all four of our film critics' top 10 lists
'I Huckabees' plants a sloppy kiss on our empty surface
'The Truth About Charlie' appears inconclusive
Tim Burton's outsider art survives even the brute commercialism of Planet of the Apes
Temptation Island and The Mole: Seven deadly sins of highly effective networks
A young director's body of work grows by The Yards
Rising rap star Slug is a master at putting words in order. Now why won't his life fall into place?
P.T. Anderson's Magnolia withers under the weight of its ambition
The gallows comedy Three Kings returns to the dark eye of Desert Storm
With her sophomore outing Da Real World, Missy Elliot empowers her pocketbook--and not much else
Melodrama's tears fill The Deep End of the Ocean; violence's softer side makes for a tender Corruptor
Cruel Intentions consummates Hollywood's latest seduction of American youth
What Does Sarah Pettit's Firing Mean for the Nation's Largest Gay Magazine?
On the Straight and Narrow: Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting.
Into the Mix: Mark Wahlberg and Burt Reynolds in Boogie Nights.
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
Ice Cubes
The last time I saw Joe Tartaglia — the 44 year old co-proprietor of Connie’s Ric Rac in the Italian Market — he saw me walking my greyhound around the neighborhood on a chilly early afternoon and told me that he had a friend who sold custom-made dog coats that played music.
“It’s like a dog iPod in his coat,” said Joe. “You should call him.”
That was the Little Joe Brown, or Joe Jr., or whatever-you-called him I knew: always something absurd at the conversational ready and always hustling, whether it was for his live music and comedy outpost on Ninth Street or someone else’s game.
Joe passed away this week after a long battle with brain cancer. I had heard he was sick but assumed, like everything else in the Market that he would always be there no matter what the trouble. Like the rest of his family — his dad Joe, mom Connie, brother Frankie — young Joe Tartaglia was a daily part of my life, and their struggles to get Connie’s Ric Rac off the ground and liquor-licensed a long time part of my reporting.
The other night, the Ric Rac (which is literally right behind my house) opened its doors and let his friends rock the joint despite the family’s loss. They said that Joey would have wanted it that way. I disagree. I think he would have liked it to be just a little louder.
Rest in peace, Joe.
Normally, you’d say that we can’t truly miss somebody if they don’t go away. Luckily, it is Questlove/?uestlove we’re talking about — the ultimate Philadelphian whose re-location to Manhattan would seem final if he always here. (Take last month’s Fluid finale.)
But he’s got that a chicken-and-cupcake business with Stephen Starr at Chelsea Market.
He’s got that Tonight Show gig.
And now there are plans for a book tour to accompany his debut (you know they’ll be more) memoir, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove.
June 1’s Roots Picnic along the waterfront is a month away as of today. Spinna, a gig whose live entertainment features the Joseph A. Ferko String Band. Out-dazzle the Mummers, Quest, I dare you. #Hashtag Media videographer, manager and producer Craig Kaplan helped set up Quest and Vetri two years ago and got the busy twosome together for this charitable bash again in 2013. Kaplan is currently shooting Vetri video stuff for GCE around town. Maybe Quest will slip in for his close up. Tix and info here.
The now 32 year old AIGA Philadelphia, the first local chapter of all the American Institute of Graphic Arts chapters, does a lot of good things. OK, they have a lot of meetings and lectures about doing good things in relation to Philly’s graphic design art and business scene. One thing that AIGA-P chapter president Allan Espiritu and ex-City Paper graphics guy Kevin Kernan and their dozens of members don’t do nicely by is their t-shirt collection, as this group paints over and wrecks them every spring for their annual T-Shirt Design Show and sale, “Off the Rack.” The start of the sale and exhibition is tonight, First Friday April 5 (starting at 6 p.m.) and all shirts, designed its membership, will be sold at $20.00 and 30% of the proceeds will go to benefit operations at AIGA SPACE (72 N. Second St.) These guys serve a lot of beer and a lot of wine, so whether you want to or not, you’ll find yourself with a bushel of new shirts by night’s end.
This weekend, Philadelphia’s most prominent media-centric dynasty (as if we had a bunch) the Robertses of Comcast/Universal/Xfinity fame made their presence known at several top notch events. If I had known, I would have brought my bill.
I knew this was happening since last spring, that Fluid/Latest Dish owner Tony Schiro was putting his double decker positively Fourth Street nightclub and eatery on the market.
We were simply waiting for the dancing shoe to drop. But still, thanks to Questo, it got dropped early. Ahmir “Questlove” Thompson, an occasional DJ at Fluid, hit up his preferred mode of communication: Twitter, with the news. If you check Q’s responses, the information was a shock to Fluid fans and DJs alike such as that club’s occasional contributor Cosmo Baker.
A last big bash is being planned for Fluid’s finale — a Tastytreats bash starring Questlove, Mike Nyce, and Yameen Allworld on April 6. Then both spaces will shutter April 7.
That said, rumors have been swirling for months about who would take the off-South behemoth complete with top notch kitchen amenities and a dancefloor with a tile grotto next to it. Would they split up? Would the dreaded idea of “condos” come into play? Most recently, word has it that a single primary buyer is interested in taking the whole tamale and keeping it in the food and entertainment business. Stay tuned. And so long Fluid. We’ll miss you.
Valentine’s Day is for lovers, I get that. Still, if you adore fashion and you dig doing good perhaps you can merge all that l’amour into one outing. You could do that tonight, Feb. 14, as fashion designer/Project Runway All Stars winner and AIDS advocate Mondo Guerra hits up 17th Street’s Hotel Palomar to benefit ActionAIDS’ Dining Out for Life program with a Fashion in Action event featuring t-shirts of his design and nibbles from Square 1682.
Guerra — who goes mostly by his first name, “Mondo” — has spent time in Philly before. He did the AIDS Walk here two years ago, loves the city’s sense of history and winding streets (“they’re so narrow,” he says) and appreciates the buzz he gets here after living in New York City for so long. Most crucially, he’s impressed by this city’s dedication to AIDS/HIV education and activism. “We are all activists. Philly’s big on that. Anyone can get involved from any community that you are a part of. I get asked that all the time. It’s easier than you think.”
Philadelphia knows Brendan Bring’Em the DJ for his Sherman’s March-like rush on this city’s best dance clubs, to say nothing of his on-stage antics (at one time or another) for Jay-Z and the Beastie Boys.
Locals know Brendan Olkus the artist as the fascinatingly odd creator of tribal gas masks and ritual-heavy paintings whose images portray gorgeous displays of bloodshed.
That these two separate but equal personalities should meet on one project — his self designed, built and co-owned up-coming first-ever club, Emmaline (named after his grandmother) — is a bonus to say nothing of the fact that it’s the biggest thing he’s ever done. Olkus is setting up in the unused space below the nightspot Industry XIX on 19th and Chestnut, a room that has remained empty for a minute with its own speakeasy-like entry way alley on 19th Street. While there will be a hard hat friends-and-family opening in the next 10 to 12 days, Olkus intends to be fully opened, six days a week, within 16 days.
“One of the prettiest sights in this pretty world is that of the privileged classes enjoying their privileges.”
—Katharine Hepburn, The Philadelphia Story
Last Monday night at the Kimmel Center, about 400 members of the Philadelphia theater community got together to finish what the Theater Alliance started — they gave away the remaining awards meant to be part of the annual Barrymores along with a posthumous Lifetime Achievement prize to Wilma Theater co-founder Jiri Zizka.
An honorary and voluntary committee of local stage artisans pulled off "Theatre Philadelphia: A Celebration” without a hitch. Each presentation for the $10,000 F. Otto Haas Award for an emerging artist was outrageous fun, in particular Alex Bechtel & Co.’s “Dream Weaver” cover dedicated to nominee Thom Weaver as well as Lee Ann Etzold’s bare-breasted salute to her Bang co-star and creator Charlotte Ford (actor and 11th Hour Theatre Company co-founder Steve Pacek won the Haas). The $25,000 Brown Martin Philadelphia Award for theater companies celebrating cultural and spiritual diversity went to Flashpoint Theatre Company, for last season's Slip/Shot drama about race penned by Philly playwright Jacqueline Goldfinger, who had already had won a Barrymore for outstanding new play this year. Along with those awards, a new seasonally recurring $10K gift was announced — the June and Steve Wolfson Award for an outstanding small theater company.
Jiri Zizka was celebrated by his son, Krystof, and ex-wife, Blanka Zizka for his dedication to advancing the avant-garde as artistic director and co-founder of the Wilma Theater, and helping turn Philadelphia into an adventuresome theater town.
Along with lionizing Zizka, Theater Philadelphia poked fun at the departure of its red-carpet Barrymores as well as bemoaning the loss of the Philadelphia Inquirer’s full-time theater critic Howard Shapiro, a staffer who took a buyout rather than be moved to the paper’s New Jersey bureau.
No sooner than I mention Philly’s Bradley Cooper and his 2013 schedule he goes and gets himself additional plans that’ll keep him squarely on the East Coast for some time. Last night, word got out that he’ll be part of the next Cameron Crowe film with Emma Stone. Whether that means a Singles or a Vanilla Sky, we have no clue as yet. (JUST DON’T MAKE IT ANOTHER WE BOUGHT A ZOO, PLEASE!) Today, The Vulture reports that a big part of getting Coop to the Crowe comes down to the film’s producer Scott Rudin. Word has it that Rudin will massage Cooper’s ego and his thesssssspian bug by trying to get a three-month run of The Elephant Man, the Coop’s favorite play that he spent the summer performing in diapers at the Williamstown Theater Festival — onto Broadway. Rudin, through the Shubert Organization, has produced plenty of plays, some (like Doubt) that he’s even made into films, so that shouldn’t be a problem. Question is, which one comes first? Who cares, as long as Cooper gets his Philly nut off first with that David O. Russell ABSCAM flick? As for The Elephant Man, if David Bowie, star of The Linguini Incident and Labrynth — can do it, surely Cooper can.
(a_amorosi@citypaper.net) (@adam
<|endofexample|>
Do the Duvel tonight at Devil's Den
The Web site for the award-winning alternative weekly, the Philadelphia City Paper.
Do the Duvel tonight at Devil's Den
Filed Under: Booze | Dealage | Food Events
Alexandra Harcharek touched on this in her latest What's Cooking column, but we figured we'd remind you here, too: Tonight at 8, drop by Devil's Den (1148 S. 11th St.) for a taste of Duvel Green, the first beer the time-tested Belgian brewery developed for draft. (Glasses will be a buck off from 8 to 10.) A Duvel rep will be on hand to remind you that Duvel is, in fact, readily available in Philly once more.
Posted by Drew Lazor @ 6:38
<|endofexample|>
Archive: November, 2009?
Adam Ritter of frequent Meal Ticket haunt The Sidecar (2201 Christian St.) tells us that he's just inked a deal for a second location. Located in a long-vacant bar space on the corner of Montgomery and Girard in Fishtown, his as-yet-unnamed project will be most comparable to a contemporary European bistro in both design and layout ï¿½ picture a 30-seat U-shaped bar in the middle of the space, surrounded by a smattering of picnic bench-style seating. The location, which'll be single-level to start out, is roughly twice the size of The Sidecar's floorplan.
Right now the plan is do between 20 and 24 beers on tap, plus growlers ï¿½ "It's going to take what we do at our place and put it on performance-enhancing drugs," says Ritter. The menu, which'll be handled by new Sidecar chef Brian Lofink (formerly of Matyson and Brasserie Perrier), will be focused on well-crafted smaller shareable plates. The spot should be open sometime in the first quarter of 2010.
By the by, Sidecar's plan to expand to onto a second floor is still a go.
I love the sidecar!
[...] An even bigger deal concerning the Sidecar, owner Adam Ritter has lined up a second bar, this oneï¿½ at Girard and Montgomery in Fishtown. No name yet, but the “European bistro” is aiming for a first quarter of 2010 opening. [Meal Ticket] [...]
BRING BACK CORN MASH
sidecar rules!! can't wait for a second location.
Social comments and analytics for this post... This post was mentioned on Twitter by mealticket: Owner of @thesidecarbar to open a new spot in Fishtown:...
[...] in November, we shared the news that Adam Ritter of frequent Meal Ticket haunt The Sidecar (2201 Christian St.) would be expanding [...]
PLEASE I hope they have vegan food!
When
If whimsical cocktail lore is to be believed, today, Nov. 19, marks the 100-year anniversary of the Cuban daiquiri ï¿½ rum, sugar, lime, water ï¿½ making its first appearance on American soil. Story goes that Navy Admiral Lucius Johnson caught wind of the drink and introduced to his boys at the Army Navy Club one century ago today in our nation's capital. To celebrate the occasion (why do cocktails always have such awesomely erudite backstories?), The Franklin Mortgage & Investment Co. (112 S. 18th St.) is offering $8 renditions of the classic today from 5 p.m. till last call. For a dollar more, they'll strawberry-ify it for you. Since all Franklin tipples are usually $12 across the board, this is a deal, so drink one or six in a salute to the good Admiral.
- We take you inside the meticulous and altogether meaty research process that produced Percy Street Barbecue, the new Texas-style venture from Steve Cook, Erin O'Shea and Michael Solomonov. Be sure to check out Neal Santos' excellent photo slideshow.
- Trey Popp finds that's there a whole lot to like about chef Joshua Noh's cooking at Paul, the unassuming BYOB on Pine Street.
- Erin Mae Szrankowski touches on Thanksgiving-themed goodness and more in this week's What's Cooking food events column.
- We fill you in on the latest openings in Feeding Frenzy ï¿½ check out the deets on Hawthornes, Vietnam Cafï¿½, Green Aisle and more.
I think your stories have entirely too many options for sharing. MySpace still? Really? I'd also eliminate Reddit and Stumble Upon. Do you have actual usage stats for those links after every story?
French Laundry/Ad Hoc/per se superchef Thomas Keller, who you might've caught on last night's Top Chef, will appear at the Williams-Sonoma in King of Prussia tomorrow at noon to sign his new book, Ad Hoc at Home. Here's Erin Mae Szrankowski with details in her latest What's Cooking column:
Renowned chef/restaurateur/multiple James Beard Award-winner Thomas Keller will visit King of Prussia's Williams-Sonoma for a signing of Ad Hoc at Home (Artisan)..
he looks so chipper in that photo.
Originally
Lob-Temp, tempura lobster with uni sauce and teriyaki-truffle
Hama-peno Mango, yellowtail with jalapeno and chili-mango
Bullish!!!, seared Kobe beef on top of sesame-soy wrapped sushi rice with spicy ponzu
Sizzled White Fish, striped bass with citrus-soy, finished with hot sesame oil
Akadashi Soup with tofu and scallion
Salmon Skin Salad with mixed greens, kawarie sprouts and sesame onion dressing
Genmai Vegetable Spring rolls with spinach, wood ear mushroom and pickled vegetable wrapped with brown rice paper
Zama House Tofu, cooked tableside with choice of two sauces
Kirin Ichiban Braised Short Ribs served with sa.
There.
A
<|endofexample|>
Readers (suggest) Photoshop: BRING THA ROYS!
The Web site for the award-winning alternative weekly, the Philadelphia City Paper.
Readers (suggest) Photoshop: BRING THA ROYS!
Filed Under: Sporting Life | Sports Complex | The Phightin Phils
So this afternoon, Friend of the Clog Jesse Delaney e-mailed us with this tantalizing idea: Take the Public Enemy silhouette-in-crosshairs logo, insert Mr. Red, and slap "Bring Tha Roys!" a nod to P.E.'s "Bring Tha Noize," underneath.
And through the photoshop magic of CP's Alyssa Grenning, voila!
According to J.D.: "I'm blowing it up to poster size and carrying it to the game tomorrow."
Got an idea for a killer Phils logo? E-mail bhoward [at] citypaper [dot] net.
Posted by Brian Howard @ 9
<|endofexample|>
Delhi braces for protests after gang rape victim dies
Demonstrators hold placards as they take part in a protest rally in New Delhi. Picture: Vivek Prakash/Reuters
New Delhi/Singapore – An Indian woman whose gang rape in New Delhi triggered violent protests has died of her injuries in a Singapore hospital, bringing a security lockdown in Delhi and recognition from India’s prime minister that social change is needed. this morning.
The 23-year-old medical student, severely beaten, raped and thrown out of a moving bus in New Delhi two weeks ago, had been flown to Singapore in a critical condition by the Indian government on Thursday for specialist treatment.
The attack has sparked an intense national debate for the first time about the treatment of women and attitudes towards sex crimes in a nation where most rapes go unreported, many offenders go unpunished, and the wheels of justice turn slowly, according to social activists.
“We are very sad to report that the patient passed away peacefully at 4.45am on December 29 2012. Her family and officials from the High Commission (embassy) of India were by her side,” Mount Elizabeth Hospital chief executive Kelvin Loh said in a statement.ise these emotions and energies into a constructive course of action”, Singh said.
- Reuters
<|endofexample|>
Healthcare Careers Alliance
The Healthcare Careers Alliance is a partnership between Civic Works and four leading Baltimore hospitals that prepares youth, ages 18 – 21, for entry-level jobs in the healthcare industry. We provide job training sessions for 75 participants each year and then place them in internships at the partner hospitals. Upon successful completion of an internship, Healthcare Careers Alliance participants are offered full-time jobs earning a minimum of $8.50 per hour with benefits. Since 2001, the Healthcare Careers Alliance has trained 283 participants and placed 83% in full-time employment.
For more information about the Healthcare Careers Alliance, contact Sean Thames at 410-542-4050 or sthames@civicworks.com.
<|endofexample|>
Our Mission - Save Chancellorsville
In 2009, the Civil War Trust worked to save 85 prime acres of the Chancellorsville Battlefield – land associated with Stonewall Jackson’s famed Flank Attack on May 2, 1863.
Now we have a brand new opportunity to help save an additional 14 acres of this threatened battlefield. This new tract not only sits squarely in the middle of Jackson’s attack route, but it also contains significant road frontages on the Orange Plank Road and Orange Turnpike (Route 3).
Working with our preservation partners, the Civil War Trust must raise $95,000 to help save this historic property. I hope you agree with us that this is “must have” battlefield land within the heart of one of America’s most historic and endangered Civil War battlefields.
- Donate Now »
Your donation will be matched $5 to $1
Preservation
Featured Online Resources
- Battle of Chancellorsville Page
- Chancellorsville Photo Gallery
- Chancellorsville Battle Maps
- Saving the Flank Attack
- Civil War Trust is proud to partner with the Central Virginia Battlefield Trust in the preservation of this important 14-acre tract at Chancellorsville.
History Articles
Stonewall Jackson's Mighty Flank Attack »
10 Facts about Chancellorsville »
Video
Chancellorsville: The Flank Attack Begins »
Chancellorsville: A Fatal Volley »
Chancellorsville: An Astonishing Decision »
Find Another Campaign
<|endofexample|>
Results 1 to 1 of 1
[PD-Blues]- Blues Notebook: Cajanek gets a handle on injury
The return of Blues center Petr Cajanek (left) from a deep bone bruise on his right hand is going slowly.
Link To Original Article
I am 1 of 2 ClanRam article robots and work for the ClanRam night and day.
If you think you can help me, please PM my Boss - RamDez
Long live the ClanRam
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
- Clarksville, TN Online - -
Household Hazardous Waste Mobile Collection Service in Lincoln and Montgomery County on March 17th
Posted By News Staff On Monday, March 12, 2012 @ 1:00 pm In News | No Comments.”
(Note that hours listed indicate the local time for events.). [1]
Article printed from Clarksville, TN Online:
URL to article:
URLs in this post:
[1].:.
[2] Facebook:
[3] Twitter:
[4] Google +1:
[5] Pinterest:
© 2008 Clarksville Tennessee Online
<|endofexample|>
Huge on-stage gallery
View a photo gallery from the V Festival 2011 featuring Arctic Monkeys, Bruno Mars, Claire Maguire, D12, Dizzee Rascal, Ellie Goulding, Fun Lovin' Criminals, Good Charlotte, Hurts, Kaiser Chiefs, Katy B, Lost Prophets, Manic Street Preachers, Olly Murs & Rizzle Kicks, Pendulum, Plan B, Razorlight, Rhianna, The Wanted, Tinie Tempah and Wretch 32.
Photos by Andy Sturmey
Photos by Andy Sturmey
Arctic Monkeys
<|endofexample|>
255
AJS BODY WORKS PLUS Conway , South Carolina
All Automotive&AC Repair West Palm Beach , Florida
All Star Paint & Body Tampa , Florida
Allen Body Shop & Upholstery Cookeville , Tennessee
Allstate Plastic Media Blasting, LLC Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
American & Import Collision Center Chamblee , Georgia
American Resto Mods Buford , Georgia
Anderson Restoration LC Kanawha , Iowa
Anthony Auto Repair Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
Arrow Auto Body Greenwood Township , Michigan
<|endofexample|>
315 Directory Listings
Restoration
Restoration
Classic car restorers can put a little final spit and polish on your classic car, or they can be part magician, part automotive explorers and scholars, turning one or two panels of a car into something that looks like it may have just rolled off the line at Detroit.
Many are generalists, some specialize in one make, some go as far as to be specialists in one particular model of classic car. They can do the work quicker than you can, and they have access to a network of sources for rare spare part, or have invested in special tools in order to reproduce new parts and trim to original specifications.
Many will proudly display to you past jobs, or are happy to have you inspect the premises, and see first-hand some of the current projects being worked on. They are all ware that classic car enthusiasts like to talk about cars, and that a job well-done leads to recommendations.
<|endofexample|>
August 2012
- 35terraplane August 2012
- 46HudsonPU August 2012
- ESSX28-1 August 2012
- Hudson Grandpa August 2012
- hudsontech August 2012
- Ken U-Tx August 2012
- oldhudsons August 2012
- PAULARGETYPE August 2012
- PaulButler August 2012
- wano1949 August 2012
- I hope this does not offend anyone but, this was something that happened on the way to Docs meet back in the 70s. In those days if you lived where I lived if you wanted to talk Hudsons with anyone outside of the family, you had to travel East. We made it a point to always go to Docs meet at Front Royal. We would work all day Thursday andcome home and the Wife would be all packed and leave. We would drive all night and arrive at Front Royal Friday afternoon, check in to the Motel and go to Doc and Thelmas to say hello and sometimes get involved mixing Docs Super 6 punch in his basement. We would of course sample it to make sure it was OK and then go to the pot luck supper. Sometimes I dont remember much about the supper but I do remember never winning the jar of jelly because my parents traveled 20 miles further. (1100 miles and no sleep since Wed. night. lol) Thats not the story. My parents in their 50 Com.6 convert., My brother and wife in their 52 Wasp, and Linda and I in the 51 HH. We all had CBs and would talk to each other and the truckers as we traveled across the country. Did this for years. It was about 2:00AM on I-74 in the middle of Illinois and the CB talk had quieted down when all of the sudden a trucker came on and said" I just saw a Caddlac, East bound with the dome light on and a naked man and women doing ^&&* in the car. Well, Im East bound but I didnt get the mile marker. Needless to say the CB came alive with "Whats the 20 on that Cad." My wife and kids were asleep and I wasnt going to wake them. lol. This went on for about 1/2 hour and the comments made by the truckers--Well I have never laughed so hard in my life--Finally it had quieted down and this trucker came on with this slow Southern draw and ask the 20 on Cad. When he was told East bound in a almost whisper he said" Damm I am always going the wrong way. I never did see the Cad. and I dont know if it ever existed but, It woke me up and I was able to drive a couple more hours without coffee. And that folks was what is was like on Americas highways and byways in the 70s.LOL
- Ken U-Tx August 2012Posts: 1,090Platinum MemberBack then the Caddys were still big enough to do that, rolling bordellos they were......
oldhudsons August 2012Posts: 1,725Platinum MemberI don't know about Cadillacs as "rolling bordellos" but I know Hudsons were!
Had college buddy who had a really cute early '50s Austin Healey (had o.d. & every time you'd go over a bump it would kick in or out, that's Lucas electrics for you) which I really enjoyed zipping around Tucson in. Anyway we on several occasions traded cars on weekends (I had a '49 S6 coupe, need I say more, LOL!!!!).
35terraplane August 2012Posts: 16HitchhikerThe story goes that Henry Ford was a straight guy (prude) and made Fords narrower than GM cars to discourage Rocking and Rolling in the back seat. After 1946 Fords became as wide as other cars.
Ed
- Henry forgot that it was easy to remove the back seat and put a mattress back there. LOL Lot of little car fans should have been named Ford. hehehe
I always like the big 30's sedans - the ones with the assist straps above the door. Get your gal's feet................... But I digress. This is a family oriented venue. hehehehehe
Hudsonly,
Alex Burr
Memphis, TN
- wano1949 August 2012Posts: 59Senior ContributorI had a 53 Hornet in 1970 in Detroit. A buddy and I were working up there. Just out of Vietnam he was, and I was 4F.
Both of us were crazy.
We were from Ky and his father ran a trucking company up there and we were 21 and 24 years old.
We got to hanging out at a topless bar called "The Waterland" on 8 mile road, on the borderline if you know what I'm talking about.
Danny became friends with a lady named Vicky who danced there.
And for obvious reasons, which I, in my youth and ignorance, didn't realize at the time, he asked to borrow the Hornet to "go to the movies" .
Ok with me and off he went.
Next evening I started somewhere, got in the car and couldn't see out the back window. "Danny, what happened to the headliner?" "Oh, he said, I guess Vicky got excited."
It looked like cats had been fighting in there. Front and back.Clawing the ceiling,
"What the Hell happened Danny?"
"Well Wayne I asked her to put on those spiked heels she had in her bag when I picked her up at the bar, and you know..."
Good thing about a Hudson , you saved money on motel rooms.
Four years later I took my wife to the hospital in the same car to deliver our first child.
Danny passed three years ago and the car left a long time before he did.
We always had a good laugh about sewing up the headliner with a curved upholsters needle and thread.
PaulButler August 2012Posts: 208Expert AdviserThe stories these cars could tell :-)
ESSX28-1 August 2012Posts: 993Platinum MemberThe Essex 6 gearstick was able to be rotated out of the way by removing 1 very accessible screw
- most useful & it was even possible to drive the car without that screw in place. Don't ask......Dave Y
New Zealand
- Paul Butler - Oh I hope not!!!!!!!!! LOL ROFL
Hudsonly,
Alex Burr
Memphis, TN
46HudsonPU August 2012Posts: 5,146Moderator'War Stories' were never like these - =))
- Young men have their dreams; old men have their memories. :-))
Hudsonly,
Alex Burr
Memphis, TN
ESSX28-1 August 2012Posts: 993Platinum MemberYoung men have their dreams; old men have their memories.
And don't we remember the good bits best!!Dave Y
New Zealand
PAULARGETYPE August 2012Posts: 1,236Platinum MemberLarry next your going to tell the tale about my 57 Hollywood and the local cops LOL
Hudson Grandpa August 2012Posts: 258Gold MemberSpeakiing of MY 57 Hollywood. In 1958 it got inaugurated with the seats down one night. Blanket over the seats. What a great motel room with foggy windows.
PAULARGETYPE August 2012Posts: 1,236Platinum MemberTHATS NOT THE TAIL I WAS TALKING ABOUT BUT I MUST ADMIT I TO HAVE USED A AMC MOTEL ROOM LOL
- Fellows, Im assamed of you people. I didnt do anything like that. Linda and I did nothing but hold hands until we were married. LOL When we started dating there was a classmate with a 57 Pontiac that was also chasing her. On one of are little spats she mention his nice car. I made the statement that ifshe thought it was so neat go ahead and date him. Besides I could always find another girl and it would be alot harder to find a clean 52 Hornet (I was driving at the time). PS I paid many times for that statement through the years but we will celebrate our 49 anniversity in Sept. LOL Paul I have stories about that 57 that will make you faint but thats for next time.LOL
Hudson Grandpa August 2012Posts: 258Gold Membercmon, cmon,, lets hear you faint, as long as we are in the mode.....At least one!
- In high school, in the early 50's, I had for a short while a 1939 Dodge coupe with a 53 Dodge 241 hemi, etc etc etc. Thought it was a pretty hot car and it did wipe out a lot of challegers.
One Sat. evening at the local back road drag strip we were interrupted by the local gendarmes. Naturally we all scattered to the four winds, me with a cop on my butt. Finally I made a corner he didn't. Since Dad didn't say anything to me on Sunday I figured I'd gotten away with it. Remember - this was the 50's. Kids didn't get away with ANYTHING!!!! Monday morning I came down to go to school and Dad was still home. All he said was 'give me you car keys'.
That night I came home and he handed me something like $500 and told me he'd sold my car - that I didn't deserve it. Then he added the kick in the pants - "we'll go out buy you a car you need to have." Oh, crap.
It wasn't bad enough that he sold my beloved hot rot; he made me buy a 1949 Nash 600 sedan!!!! A Nashcan!!!!!!!! Oh Lord. Do you realize how hard it is to have a date in one of those things - oh the girls wanted to go out, but their Daddies would only let them in my car if he was sitting in the back seat with a shotgun!!!!!!
That isn't to say it was a total failure however.
- hudsontech, ditto,ditto on the 50s. In the 50s it was the parents and the cops against the kids. I had a similiar thing happen. I had 49 super 6 coupe that I had put a straight 8 in out of a wrecked car and was getting pretty good at drag racing. I was chosen to go to Boys State for a week at a Army camp. If your father was a veteran and you had good grades and The American Legion thought you might amount to something (I think I may have disapointed many people) you were chosen. Anyway on Wed. of that week I received a post card from dad telling me he had sold my car.The car was in his name for insurance reasons and I payed him the premions. When I got home he gave me the money and I eventualy bought a 51 Pacemaker that would not go over 70 MPH until I found that SOMEONE had bent the linkage so the carb. would not open clear up. I really feel sorry for anyone that didnt grow up in that period of time.
- Hudson Grandpa, I do have some stories about Pauls Hudson but, I have know Paul for ever and condsider him a very good friend. I like to rib him when I get the chance and I hope he knows I am just kidding. I did own his black 57 HH and another person bought it from me before Paul got it. Besides in those days if I wanted to do some serious road racing I drove the stepdowns lol
<|endofexample|>
Classic Car News
Fiat and Mazda join forces
2013-01-26
Image: Soctech, 2006; Mister Hambo, 2004
Fiat and Mazda may be two very different auto manufacturers, but they do share a number of similarities when you look at their back catalogues of classic cars.
Fiat has been the owner of Alfa Romeo since the late 1980s, although prior to its acquisition, it was responsible for the creation of a number of iconic sports cars, best known of which is the Spider.
Meanwhile, Mazda carved its own way to greatness with the Miata MX-5. This model has a similar ethos to the classic Spider and has continued to provide affordable two seater fun since its launch in 1989.
Now it has been announced officially by Mazda that it is partnering with Fiat to produce a new platform on which the upcoming MX-5 Miata and Alfa Romeo Spider will be based.
While Mazda will build its MX-5 over in Japan, Fiat has yet to announce the venue for the production of its own model. But the platform share will help to reduce the cost of development for both companies and should result in more affordable finished products.
Of course, you can always grab a classic Mazda MX-5 Miata right now and experience the range in its purest form.
<|endofexample|>
Improve your chances of finding your dream classic car by being the first to know when new cars are advertised on the site with an Email Alert from Classiccarsforsale.co.uk.
They are quick and simple to setup and can be edited as your search criteria change over time. You need a Classiccarsforsale.co.uk account to sign up for Email Alerts - please Login here if you have an account or Register here if you need to set up an account - it's quick and easy to do.
Once you are logged in, click on your name in the top right hand corner, then click on Email Alerts and select the make and model of the car you want to receive Email Alerts for.
Alternatively you can add Email Alerts whilst looking at cars. Simply click on Alert Me and you will receive Email Alerts when similar cars are advertised on the site.
<|endofexample|>
Digital Research had one also, the CP/M Gold Card. 192K of memory, 4Mhz Z80, etc. --jc Fred Cisin wrote: >On Sat, 8 Oct 2005, Brent Hilpert wrote: > > >>show me up as the ignorant one: nobody ever bothered to rewrite CP/M (which to >>my understanding was all targeted to Intel procs) for the Apple II did they? >> >> > >Microsoft "SoftCard". >Z80 co-processor card for Apple ][, bundled with CP/M. >At one point, there was a claim that 20% of Apple ]['s had one! > > > > > >
<|endofexample|>
Being a teen means that you are beginning to transition from being a kid and having someone else make all of the big decisions in your life to having to start figuring things out for yourself. Do you want to get a job? Or improve your skills so you can get a better job? Do you want to go to college? Or maybe learn a trade at a vocational school? Are you not sure what you want to do, and just want to learn about different careers? Do you want to get some experience and serve your community at the same time by volunteering? The resources and suggestions on these pages can help get you started.
<|endofexample|>
After a planning process that launched in April 2008 and included more than a year of public comment,
has recently released its draft State Energy Plan. Major elements in the SEP include: Long-range energy policy objectives and strategies to increase supply and reduce demand; 10 year demand forecasts; supply requirements needed to meet forecast demand; assessment of existing systems; projections of energy prices; analysis of potential sustainable energy resources and impacts. New York State
The document is an interesting look into the State's energy future -- along with a blueprint for stimulating economic growth and technology innovation.
Read the full project scope and background here:
Additional documents related to the plan will continue to be posted to the website where there is also the ability to sign-up for e-mail updates.
<|endofexample|>
The Clean Tech Center
Green Innovations
Developing renewable and clean technology companies in New York
Monday, August 30, 2010
Fall is still green in Upstate NY: green events line-up
Ithaca: Ithaca College Sustainability Leadership, September 8-21, 2010. Sustainability Leadership - Seminars in the Professional Certificate Program. Registration:
Syracuse: SUNY ESF Outreach, September 13 – 16, 2010. Photovoltaic Installer and Maintenance Training -- Solar Power as Renewable Energy (SPARE). Board-recognized by the North American Board of Certified Energy Practitioners (NABCEP). NOTE: Beginning June 30, 2011 NYSERDA will be requiring all PV installers in New York State to be NABCEP Certified. Info:
Ithaca: September 17, 2010, 8:00 a.m. – 12:15 p.m., Ithaca College, Campus Center, Emerson Suites. The Clean Energy Summit: Re-Imagining Upstate New York’s Energy Future. Closing Keynote: The Honorable Maurice Hinchey, U.S. Representative, 22nd District of NY. Pre-registration required. Register Online: Questions or interested in tabling: Marian Brown, 607-274-3787 or mbrown@ithaca.edu
Syracuse: State University of New York, College of Environmental Science & Forestry. September 21-October 28, 2010, SUNY ESF Campus. Leading Sustainability in Public, Private and Nonprofit Organizations. More Information:
Buffalo: Daemen College, September 25, 2010, 8:30 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. 6th Annual WNY Environmental Summit, Free & Open to the Public. Call for Exhibitors. Information: Brenda Young, byoung@daemen.edu
Syracuse: Syracuse Center of Excellence, September 27-28, 2010. The 10th Annual Symposium on Environmental & Energy Systems: Restoring Sustainable, Healthy Communities. Information:
Buffalo: North American Association for Environmental Education. September 28 – October 2, 2010, Hyatt Regency Buffalo, Buffalo Niagara Convention Center. 7th Annual Research Symposium and 39th NAAEE Annual Conference. Environmental Education: Building Connections-Bridging Gaps. Information:
Syracuse: The Tech Garden/The Clean Tech Center, Small Business Administration, WISE, FOCUS Greater Syracuse and SUNY OCC. September 30, 2010, 11:30 am to 1:30 pm. The Power of Green: Featuring Syracuse Mayor Stephanie Miner, St. Joseph Hospital CEO-elect Kathy Ruscitto on major green sustainability projects, with innovative networking for green entrepreneurs. $20 per person. Advance reservations are required. Register on-line at: For more information: (315) 474-0910
Syracuse: SUNY College of Environmental Science & Forestry, October 17-19, 2010. Syracuse University Sheraton Hotel and Conference Center. 8th Biennial Short Rotation Woody Crops, Operations Working Group Conference. More Information:
Syracuse: SUNY ESF and the Sustainable Enterprise Partnership (SEP), November 3 & 4, 2010. SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry -- SURE Program. Sustainable Use of Renewable Energy: Renewable Technologies and Carbon Cycling. November 3: Renewable Energy 101. November 4: Renewable Technologies and Carbon Cycling. Information:
Syracuse: SUNY ESF Outreach, November 18, 2010, 8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. SUNY ESF Campus, Baker Lab, Rm 408. Green Infrastructure Symposium 2010: Growing Green Infrastructure in Central New York. Info:
Call for Abstracts – Deadline October 15.
Syracuse: SUNY College of Environmental Science & Forestry, March 24-25, 2011. Doubletree Hotel. 9th Annual Green Building Conference -- Keynote Speaker: James Howard Kunstler, Urban Planning Expert, Social Critic, Author, Journalist. More Information:
GreeningUSA's 12 Traits© Community Rating System Beta Test -- last chance to sign up!
Green:
Renewable Technologies and Carbon Cycling: Fueling the Debate solar. These following points “fuel” the debate:
- Not all renewable energy sources (e.g. wind vs. biomass) displace the same fossil fuels in regards to CO2 emissions.
- Not all fossil fuels produce the same level of pollution (coal power plants produce more CO2 than natural gas.)
Join SUNY ESF and its partners on Thursday, November 4th for presentations and debate about carbon cycling and renewable technologies from a production, policy and viability perspective. Participants are also invited to come the prior evening, November 3rd, for panel discussions at the SU Whitman School of Management on renewable technologies.
$25.00 registration fee includes both days and breakfast and lunch on Thursday.
The program is sponsored by The Sustainable Enterprise Project (SEP), a collaborative group led by SUNY-ESF, the Whitman School of Management (SU), and the Syracuse Center of Excellence in Environmental and Energy Innovations. The SURE program is supported, in part, by a NYS Department of Labor grant in partnership with CNY Works.
Registration is now open at
Thursday, August 19, 2010
Two universities in New York State receive funding for research in carbon capture/storage
For more information see the NYSERDA press release at.
Monday, August 16, 2010
New map of NYC to provide essential solar/flood data.
Friday, August 13, 2010
AES Energy Storage to build energy storage system in Johnson City, NY
The Johnson City project is the second of its kind for New York State as Beacon Power has recently started constructing the first flywheel grid energy storage plant in Stephentown, NY.
For more information on the AES Energy Storage project visit.
For more information on the Beacon Power project see our August 9th blog post at.
Construction starts for the Hardscrabble Wind Farm Project in Herkimer County
The construction of Herkimer County's Hardscrabble Wind Farm Project in Fairfield and Norway, NY began last month. The project, which is estimated to be completed next year includes 37 wind turbines, 14 miles of access roads, 20 miles of buried electric lines, 2 meteorological towers and an operations/maintenance facility. Each turbine will stand at 450 feet and will generate an estimated 2 megawatts of electricity for a combined farm total of 74 megawatts. Atlantic Wind, a subsidiary of the spanish company Iberdrola is behind the project.
Construction materials/turbine components are not the only things flowing into the rural communities of Fairfield and Norway as the communities have experienced an influx of tourism since construction commenced.
For more information regarding the Hardscrabble Wind Farm visit.
SUNY Binghamton receives federal funding for anode development
The funding comes from the Batteries for Advanced Transportation Technology program which is financed by the US Department of Energy's Office of Vehicle Technology. The program granted a total of $8 million to 5 universities, 1 private non-profit research institute and two national laboratories with the goal of developing low cost/energy dense anodes while maintaining safety and longevity.
For more information visit.
Thursday, August 12, 2010
NYSERDA's Solar PV program
A total of $132 million is available through the New York State Renewable Portfolio Standard and will be given out on a first-come first-serve basis through December 15, 2015. NYSERDA hopes the program will spur a state total of 82 MW of solar electric power.
For more information on the Solar PV Program visit.
Wednesday, August 11, 2010
National Grid identifies opportunity for greenhouse gas reductions and job creation.
Presenters wanted for the 9th annual New York State Green Building Conference
The 9th annual New York State Green Building Conference hosted by SUNY ESF and the New York Upstate Chapter of the U.S. Green Building Council is currently accepting abstracts for presentations. The Conference's mission is to "promote, educate and support green building design, construction and processes."
Keynoting the conference is James Howard Kunstler. Kunstler is an urban planning expert, social critic, author and journalist who has written such books as Geography of Nowhere, Home From Nowhere, The City in Mind and The Long Emergency.
The Conference is scheduled to be held on March 24-25, 2011 at the Doubletree Hotel in East Syracuse, NY.
For more information on the conference as well as a template for abstracts visit.
Tuesday, August 10, 2010
Large number of NYSERDA-funded companies selected to present at the New Energy New York Symposium
>>IMAGE.
Monday, August 9, 2010
Beacon Power to establish the world's first flywheel energy storage plant in Stephentown, NY.
Friday, August 6, 2010
Andrew Cuomo's Solar Energy Platform
The plan encourages the growth of solar photovoltaic, the creation of solar renewable energy credits and the adoption of solar thermal water heating. Cuomo has identified solar photovoltaics as the perfect fit for New York's dense urban areas with high energy demands and little extra space for other renewable energy sources such as wind.
In his plan, Cuomo outlines the cost effectiveness of employing solar thermal technology to heat water on both commercial and residential scales and establishes an aggressive program to install solar thermal in public, private and commercial buildings in the State of New York.
For more information visit.
Alteris Renewables opens office in Kingston, NY
TechCity is an eco-friendly commercial/ light industrial complex that serves as a hub for Hudson Valley's environmentally-oriented businesses. Already home to SolarTech Renewables (photovoltaic manufacturer), EarthKind Energy, Inc. (Solar Thermal and Renewable Energy Credits) and The Solar Energy Consortium (center for photovoltaic innovation), Alteris Renewables adds the missing design/build piece to Tech City's solar cluster.
For more information about:
Alteris Renewables visit.
TechCity visit.
The 5th Annual New Energy Symposium.
New York State legislation benefits NYSTAR's Center for Advanced Technology
The law will also help NYSTAR fulfill its aspiration to promote partnerships with entities throughout New York State by encouraging partnerships to expand their networks for business growth.
For more information see NYSTAR's August 5 newsletter at.:
Tuesday, August 3, 2010
SUNY ESF's "Leading Sustainability in Public, Private and Nonprofit Organizations" program
>>IMAGE.
Monday, August 2, 2010
The International Conference on Indoor Air Quality, Ventilation and Energy Conservation in Buildings to be held in Syracuse
Previously hosted in Canada, China, Japan and France the 2010 conference is the first to take place in the United States.
For more information visit the conferences website at.
Syracuse Entrepreneur's Bootcamp
The bootcamp will be held at Syracuse University's Whitman School of Managment on October 9,16, 23, 30 and November 6 and 13 from 8:30 am to 12:00 pm. The total cost of the bootcamp is $650 and a limited number of $200 scholarships are available for those in need.
The course is sponsored by Bond, Schoeneck &King, PLLC, Kauffman: The Foundation of Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurial Society of CNY, Onondaga County Industrial Development Agency and CNY Business Journal.
For more information about the program/registering visit whitman.syr.edu/eee/bootcamp
or contact Lindsay Wickham at 315-443-3550 or lwickham@syr.edu.
NASA looking for small businesses to develop power generation/storage technologies
The Syracuse Technology Garden has a strong desire to help small businesses become first-time participants in the NASA SBIR/STTR program. If your business fits the criteria please e-mail the Tech Garden at info@thetechgarden.com or call 315-474-0910.
For more details about the programs/desired technologies click here.
Solicitations are due by september 2, 2010.
<|endofexample|>
We’d like to know about interesting events or activities. E-mail items of 125 words or less to couranteditor@evergreenco .com. Items will appear on a space-available basis.
Jan. 7
First Friday Sport Spectacular will be at Clear Creek High School Commons from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. For information on free health services, drawings and give-aways call 303-679-2386..
Clear Creek County Offices’ holiday closure schedule for 2011:
New Year’s Day, December 31, Friday (2011 holiday in 2010)
Martin Luther King Day, January 17, Monday
President’s Day, February 21, Monday
Memorial Day, May 30, Monday
Independence Day, July 4, Monday
Floating Holiday, July 5, Tuesday
Labor Day, September 5, Monday
Veteran’s Day, November 11, Friday
Thanksgiving, November 24 & 25, Thursday & Friday
Christmas Day, December 26, Monday
New Year’s Day, January 2, Monday (2012 holiday) n onprofit.
The First Columbine Garden Club meets at 10 a.m. the second Thursday of the month. For more information, call 303-670-3106.
Idaho Springs city council meetings: 7 p.m. the second and fourth Monday of every month. All requests to be placed on the agenda need to be turned into the city clerk by the Wednesday before the Monday meeting in written form. Televised on Channel 10 locally.; open to the public at the Idaho Springs City Hall.
Idaho Springs Planning Commission: 6:30 p.m. the first Wednesday of every month; open to the public at the Idaho Springs City Hall.
Clear Creek County Planning Commission: 6:30 p.m. the third Wednesday of every month at the Idaho Springs City Hall.
The National Wild Turkey Federation meets at 7 p.m. on the second Tuesday of the month. For location and information, call 303-679-1892.
Al-Anon United Strength Group, a support group for family members and friends of alcoholics and addicts, meets Mondays at 6:30 p.m. at United Gathering Place, 1422 Colorado Blvd. in Idaho Springs. For information, call Mary Ann at 303-567-0885 or Cheryl at 303-567-4623.
The Clear Creek Democrats hold their monthly meetings at 6:30 p.m. the second Thursday of each month at Tommyknockers Restaurant in Idaho Springs. The public is welcome.
Add new comment
Read and share your thoughts on this story
<|endofexample|>
LYNCHBURG, VA - Thomas Heaslip, of Clearwater, was named to the Dean's List at Liberty University for the fall 2005 semester. Heaslip was one of 2,319 students at Liberty who earned Dean's List recognition for the fall.
Students named to the Dean's List earn a grade point average of 3.5 or better on a 4.0 sale and carry an academic load of at least 12 credit hours.
Liberty University is a private, Christian liberal arts university in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Return to Home Page
Return to Current Edition
<|endofexample|>
Breaking News: Recusal Motion in Da Silva Moore Case Deniedby Philip Favro on November 8th, 2012
In what might be characterized as the most anticipated ruling in the eDiscovery world over the past several months, the district court in Da Silva Moore v. Publicis Groupe today denied the plaintiffs’ motion to recuse the Honorable Andrew Peck as the assigned magistrate to that action. In rejecting the plaintiffs’ recusal request, United States District Court Judge Andrew Carter held that “Judge Peck’s decision accepting computer-assisted review, reached upon consideration of the applicable law, was not influenced by bias, nor did it create any appearance of bias.”
Judge Carter’s decision is particularly significant as it leaves undisturbed Judge Peck’s orders regarding the use of predictive coding and his declaration that computer-assisted review in eDiscovery is “acceptable in appropriate cases.” Moreover, Judge Carter gave another judicial imprimatur to predictive coding with his determination that it “does not inherently favor one party over the other in this case.”
With today’s ruling, Judge Carter has perhaps finally brought to a close the contentious sideshow that nearly overshadowed the first known case involving the use of predictive coding in eDiscovery. With its potential to reduce the costs and delays associated with the review of ESI, predictive coding holds incredible promise for the future of eDiscovery.
February 26th, 2013 at 5:57 am
Hi there, simply became alert to your weblog via Google,
and located that it’s really informative. I’m gonna watch out for
brussels. I will appreciate if you happen to continue this in future.
Lots of other folks will probably be benefited from your writing.
Cheers!
<|endofexample|>
Ohio State’s spring football game
- When: Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Ohio Stadium
- Tickets: $9.25 in advance at Ohiostatebuckeyes.com/tickets ($7 per ticket and $2.25 fee) or $15 at the gate (cash only) on Saturday. According to Ohio State, more than 47,000 tickets have been sold so far.
- Teams: Offensive coordinator Tom Herman and defensive coordinator Luke Fickell will conduct a draft Thursday morning to determine the teams.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The quarterback in Urban Meyer's first full recruiting class at Florida, in 2006, was Tim Tebow. Now Meyer has a quarterback in his first full recruiting class at Ohio State, with four-star Texas high schooler J.T. Barrett giving an oral commitment to the Buckeyes' Class of 2013 on Wednesday.
Barrett was thinking about Tebow when he made his decision.
"Coach Meyer told me Tim Tebow still calls him twice a week, and I want that relationship. Even if I'm not playing in the NFL and I'm out there in the working world, I still want to be able to call Coach Meyer, and that personal relationship was a bigger deal to me than even football," Barrett told The Plain Dealer in an interview Wednesday afternoon before he headed out to spring football practice at Rider High School in Wichita Falls, Texas.
Barrett, at 6-1 and 209 pounds, is ranked the No. 7 quarterback in the Class of 2013 by Scout.com and the No. 6 dual-threat quarterback by Rivals.com. He's ranked as the No. 134 overall player in the class by Rivals and he becomes the 10th pledge to this class for Ohio State, after Elyria defensive lineman Tracy Sprinkle announced his intentions Tuesday.
He's a big get for the Buckeyes, as Meyer continues the national scope of his recruiting. Meyer's version of the spread relies on a quarterback to make decisions, run and throw. Barrett, who started at quarterback for the first time as a junior, runs a version of the spread with a lot of zone-option reads at his high school.
"He's a dual-threat type of kid, a great leader and very dependable," said Greg Powers, the Midland regional manager of recruiting for Scout.com, who has seen Barrett in action several times. "He completes a high percentage of passes and when something's not open he's very smart with the football and brings it down and turns it into something on the ground."
Since he arrived in Columbus, Meyer has been talking about how he values leadership and competitiveness even more than physical skill. So getting the right guy as the likely successor to sophomore quarterback Braxton Miller is crucial. If he doesn't redshirt, Barrett would be two years behind Miller and likely competing with current freshman Cardale Jones for the job in 2015.
Barrett's high school coach, Jim Garfield, said Barrett is one of the best leaders he has seen.
"When he talks, everybody listens," Garfield said. "He commands respect."
Barrett also had scholarship offers from LSU, Baylor, Texas Tech, Nebraska and Arizona, among others. To make his choice, he said he used the same technique he uses before high-school games, visualizing himself in different situations. He pictured playing for Ohio State, for LSU, for Baylor and for Texas Tech, and he decided he was ready to lock in as a Buckeye.
."
Rider High School also produced receiver David Nelson, who played for Meyer at Florida and was one of the players who defended the coach after a story about Meyer's Florida program in the Sporting News last week.
Barrett said he had been a fan of Meyer and he talked to Nelson, among others, before making his decision.
"Every guy I talked to didn't have anything bad to say about Coach Meyer," Barrett said. "I talked to a lot of people, and when not a bad word is said about you, that's a big deal."
Being the first quarterback recruit for Meyer is a pretty big deal, too.
<|endofexample|>
(Editor's note: One in a series of Indians previews prior to the start of training camp on Sunday. Previously, the bullpen, the outfield, the infield, AL Central preview.)
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- There's one word for the Indians' starting pitching last season: terrible.
The cure? Manager Terry Francona says it starts with getting more and better innings from his experienced starters. Justin Masterson, Ubaldo Jimenez and Brett Myers should be listening right now.
Masterson and Jimenez combined to pitch 383 innings last year, 206 1/3 by Masterson and 176 2/3 by Jimenez. It's an acceptable workload, but unfortunately most of those innings were bad ones. Masterson and Jimenez combined to lose 32 games and post a 5.15 ERA.
Myers pitched strictly in relief last season for Houston and the White Sox, but he's made 249 starts in the big leagues. As recently as 2011, the 32-year-old right-hander made 33 starts and pitched 216 innings for Houston. It's the main reason the Indians signed him to a one-year, $7 million deal in January.
"If we can get innings from the top of the staff, it will give us a chance to develop some of our younger starters," said Francona. "We're in this to win, but we're also trying to develop pitchers at the major-league level."
What Francona is talking about is protection. At the winter meetings, he made a point of saying the Indians needed more veterans on their 25-man roster. Veterans who know what it's like to be caught in the cross hairs of a big moment. It's one of the reasons lefty Scott Kazmir was invited to camp on a minor-league deal.
"Sometimes you ask young guys to do too much too quick," said Francona. "That's not development. That's getting beat up, especially with pitchers. If you can back those guys up and take a little pressure off them, that can certainly help their development."
Behind Masterson, Jimenez and Myers, the Indians will be counting on young starters to fill out the rest of the rotation. GM Chris Antonetti said Zach McAllister has the edge for the fourth spot going into spring training. After that comes Corey Kluber, Carlos Carrasco, Trevor Bauer and David Huff. Kazmir will get a chance as well.
With camp opening Sunday in Goodyear, Ariz., Francona said the fifth spot is "wide open."
"The hope is that one of those guys will jump up right away and take the job," he said.
Here's a look at how the rotation rated statistically in the American League last year.
Tribe starters pitched 913 2/3 innings, third fewest in the league. They lost the most games with 76, allowed the most hits with 1,026, and allowed the highest on-base percentage at .351. They posted the second-highest ERA at 5.25, walked the second-most batters at 351, allowed the second-highest batting average against at .284, and struck out the second-fewest batters with 621. No wonder the Tribe is on its fourth pitching coach since 2010.
Now for a look at the Tribe starters and potential starters for 2013:
RHP Justin Masterson
2012 stats: He went 11-15 with a 4.93 ERA in 34 starts and pitched over 200 innings for the second straight season. Lefties hit .296 (135-for-456) and righties .232 (77-for-332) against the side-arming right-hander.
Comment: Masterson underwent surgery on his left shoulder after the 2011 season. He never complained about it last year, but it might have played a part in how inconsistent he was.
RHP Ubaldo Jimenez
2012 stats: He went 9-17 with a 5.40 ERA while leading the AL in losses, wild pitches with 16 and stolen bases against with 32. He also issued the second-most walks with 95. In short, he was a train wreck.
Comment: New pitching coach Mickey Callaway made two visits to the Dominican Republic during the off-season to work with Jimenez.
RHP Brett Myers
2012 stats: He went 3-8 with 19 saves and 3.31 ERA; 0-4 with 19 saves and 3.52 ERA in 35 appearances with Houston and 3-4 with a 3.12 ERA in 35 appearances with Chicago. Myers doesn't think he'll have a problem moving back to the rotation because he did the same thing in 2008 after saving 21 games for the Phillies in 2007.
Comment: If Myers can avoid a Derek Lowe-like fade, circa 2012, and give the Indians between 180 and 200 innings, they'll celebrate.
RHP Zach McAllister
2012 stats: He went 6-8 with a 4.24 ERA in 22 starts covering 125 1/3 innings. Struck out 110, walked 38, but was stung by 19 homers.
Comment: He's one of the young starters who could have used some veteran protection last year.
LHP Scott Kazmir
2012 stats: Pitched in the independent Atlantic League last year. He last pitched in the big leagues in 2011, appearing in one game for the Angels.
Comment: Edwin Rodriguez, one of the Indians minor-league managers, managed Kazmir in Puerto Rico this winter and said his velocity is back.
RHP Corey Kluber
2012 stats: He went 2-5 with a 5.14 ERA in 12 starts after going 11-7 with a 3.59 ERA in 21 starts at Class AAA Columbus. Kluber made his first six starts with the Indians last season in August, their worst month in franchise history. The Indians went 5-24, Kluber went 0-3.
Comment: He's recovering from right knee surgery, but should be ready to compete for a job in spring training.
RHP Carlos Carrasco
2012 stats: He spent last season on the disabled list while recovering from Tommy John surgery on his right elbow. During his rehab late last year, he was frequently clocked in the high 90s.
Comment: If Carrasco doesn't make the rotation out of spring training, he'll be in it quickly as long he can stay healthy.
RHP Trevor Bauer
2012 stats: Arizona's No.1 pick in 2011 went 1-2 with a 6.06 ERA in four starts last year with the D-backs. In the minors, he went 12-2 with a 2.41 ERA at Class AA Mobile and Class AAA Reno.
Comment: He probably needs more time at Class AAA, but this is a guy the Indians have coveted since his UCLA days. They'll put up with his quirks as long as he pitches well.
LHP David Huff
2012 stats: He went 3-1 with a 3.38 ERA in six appearances, including four starts, after going 7-6 with a 4.97 ERA in 24 games, including 22 starts, at Class AAA Columbus.
Comment: It seems like Huff is in the competition for the fifth spot in the rotation every spring. This time he's out of options and could be tested in the bullpen.
<|endofexample|>
After a seven-year hiatus, the Cleveland Museum of Art’s late medieval, Renaissance and Islamic collections have returned to public view.
Amanda Mikolic, Curatorial Assistant for Medieval Art/Art of the Ancient Americas looks back on installation week for Wari: Lords of the Ancient Andes to offe
Artist.
This extremely rare Romanesque wood sculpture depicts the Virgin Mary’s role in important Christian doctrine. It belongs to a type known as Sedes Sapientiae (the Throne of Wisdom).
With the Christmas holiday season in full swing, we asked Heather Lemonedes, Curator of Drawings, to discuss inspirations and influences of Madonna and Child imagery in the work of Mary Cassatt.
According to a chapter on Featherwork in Wari: Lords of the Ancient Andes, t
<|endofexample|>
New Year’s resolutions made at the start of the year won’t make that much difference in the coming months.
Those who knew their God at the ending of 2012 will no doubt continue their journey with Christ.
But for those who have regrets in their living and have gone in the wrong direction, the new year is a good time to take stock and make decisions for the right.
This day can be the beginning of a new life, just as for the man of Gadara, who lived among the tombs (Luke 8:27). His transformation, however, didn’t come about with resolutions, only by the power of Christ.
Jesus and his disciples had crossed over the sea of Galilee to the land of the Gadarenes coming to shore at one of the cities of the Decapolis — now Umm Qais — and there met the situation.
After Jesus had stilled the storm while crossing the Galilee, the group now faced this man who had been ostracized from society. The tormented man had no hope — he had no rest, no joy, no place and no peace.
Unpleasant circumstances had forced the man to live in fear and uncertainty. No longer could he enjoy the security and assurance of “home.”
No longer could he have the normalcy of life. He didn’t know that the Son of God would be his visitor that day and then everything would change. He didn’t know that this day would be the beginning of a new life.
He didn’t know this group of men who landed on the shores of Gadara meant the difference between life and death.
But Jesus changed things for this outcast — He delivered him from the devils which (by request) then went into swine nearby.
The pigs, according to Scripture, ran off the cliffs into the water and drowned.
“Return to thine own house, and show how great things God hath done unto thee” (Luke 8:39).
These were the words of Jesus to the man, after deliverance from the demons who possessed his soul, mind and body..
How foolish it is to “live among the tombs,” when.”
<|endofexample|>
This week I shared how to create your holiday budget and how important it is to do so over at Valpak.com. (You can check out the article here.) I know for our family, our budget will be much higher heading into this week with all the entertaining that we’ll be doing. Plus, we’re hosting a 1st birthday party for family in honor of our little one.
Today, I wanted to start by sharing how I create my budget and keep things organized during this time of year.
(By the way, don’t forget to check out my Turkey and Ham price comparison list for our grocery stores!)
First Step – Set the Amount I can spend.
Our budget this year is $150 for the week. This will include everything I need to feed our family and my in-laws for 5 days, the 1st birthday party meal for 10 adults and 3 kids and cake, as well as the side I’m providing for Thanksgiving.
Second Step – Create a Meal Plan and list everything I’ll need to buy.
I created a list of meals I’ll be preparing and then visited my stockpile to figure out what items I have on hand and what items I need to buy. My meal plan is based on using as many items from my pantry as possible to cut down on my costs. I also plan to be very flexible with breakfast and lunch so I’ve listed a number of items I plan to have on hand to cater to what our family is in the mood for.
Meal Plan
Breakfast (flexible) - Cereal, Homemade Cinnamon Rolls
Need to buy: Milk, eggs
Have already: Cereal, Coffee, flour, cinnamon, sugar, butter
Lunch (flexible) - PB&J, Fruit, Milk, Sandwiches, Chips
Need to Buy: Milk, Bread, Fruit, Chips, Bread, Lunchmeat
Have already: PB&J
Tuesday
Dinner – Breakfast for Dinner
Need to Buy: Nothing
Have already: Sausage, Pancake Mix
Late Night Snack (when in-laws arrive): Cheese and Crackers
Need to Buy: Cheese, Crackers
Wednesday (Party Day!)
Dinner (Birthday Party): Lasagna, Salad, Garlic Bread, Cake, Ice Cream
Need to buy: salad, tomatoes, cucumbers, bread, cake mix, confectionary sugar, milk, ice cream
Have already: noodles, sauce, ground beef (see cow), ricotta, mozarella cheese, vanilla
Thursday (Thanksgiving)
Dinner: Cucumber Salad
Need to buy: cucumbers, sour cream, red onion
Have already: vinegar, dill
Friday
Dinner: Homemade Pizza, Salad
Need to buy: ham, basil, “real” mozarella cheese, salad, tomatoes, cucumbers
Have already: bread flour, yeast, olive oil, mozarella cheese, pizza sauce, onions, peppers
Saturday:
Dinner: Leftovers
Need to buy: nothing!
Third Step – Compile all needed items into one shopping list.
Shopping List:
Produce:
Salad (lasagna dinner & pizza night)
Cucumber (Cucumber salad)
Red Onion
Sour Cream
Tomatoes
Fruit
Dairy:
Milk
eggs
“Real” Mozarella Cheese
Grocery:
Bread
Chips
Crackers
Cake Mix
Powdered Sugar
Deli:
Ham
Lunchmeat for lunches
Frozen:
Ice Cream
Garlic Bread
Tomorrow I’ll share how I’m going to take this list and create my shopping plan! I have to admit, I’m not as overwhelmed now that I have a list of what I need. It helps to be bringing a side to Thanksgiving! Thanks mom! :) I also think I’ll be under budget so I’ll have some extra money to spend on decorations and maybe a few more additional fun items!
Stay tuned…
<|endofexample|>
Student accused of making threats at school
Published On: Dec 18 2012 06:17:38 PM CST Updated On: Dec 18 2012 06:20:28 PM CST
Dec. 18, 2012: A Kingwood High School student has been accused of making threats to use a firearm on campus and shoot an officer. Courtney Gilmore reports.
<|endofexample|>
More speculation: James Harrison to Ravens?.
<|endofexample|>
'Argo,' 'Les Miserables' take top Globes
Daniel Day-Lewis, Jessica Chastain take best actor awards
"Argo,".
Mychael Danna, who composed the score for best movie nominee "Life of Pi," won for best original score in a movie.
The Austrian film "Amour" won best foreign film, presented by Sly Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Pixar film "Brave" carried home the Globe for best animated feature film.
Unlike the Oscars, the Globes also honor television with 11 awards.
HBO's "Game Change" won three TV Globes, including for best made-for-TV miniseries or movie. Julianne Moore was given the best actress in a made-for-TV miniseries or movie award for portraying former vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin. Ed Harris was awarded the best supporting actor Globe for his work on "Game Change."..
Poehler joked that Gervais proved that "when you run afoul of the Hollywood Foreign Press, they make you host the show two more times."
Poehler's best one-liner, based on the loud audience laughter, targeted Kathryn Bigelow, director of best movie nominee "Zero Dark Thirty," which is controversial because of its portrayal of the torture of terror detainees. "When it comes to torture, I trust the lady who spent three years married to James Cameron," Poehler said.
<|endofexample|>
Michigan citizens sign petition to secede from US
Michigan among states with petitions to secede from United States
Published On: Nov 15 2012 09:58:27 PM EST Updated On: Nov 15 2012 10:22:40 PM EST
In the wake of President Barack Obama's re-election, a group of Michiganders want to leave the United States behind.
Citizens are signing a petition calling for Michigan to secede from the U.S. and create its own new government.
So far just more than 18,000 signatures are on the petition.
Michigan is not the only state with such an idea -- citizens in 19 other states have filed similar peaceful secession petitions.
The Michigan petition asks the Obama administration to "peacefully grant the State of Michigan to withdraw from the United States of America and create its own new government."
Many of the signatures on the petition are from individuals who live outside of Michigan.
View the petition at WhiteHouse.gov.
<|endofexample|>
Neither John Mayer nor Katy Perry have been particularly open about their relationship, thus far letting photos of them together do all of the talking.
But Mayer, who recently reclaimed his voice on stage, spoke on their status with Rolling Stone, saying he's in a good place with Perry.."
<|endofexample|>
There are many maxims on how to make and save money, but media mogul Edward W. Scripps has some that are a little unorthodox.
Scripps began building his media empire in 1878. Now, it encompasses 20 newspapers, broadcast television stations, cable networks and along with other media enterprises, it spans many states.
Scripps was very keen on ethics and keeping his money, business and life in balanced perspective. In his life, he followed a 23-point code of conduct which he detailed in his essay "Some Outlandish Rules for Making Money."
Here are some highlights:
Never spend as much money as you earn. The smaller your expenditures, the larger your profits. If you're always just breaking even, you're setting yourself up for trouble. Any bump in the road could spell disaster.
Never do anything today that you can put off until tomorrow. This may sound like procrastination, but there are always too many things to do in a single day. It is important to prioritize and to apply your time and energy only where it's needed. You may even find the things that are not worth doing today are not worth doing at all.
Never do anything yourself when you can get someone else to do it for you. This may sound like laziness, but when you delegate tasks to others, you are able to focus on the things only you can do -- and do them well.
Never do anything that someone else is already doing. Why compete with anyone else when you could have a monopoly in a different field? Find a need within your community that isn't being addressed, and design a service to take care of it. If something compels you to compete in a market, make sure that what you are doing is different in every way possible from your competitor.
Never do the same thing twice. There is always a better way of doing something. Make sure that every time you succeed, you try to find out how to make the next round better. This will keep you ahead of any competition, keep you on forward-moving track, and your customers will appreciate the effort.
If you're succeeding, keep the "how" and "why" under wraps. If you share your key to success, someone else can try to copy your formula. It's better to keep your best hand a secret.
Save Money. No one can save themselves rich, but savings are capital. Capital can transform into security, investments and additional opportunities.
Thinking should be the hardest work you do. With a business, each decision should be carefully examined. Success brings more questions and requires sharper thought to continue growth. Push yourself to question conventions and examine your business and finances at all times.
<|endofexample|>
Angie Skye vs. Missy
Angie Skye and Missy are making their Femme Fatales debut and they are out to show what they are made of in front of the crowd. Both competitors would love to start of their career in Femme Fatales with a victory it all depends on which one wants it more!
NCW Femmes Fatales
Missy, Angie Skye
<|endofexample|>
Out of this world!
Shake, Rattle & Bowl. Our 20-lane bowling center. Plus a pro shop overflowing with equipment, clothes and specialty bowling balls. There are even a couple of very cool touch-screen video games to pass the time between frames. It doesn't stop there.
Just next door is Johnny Rockets for the perfect bowling meal: a burger and fries. Right inside Shake, Rattle & Bowl is The Gutter bar. So between games you can grab a drink, soda or quick snack. For group outings, hours, and rates, please call (928) 567-7950. An adult must accompany kids under 12.
<|endofexample|>
Open thread: 13 Dec 2012Richard Treadgold | December 13, 2012
I’m sorry for my absence.
I hate not writing here; it’s as though there’s been a death in the family. But academic proofreading at the end of the year goes through the roof and earning money takes precedence over everything.
In case you have things to say, here’s a fresh thread to say it in. Goodness knows, there’s plenty to talk about.
Stay well. I’ll be back in a week or so.
The worst of the BEST
By Nir Shaviv, Thu, 2012-12-06 19:51.
[Read More..]
>”….the conclusions from their follow up analyses are unfounded. This is primarily because they used modeling which is too simple (and with it they killed the solar effect) and unphysical (response to volcanic forcing is much smaller than the response to CO2 forcing)”
Could be said of other recent efforts I can think of.
BTW, BEST preliminary at Wood for Trees is definitely a work in progress. Check out the 2010 El Niño:-
How about North Korea?
This country is the eco-greeny paradise.
Most people have no electricity, no car and no energy consuming appliances.
It has no oil.
Its everything the greenies say they want. (For the rest of us that is)
So what say we make a deal with Dear Leader?
All our nature loving do-gooders, for all the North Koreans who want out?
Throw in some shiny weapons and promise to have Dear Leaders praises sung at any embassy he comes to, just as long as he makes sure the greenies get for sure, what they claim they want.
For a diversion from things climate I recommend the Optical Illusions page at Bored Panda (the only magazine for pandas):-
One for Gareth to ponder on:
Surprising (for me anyway) industrial uses for carbon dioxide:-
Supercritical carbon dioxide
Supercritical carbon dioxide is a fluid state of carbon dioxide where it is held at or above its critical temperature and critical pressure.
E.g.
Supercritical CO2 is becoming an important commercial and industrial solvent due to its role in chemical extraction in addition to its low toxicity and environmental impact.
And,
Carbon dioxide is gaining popularity among coffee manufacturers looking to move away from some of the classic decaffeinating solvents of the past, many of which lead to public outcry because of real or perceived dangers related to their use in food preparation.
And,
Supercritical carbon dioxide can also be used as a more environmentally friendly solvent for dry cleaning as compared to more traditional solvents such as hydrocarbons and perchloroethylene.
And,
Recent studies have proved SC-CO2 is an effective alternative for terminal sterilization of biological materials and medical devices.
And,
Supercritical carbon dioxide is used as the extraction solvent for creation of essential oils and other herbal distillates. Its main advantages over solvents such as hexane and acetone in this process are that it is non-toxic and non-flammable.
And,
Supercritical carbon dioxide is also an important emerging natural refrigerant, being used in new, low carbon solutions for domestic heat pumps. [I knew about this at least]
And last but possibly the most surprising,. Given the volume of polluting fuels used in producing electricity, the environmental impact of cycle efficiency increases would be significant.
# # #
I only stumbled on this by spotting the hotlink on the essential oil page I was reading:-
<|endofexample|>
adaptation stories, lessons, and explorations
By Devyani Parameshwar, Intellcap.
Hi there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it is truly informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I will appreciate if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Though now the topic is the resistance and adaptation to climate change must take into account the importance of working together with our leaders, and that climate change is a huge problem not solved in a few hands.
So different countries have policies that we know to know how each country contributes. For now I leave policies in Colombia
Name (required)
Website
You can use these HTML tags
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>
Ecosystems and Species
On the Cutting Edge
Policy
Communities Respond
Disaster Risk Reduction
Capacity Building
<|endofexample|>
"Finanance"
Billing, Posting or Calculating Machine Operator
customer service
Ideal Companies: real estate companies
EXPERIENCED FINANICAL INSTITUTION WORKER
Self motivated team player
Ideal Companies: Bank One,
Customer service
communicate with customers and leadership skills,respectful,loyal
Ideal Companies: Bank of America, ADT, CSX, Blue Cross Blue Shield
Tags for this Online Resume: ansering in coming calls
Go-Getter
Excellent customer service skills, creative, responsible, and very flexible.
Ideal Companies: Bank of America, Wachovia, General Electric, SunTrust
Tags for this Online Resume: Finance, Analyst
Senior Software Engineer
Experienced hands-on software engineer with a passion for Java and software development both at work and in my spare time.
Ideal Companies: Amazon, Yahoo
Tags for this Online Resume: Java, Software Engineer, Design Patterns, Unit Testing, J2EE, HTML, Ruby
Financial Manager
marketing specialist
High energy professional with a creative loyal dedicated professional
Ideal Companies: stiles corporation, silversea cruises
Tags for this Online Resume: marketing, administrative
Credit Quality Asurance Analyst
Credit Quality Assurance Analyst for 3 to 7 year period with finanical institution in Eastern Pennsylvania/Delaware
Seasoned Finane & Accounting Professional
To further my professional career in an executive level finance/accounting position, providing new levels of growth and opportunity while adding value to the organization.
<|endofexample|>
The new facility is a great building in the East York community with a window store front.
The TCA offers 86 climbing stationswith 120 distinct climbs including over 60 lead stations.
If you are into bouldering we've got you covered with over 4000 sq. ft. of bouldering terrain with a dramatic Top-Out exit.
The TCA offers you variety of artificial climbing surface including walls from:
Pyramid – France
Rockwerx – U.S.A.
Passe Montagne - Montreal
And much more. You have to come out and try it.
The tiled changeroom facility is spacious and bright with amazing showers.
We are ready are you?
New Location
11 Curity Ave
Toronto ,On M4B 1X4
Tel: 416 406 5900 or 416 757 4208
<|endofexample|>
Pharmacokinetics of Daunorubicin in Treating Young Patients With Cancer
- Full Text View
- Tabular View
- No Study Results Posted
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study Record.
- Pharmacokinetics
- Relationship between body composition and the pharmacokinetics of daunorubicin hydrochloride
- Correlation of the pharmacokinetics of daunorubicin hydrochloride with gender, age, or ethnic background
- Relationship between pharmacokinetics and toxicity
- Relationship between pharmacokinetics, renal and hepatic function, and complete blood count
Detailed Description:
OBJECTIVES:
Primary
- Determine the pharmacokinetics of daunorubicin hydrochloride in pediatric patients with malignancy.
Secondary
- Evaluate the relationship between body composition (percent body fat) and the pharmacokinetics of daunorubicin hydrochloride in these patients.
- Correlate the pharmacokinetics of daunorubicin hydrochloride with gender, age, or ethnic background in these patients.
- Explore, in a preliminary fashion, possible relationships between pharmacokinetic results and toxicity.
- Explore, in a preliminary fashion, possible relationships between pharmacokinetic results and renal and hepatic function and complete blood count.
- Explore, in a preliminary fashion, possible genetic polymorphisms that may influence daunorubicin hydrochloride disposition.
OUTLINE: This is a multicenter study.
Patients undergo blood collection prior to, periodically during, and after treatment with daunorubicin hydrochloride for pharmacokinetic analysis.
Patients also undergo body composition testing within 7 days before or after the administration of daunorubicin hydrochloride using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry.
PROJECTED ACCRUAL: A total of 100 patients will be accrued for this study.
DISEASE CHARACTERISTICS:
- Diagnosis of any malignancy
- Must be receiving a chemotherapy regimen that includes daunorubicin hydrochloride administered as an infusion of any duration for < 24 hours on either a 1- or a 2-day schedule, including bolus and all short infusion schedules
PATIENT CHARACTERISTICS:
- Not pregnant or nursing
- No significant uncontrolled systemic illness
- Large implanted prostheses allowed (should not undergo dual energy x-ray absorptiometry scan)
PRIOR CONCURRENT THERAPY:
- See Disease Characteristics
Additional Information:
No publications provided
Keywords provided by National Cancer Institute (NCI):
Additional relevant MeSH terms:
ClinicalTrials.gov processed this record on May 16, 2013
<|endofexample|>
Open Label Study to Assess Efficacy and Safety of Olaparib in Confirmed Genetic BRCA1 or BRCA2 Mutation Pats
This study is ongoing, but not recruiting participants.
Sponsor:
AstraZeneca
Information provided by (Responsible Party):
AstraZeneca
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier:
NCT01078662
First received: March 1, 2010
Last updated: May 9, 2013
Last verified: May 2013
- Full Text View
- Tabular View
- Study Results
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study Record
To assess the efficacy of oral olaparib in patients with advanced cancer who have a confirmed genetic BRCA1 and/or BRCA2 mutation, by assessment of tumour response
Resource links provided by NLM:
MedlinePlus related topics: CancerU.S. FDA Resources
Further study details as provided by AstraZeneca:
Primary Outcome Measures:
- To assess the efficacy of oral olaparib in patients with advanced cancer who have a confirmed genetic BRCA1 and/or BRCA2 mutation by assessment of tumour response [ Time Frame: at baseline, then in every 8 weeks up to 6 months after starting study treatment, then every 12 weeks until progression ] [ Designated as safety issue: No ]
Secondary Outcome Measures:
- assessment of objective response rate (ORR), progression free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), duration of response (DOR) and disease control rate (DCR) [ Time Frame: at baseline, then in every 8 weeks up to 6 months after starting study treatment, then every 12 weeks until progression ] [ Designated as safety issue: No ]
- safety and tolerability by collection of adverse events, haematology, clinical chemistry data, vital signs [ Time Frame: at screening, 3x within 1st month and then every 4 weeks ] [ Designated as safety issue: Yes ]
- Exploratory outcome measure; to enable a potential retrospective comparison of previously determined genetic BRCA mutation status taken from blood sample collection [ Time Frame: At screening visit ] [ Designated as safety issue: No ]
Criteria)
No publications provided
Keywords provided by AstraZeneca:
ClinicalTrials.gov processed this record on May 16, 2013
<|endofexample|>
Our Community
Categories
Archives
<|endofexample|>
Today’s tutorial i will demonstrate how to create enormous affection in space love. In this tutorial we using some photoshop new tools including the refine edge feature, which really helps to make more efficient the process of masking and removing objects from their background. So why not have a try…
Resources
The following resources were used during the production of this tutorial:
- Model
- Helmet
- Necklace
Step 1
Normally, I would ignore this step because it’s quite basic but Photoshop CS5′s new Refine Edge feature is extremely easy to use and can save you a lot of time.
Okay, let’s get started! Open your stock photo. Choose the Quick Selection Tool (W), it may be hidden under the Magic Wand Tool. Depending on your photo’s resolution, choose a suitable brush size, then paint over the parts you don’t need as shown below.
With selection still activated, click Refine Edge on the Option bar. When the Refine Edge dialog box comes appears, choose View: On Layer (Hotkey: L). Use the settings below:
- Edge Detection: Check Radius, Radius: 6px
- Smooth: 20
- Constrast: 20%
- Shift Edge: +20%
- Check Decontaminate Colors: 70% for Amount.
Don’t click OK! With the Refine Edge dialog box still open, click “Refine Radius Tool (E) expands detection area” on the left side. Then draw over the cutting edges, do this a few times to get a desired result.
Save this as a PSD file or a PNG with a transparent background. We will need this later on.
Step 2
Open Sky 1. Go to Image > Adjustments > Curves:
Place Sky 2 into the document and scale it to fit. Position on top of the background layer and set blending mode to Overlay.
Now place the Wave photo. Go to Edit > Transform > Flip Vertical. Position “wave” layer between the two cloud layers. Change blending mode to multiply.
Step 3
Now place the PSD/PNG model photo from Step 1 into your working document. Put her on the top layer (name it Model). Cmd + T to resize her and rotate as shown below.
Place the Wings photo into your working document. Resize, rotate, and then duplicate the “wings” layer. Put one below the Model layer and one above.
With the “Wings front” layer still activated, pick the Eraser Tool (E), with the brush’s hardness set to 100%. Remove the left wing to reveal model’s body. Don’t worries, we already have a backup wing underneath?
Step 4
Place the Helmet image into the working document, name it “Helmet” and put it on the top layer. Use the Lasso Tool (L) to cut it into 2 parts (back and front) and split it into 2 different layers.
Put the “Helmet back” layer underneath the Model layer and set “Helmet back’s opacity to 60%. Resize and rotate them as shown below.
Pick the Dodge Tool (O) and use a small soft brush set to Range: Highlights, Exposure: 80%. Shade both helmet front & back until it looks shiny.
Step 5
Place the Necklace photo into your working document on the topmost layer. Resize, rotate, and distort it until it fits on the model’s neck.
Step 6
Let’s add a bit more hair to the model using our Hair Brush set.
Use the technique we outlined in Step 3 to reveal the model’s arm.
Step 7
Now let’s make some ribbons with the Pen Tool (P). Create a new layer on top of everything, name it Ribbon 1, select the Pen Tool (P), then draw a path like the one shown below (remember to use the Direct Selection Tool to customize your path where needed).
Using the Direct Selection Tool, right click on the path, then choose “Fill path”, fill it with any color, then click OK. We will fix it later. Apply a layer style as shown below with a Gradient Overlay.
Note: if your ribbon is not curvy enough, just go to Edit > Transform > Warp, with this tool you can freely create many styles of ribbons. As you can see I created two more ribbons with their Opacity set to 60%.
Step 8
Now let’s create some stars. Choose the Brush Tool (B), select a soft brush 15px, then open the Brush Palette.
Paint stars on the canvas as shown below. Use the scatter and size jitter feature to vary the size and placement of each star.
Set Star layer’s blending mode to Overlay, and then select the Eraser Tool using a soft, large brush to erase stars you don’t want.
Step 9
Open the Rose photo, cut out one piece, crop it, then go to Edit > Define Brush > Name it Rose.
Now go back to your working document, select your Brush Tool (B), choose the rose brush that you just created, open the Brush Palette and use the settings below.
Create a new layer and bring it to the front. Choose red, orange as colors, draw pieces of rose that follow her body, after her hand.
Step 10
Go to Layer > New Adjustment Layer > Color Balance. Do these three times to make three Color Balance layers. Use the settings below.
Now click on the layer mask thumbnail of the Color Balance 2 layer, select the Eraser Tool using a soft, large brush with the Opacity set to 50% erase the center area of the picture, do the same thing with the Color Balance layer 3 and you are finished!
Final Result:
Hope you love this tutorial.
I feel really glad if you give me feedback through comment below. Soon i am going to show more interesting & innovative tutorials so please keep visit our blog. That’s for now.
Have fun!
For clipping path, image masking or design support please contact Clipping Design.
Thank you…
Reference : psd.tutsplus.com
<|endofexample|>
Report: Chris Paul says he will not extend with Clippers, Warriors [doesn't mean he won't resign though]
David Aldridge at NBA.com reports: "Chris Paul will not commit to signing a contract extension after this season with either the Golden State Warriors or Los Angeles Clippers if he is traded to either team by the New Orleans Hornets, citing the potential financial hit if he were to do that rather than becoming a free agent and signing a new deal with a new team next summer, according to league sources. That has left potential deals with both teams in limbo…. The Clippers, for example, are very reluctant to include the unprotected first-round pick from Minnesota they currently own in any deal with New Orleans — which is understandably holding out for the maximum amount possible in exchange for its franchise player — under the current scenario."
<|endofexample|>
Chocolate and Maraschino Cherry Shortbread Cookies
>>IMAGE)
Similar Recipes:
Orange Cookies Dipped in Chocolate
Dark Chocolate Shortbread with Fleur de Sel
Lime Meltaways
Peppermint White Chocolate Chip Cookies
39!! ;-)
<|endofexample|>
Shows & Events Search
- Select a date
- January
- February
- March
- April
- May
- June
- July
- August
- September
- October
- November
- December
- Choose an event or leave blank
Brownhills Club Events
Upcoming Shows & Events Calendar
Summer Spectacular 2013
Please note that we are now full on-site at Newark. All further bookings will be for wild camping overnight stays ...Find out more
The Spanish Basque Country & Central Spain - GB Tours
Escorted Motorhome Tour with GB Privlege. Brownhills Club Members receive a 5% discount when booking this tour. Please visit ...Find out more
End of Summer Event
The third and final of our on-site shows for 2013 is being held a little earlier than usual from 6th ...Find out more
The Motorhome Show, Season Finale
This event is being held at Lincoln Showground. There will be a Club Brownhills rally area at this event - ...Find out more
Motorhome & Caravan Show - NEC
Find out moreFind out more
Valkenburg & Monschau Christmas Markets - GB Tours
Escorted Motorhome Tour with GB Privlege. Brownhills Club Members receive a 5% discount when booking this tour. Please visit ...Find out more
Booking Terms & Conditions
General Terms & Conditions
1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 In these terms and conditions
"Conditions" means the standard terms and conditions of sale set out in this document and (unless the context otherwise requires) includes any special terms and conditions agreed in writing between you and us
"Contract" means the contract for the sale and purchase of Goods
"Force Majeure" means fire explosion flood lightning act of God act of terrorism war rebellion or riot sabotage or official strike or similar official labour dispute or events or circumstances outside our reasonable control
"Goods" means the goods (including any instalment Brownhills Motorhomes International Limited (Company No. 3426420)
"you" and "your" means the person firm or company who accepts a quotation from us for the supply of Goods or whose order for the supply of Goods is accepted by us
1.2 The headings in these Conditions are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation
2 BASIS OF SUPPLY AND SALE
2.1 We shall supply and you shall purchase the Goods in accordance with any written quotation from us which you accept or any written
4 PERFORMANCE DATE
4.3 Subject to acceptance and agreement as in clause 4.2 above such particulars or specification shall be specified and such act shall be done in sufficient time to allow us to adhere to the Performance Date
4.4 If as a result of your failure to comply with clause 4.3 we are unable to adhere to the Performance Date we shall be entitled at our discretion either
4.4.1 to notify you of a new Performance Date or
4.4.2 to treat the Contract as repudiated by you and to claim damages thereon
5 PRICE
5.1 We reserve the right by giving notice to you at any time after you have placed an order with us but before supply
5.2 Except as otherwise stated all Prices exclude all duties taxes (including VAT) and charges and any such charge shall be payable by you
5.3 Where any additional charges as referred to in clause 5.2 are required by law to be paid by us the amount of such additional charges shall be recoverable by us from you as part of the Price and the Price shall be increased accordingly
6 PAYMENT
6.1 Subject to any special terms agreed in writing between you and us we shall be entitled to invoice you for the Price of the Goods on or at any time after despatch of the Goods from us to you
6.2 You must notify us in writing of any complaint or query regarding our invoice within 7 days of the date of our invoice of which time shall be of the essence
6.3 We shall be entitled to charge you for any bank charges which we incur as a result of any cheque standing order direct debit or similar being returned unpaid by our bank
6.4 You shall pay the Price of the Goods
6.5 If you fail to make any payment on the due date then without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to us we shall be entitled to
6.5.1 cancel the Contract or suspend any further deliveries to you
6
6.5.3 exercise our statutory right to claim compensation for debt recovery costs under the late payment legislation and/or charge you all costs for recovering monies due to us
7 RISK AND PROPERTY
7.1 Risk of damage to or loss of the Goods shall pass to you
7.1.2 on collection of the goods by you
whichever occurs first
7.2 Notwithstanding delivery and the passing of risk in the Goods or any other provision of these Conditions the property in the Goods shall not pass to you until we have received in cash or cleared funds payment in full for the Price of the Goods and all other Goods agreed to be sold by us to you for which payment is then due
7.3 Until such time as the property in the Goods passes to you you shall hold the goods as our fiduciary agent and bailee and shall keep the Goods separate from your own and those of third parties and properly store protect insure and identify them as our property
8 CLAIMS FOR DEFECTS DAMAGE LOSS OR NON-DELIVERY
8.1 You shall inspect the Goods within 7 days of the date on which they are delivered to the address to which we are instructed to make delivery or within 60 days from the date of invoice for the Goods (whichever is the sooner)
8
8
8
8.5 We shall not be under any liability for any failure to perform any of our obligations under the Contract due to Force Majeure We shall be allowed a reasonable extension of time for the performance of our obligations under the Contract following notification to you of a Force Majeure event
8
9 TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION
Where
9.1 you make any voluntary arrangement with your creditors or become subject to an Administration Order or if you are an individual or a firm you become bankrupt or if you are a company you go into liquidation (otherwise than for the purposes of amalgamation or reconstruction)
9.2 an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver is appointed of any of your property or assets
9.3 you cease or threaten to cease to carry on business or the Contract by you You shall not assign the benefit of this Contract without our prior written consent
10.5 The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to this Contract
10.6 This Contract shall be governed by the laws of England
<|endofexample|>
offers and promotions
£££££'s per passenger
Upcoming Holidayssee all holidays...
Tango Feast in Torquay, 07/06/2013 - 10/06/2013
Tango Feast is a unique weekend Tango event and the brainchild of Fernando Guidi who began running three weekends in differing locations back in 2008.More
Salsa Splash Spain, 11/06/2013 - 17/06/2013
Mambo City's Salsa Splash Spain is a non-stop dance explosion in the sun offering high-energy workshops and unforgettable parties at night with competitions, great music and dance shows, pool parties and more.More
Zouk Splash Spain, 11/06/2013 - 17/06/2013
Running along side Mambo City's Salsa Splash Spain is a brand new holiday for 2013, dedicated to Zouk Lambada.More
Dance Holiday Videos
What will it be like? Check out our video below
Join our mailing list
Be the first to hear about upcoming dance holidays, special offers and exciting dance events near you! Sign up today!
<|endofexample|>
Baby #3 is well on his/her way.
Sorry for the creepy ultrasound picture…but it’s the law of blogging-you-are-pregnant…you must share the ultrasound picture.
I’m due March 19th…so I’ll have 3 babies born in March…so every March we’ll be the party house and sick of cake. :) We are really excited…I’m not feeling ready for 3 kids, but it will come. To celebrate I started a baby quilt that I’m not quite sure about:
I’m trying to jump out of my color comfort zone…but it might be a mistake. I’ll show you even if it is...unless it's really bad.
183 comments:
Wow! Congratulations to you! :)
Yeah for you, Allison! What happy news. :)
Happy news, congrats to you!
That's wonderful! Congratulations to you and your family!!
Congrats!
Congratulations! Start thinking pink.
Congratulations!! Three is a lot of fun! For me, the adjustment to the third was surprisingly easier than adjusting to two, so I'm hoping the same is true for you!
Congratulations!
Congrats!
That's so exciting. Congratulations.
Congratulations! Three is a great number :)
Congrats!!! As a mom of three I can tell you it is crazy and awesome and everything in between.
Congrats!!
Congratulations! Three is terrific .. hope you're feeling okay. The pictures are really neat .. I don't have any from any of my kids :(
fantastic news!!! congrats!!!
How exciting. Congrats, Allison!
How Exciting! A BIG congratulations to you and yours!
Congrats! And who gets sick of cake?!!
Congrats! Exciting news :) My dear friend has 3 April babies - it makes for a really fun month!
Congratulations! Can't wait to hear more.
Congratulations, Allison :)
Congratulations ... three is a great number...I enjoyed it so much I now have 4! Love the untrasound photos ... priceless. Hugs, Sharon
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!! Wonderful news! :) Our family's always sick of cake in July and September... four people's birthdays each of those months!
Congratulations!
CONGRATS!
Congratulations!!
Congrats!
hey congratulations allison! i'm due march 14 so i'm right there with ya. hope you're feeling ok.
will you find out baby's gender?
i'm taking a poll on my blog - we never find out but i kinda want to this time ... hmmm!
Oh yay! Babies are such blessings. Although, I am happy it's you and not me...I already have 3 ;) (all boys!!!) Wishing you a healthy and easy~going pregnancy! Oh, and I have no doubts that the quilt you are working on will be fabulous. Smiles~Beth
Woo hoo! Congratulations! Here's to lots of cake!
Congratulations Allison and family!
Congratulations!
Congrats! Speaking as the mom of 3, it's totally awesome!
Congratulations. At our house we had 3 birthdays in July and one in June, all within 31 days. Got it all out of the way in the summer.
Congrats! My Siblings and I are all September babies with me finishing up the month of celebration. My little one was born March 13th this year. Yes, the ultrasound pics is a must lol!
Wow! Congratulations!
Congratulations!! Threes the charm!! Love the picture...someday your child will laugh at that! Take care!
P
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations to you and your family! Hope you have a smooth pregnancy!
Congratulations!!!!
Congratulations!
all 3 of my children were born in July (within 10 days), and that is exactly how we feel! Party, party, party, cake, cake, cake! My birthday is in August, and by that time, everyone is too sick of birthdays to care! =)
Congratulations! And those pictures are so cool! Makes it so much more "real" somehow doesn't it?
Congrats! Three is not much different to two. I'm sure your quilt will look great. Have faith! {{{hugs}}} Julia
i love creepy ultrasound pictures! Congratulations!
What wonderful news! Congratulations to the 5 of you :) Here's to many beautiful baby quilts!
Congratulations!
Also, it can't be really bad. You will make it work. And if you don't, it's still a learning experience and sharing helps make sure we all learn a little bit. :-)
Congratulations, this will be a special baby.
Felicitations! A third child is a blessing, which we must remind ourselves of when we are tired!! Wishing you a peaceful pregnancy ♥
Wahoooo! Congratulations! What a blessing!
Congrats!! I have two boys under three and know I'm not ready for a third, but I'm starting to get baby fever!! (Ticking biological clock?) Maybe I'll just live vicariously through you and all the other bloggers having babies soon. Good luck with your pregnancy!! :)
Congrats! I remember being pregnant with #3 as a bit overwhelming (two little children to take care of), but his babyhood was wonderful (two little helpers to fetch, carry, and clean up!) I am glad it is you and not me, as I have had six, and the youngest is now 16 (but I also run a daycare of eleven children!!) Take good care of yourself!! You know that only you can, and your whole family is depending on you. Best wishes!
Wow! Congrats! That is such happy news. :)
Congratulations! How fun to have a larger family! Here's to a safe and uneventful pregnancy!
Congratulations on #3! Babies are such a blessing. Do you wait until the birth to find out the gender?
three is a great number, I had a boy then two girls just 18 mo apart. My youngest daughter just had her first, a boy and two girls, TRIPLETS! It is a bit overwhelming right now but will be oh so much fun in a year or so!
Поздравляю!!!
Congratulations xxx
Congrats!
Congratulations to you and your family. I have 3 and it's wonderful. Many blessings to you.
Congrats! I was looking forward to a March baby at this time last year and now have a sweet six-month-old sleeping in her crib. We have two March kids now so it'll be a party month!
YAY Allison..... it will either be 3 boys or a little sister who will never be able to date with two older brothers :)
Congratulations to you and your family. I have five children, four boys and one girl,and I am very happy with my family...
With love Katri
Congratulations!
Congratulations! Both my babies were born in June with 5days between. I have almost finished my sons quilt he is three months now, just sewing the last of the binding. Yay!
Congratulations! You'll be ready (or have to be) when he/she is born! Are you feeling well?
Congratulations! Being a mum of three myself I'm a huge supporter of the three-child family! It's tiring but lots of fun! Wishing you a very happy pregnancy!
Congratulations, Allison !
Congratulations Allison, three is a nice number!!
Congratulations, Allison! This is wonderful news! Hope it's smooth sailing all the way to March!
Congratulations! So exciting
I'm one of 7 - my oldest bro is Oct (honeymoon!), I'm Feb, the other 5 are ALL March.....yep! Fun!
Congratulations! That's lovely news :-)
Congrats and hugs!
MMMmmm cske!
Congratulations!
Congrats to you and the family !!!
All the best people are born in March :)
Congratultions to you all! Seems to be something in the blogging waters! I really want three or four kids, more the merrier, right?!
Congratulations Allison!!
I am so happy for you.
hugs. Trish
Congratulations Allison!!! I am thrilled for you and your growing family. Isn't it amazing the age we live in when we can SEE our baby growing!!! How amazing is that? I wish you more delights and joy than you ever thought your heart could hold!!!
Congratulations!!! Wonderful news to wake up to :)
Congratulations to you and your family! What a wonderful time March will be.
Awe, congratulations! How fun....hope all goes very well this pregnancy for you. =)
Ohhh Allison congratulations!!! We have three children and it's a whole lot more fun than two :-) Wishing you a smooth and happy pregnancy. Leigh
Congratulations!!! Hope everything goes well and you are feeling good!! From my experience, the first 2 kids are the hardest, #3 and #4 (you probly don't want to think about that) were much easier to get used to. You're already in the routine and have all the baby stuff you need, and depending on the ages of the others, you can get at least a little help from them. Looking forward to seeing your "out of your comfort zone color" quilt!
Parabéns!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! três é uma boa conta, felicidades aos cinco!!!!!!
How exciting!! Congratulations xx
Congrats to you! 3 babies is a good number. Can't wait to see the quilt!
aww! So exciting! Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!! March is a good month, as you already know!
Congratulations!!!! How exciting =D I can't wait to see how your quilt turns out =D
Congratulations!!! I'm due in March with baby #2. I hope you are feeling well. I've got my fabrics pulled and an idea what I want to do, but I'm haven't found the motivation to actually start a quilt for this little one. Can't wait to see what you make!!
Congratulations!! So happy for you! More reasons to make more of your beautiful quilts and hopefully we get to see!:)
Congratulations!! You must have some great summers to have three kids born in March ;) hahahaha
I love creepy ultrasounds, it just highlights how special babies are and how amazing the whole process is.
Take it easy,
Lucy x
Congratulations! My daughter's birthday is in March, so when my sons due date was March 1st my mom said you have to have him in February, so they don't have the same month for birthdays! He was born Feb. 28th!
Congratulations!!! How exiting and surely you will sew baby quilts and baby cloths!
Warm thoughts and sunny wishes from Greece! Teje
Congratulations to you and your family!
Awww, new baby!!! Congrats to your family :):)
Congratulations!!
Congratulations! the 3rd is the bonus! My best friend just found out she is pregnant with number 3 and she is 43! She is still in shock since she has a 3yr. and an 13 month old. I say better in your 40's than not at all!!! Can't wait to see the new quilt!
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Can't wait hearing more about this and seeing all of the fun projects you'll make for baby #3. :)
CONGRATS! Can't wait to see the new baby's quilt! :)
Congratulations! What wonderful news!!! Wishing you all the best!
What happy news! Congrats!
Congratulations! We added baby #3 to our family in May. Your little one will bring so much joy.
Congrats to all of you! What a happy house you will have every March celebrating multiple birthdays. Again...Congrats!
Congrats! We have three grown kids, all 18 months apart. Wouldn't want it any other way!
YAY!!!!!congrats :) I have 3 and all of their b-days are within 30days of each other. Just remember cake can be frozen :) lol
-annabelle
Congratulations!! :0(
She looks just like you! Of course I am kidding. My daughter is also due in March. Must be something in the water.
Congratulations! I'm due with my second on March 17. My son's third birthday is 6 days after that. So I'm right there with you with the March birthdays. :-) I don't think your ultrasound pic is creepy. I think the really creepy ones are of the face. :-)
Congratulations to you and your family, there is nothing like a new baby to remind you of what matters most! I am a mom of 9...and really after 3 i could of have kept on going and then reality hit and I realized that it was not just a baby, but it was 18 more years of raising kids and so we quit. That said, I loved those years and every other phase of mothering too...beware they go so fast and then they are gone.
Congratulations! (And my sister has the exact same due date!)
Congratulations, Allison! We have several March birthdays also. Hope you are feeling well and please show the quilt...your things are always great!
Congratulations to you! My third child arrived last week. Things have definitely changed around here, but for the better. Of course starting out with twins kind of makes the third a little bit easier. ;) I hope the rest of your pregnancy goes well and I can't wait to see your quilt, I am sure it will be amazing!
FUN! My three boys are all born in February and you're right...you will be sick of cake! We have a huge birthday bash for everyone in between the birthdays. Be prepared for everyone to do backwards math on March minus 9 months :)
Congrats I am pregnant with my fifth and my due date is April 6. My fourth's due date was the 7th of April. So I could possibly have two kids with the exact birthday just three years a part- it'll be interesting to see what happens. All the best.
What a blessing! My family has three January birthdays. So the holiday season just seems to run from Thanksgiving to February. Very sick of cake by then!
Congratulations! March is a great month. My daughter and I were both born in March. Did you plan this timing? All 3 in March. A co-worker had 3 boys born in June. 2 on the same day 2 years apart and the 3rd one was born a year later and one day. They planned it that way and the 3rd one didn't cooperate momma said. ;o)
Congratulations! I couldn't talk the husband into a third :( Send the leftover cake to my house!
Wonderful news! Congratulations!
By the way, I love the peeks of color I see in your baby quilt beginnings.
Congrats! I too have 3 birthdays in March and yes, you will be sick of cake by the end! It's fun though!
Congratulations!
What fabulous news! My best advice for going from two to three...be ready to switch from man to man to zone defense. :)
Congratulations.....such happy news!
Congratulations and it is NOT a creepy picture at all.
Congratulations! It's a doddle 2/3 children, you're already in the zone so number 3 just fits right on in. We hardly noticed our third he just blended in with the rest of the chaos! And d'you know a more placid contented person I've yet to meet, so no worries (he's nearly 21 now)!
I'm not sure about that leaving your colour comfort zone, that is seriously scary! ♥
congrats. Your last one isn't very old is he? We had 6 in 11 years. Good on you. Look forward to seeing the quilt.
congrats!! I'm due the 21st (well, 19th by my sono) but I think we have the same doc!! :)
COngratulations! That is so exciting! 3. . . what an adventure!
Congrats to you!! 3 is fun, you learn how to be outnumbered :)
Encouragement from a perfect stranger: I found going from 2 to 3 kids WAY easier than going from 1 to 2.
I totally love your site and your quilts and your voice. Congratulations on your growing family!
Congratulations!! So excited for you and your family!
Congrats on your new addition. I am expecting #4 on March 12th :)
Congratulations!
So exciting! Congratulations!!!!
Mazel Tov!!! How exciting......wishing you and your family so much joy!!!
congrats!
shut the front door!
congratulations, that's awesome!
Congratulations!! Thanks for sharing the great news!! Praying everything goes well for you.
Congratulations! I'm so happy for you!
Oh congrats! It will be wonderful once you get used to it!
Congratulations!! 3 gets easier a little while later....afterwards....but it will!! Promise...one with 3 boys....it will!
When I found out I was pregnant last time I was so happy and then I found out it would be a March bday and I cried our immediate family has 7!!! March birthdays!!!! No one looks forward to March or the weight loss after.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR BABY !!!!!!!!!
It's wonderful being a mother of 3, do not know what you're going to have fun
Blessings to you
Congratulations! I have three little ones as well, and I am so glad that we decided to have three. Our kids are born in March, April, and May. I think the Spring is a wonderful time for birthdays!
Congrats! My first 3 are May babies and my last is April. It does make it a busy month to have so many birthdays in one month. Oh, our anniversary is in May also. So fun!
Awww, congratulations! Wonderful news! I have always been sorry I didn't have #3.
Congrats! I wish you every happiness and an enjoyable pregnancy too.
Absolutely thrilled for you & your family. Just love your website, patterns & especially you! Congrats on your wonderful news, Nancy
Congrats!! I love that 2012 the year for babies to be born. I hope to be joining in sometime soon! :)
Congratulations!
Oh how exciting for you. That's funny you're stacking them all into one month of the year that way.
My birthday is Jan 10th and my twins were born on Jan 15th.
My oldest son had his first child on Aug 29th 4 yrs ago and his 2nd child was just born 4 weeks ago on Aug 30th. lol
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing your happy news!
Congrats!!! I have to say that going from 2 to 3 kids was easier than 1 to 2 for me! How exciting for you!!!
Congratulations!! I have 3 kids with birthdays in September so we have just gotten through another year of birthdays:) It was good when they were younger though as we could just have a huge "combined" party but they don't want to do that anymore.
Congratulations!!!
Hi Allison.
Congratulations on your pregnancy.I am also 4 months pregnant! I feel pretty tired and my job as school teacher spends almost all of my energy, so I have almost abandoned the patchwork.
I loved seeing your ultrasound. I wish you a peaceful and happy pregnancy.
Many kisses from Granada, Spain, from espiralcaracola.blogspot.com
Congrats...show us your quilt either way. If it's not to your liking send it to 100 quilts for kids.
Congratulations! Babies are God's most precious blessings.
Congrats! We are a Sept birthday house (and with back to school stuff and Christmas looming, a broke house) so I was very happy when my youngest son was born in July! lol
Congratulations on baby #3! I'm super jealous... I've been trying to talk David into having another one for a year now. Please tell Jay to talk to him! LOL! Are you hoping for a boy or girl?
Happy news to you! Congrats! =) Here's hoping you don't have too much morning sickness...
How wonderful! Children are a great gift and a great adventure! I hope you are feeling okay?
:o)
Darice
mummyx8
what big news~ your house will be the party house every March!
Congratulations - March is a great month for birthdays! And I did the same thing, only with November. I have 3 in the first week. We're awfully sick of cake come the second week.
Happy news! Congratulations:)
I was not aware of the ultrasound posting law--noone tells me these things! :) I suppose I still have time though, my 1st is due in Jan. Congrats! hmmm, I just realized that the hubs bday is in feb, mine's St. Patty's day, so we'll have 3 months in a row of bdays!
Congratulations to you and your family!
that is amazing news!! Congrats to ya!!!
Congratulations! Not sure how I missed this post but so glad I decided to read back from your most recent post!
Congratulations on baby #3! We have three and our two daughters each have three! Good things happen in threes! And I love seeing ultrasound photos so post away!
Congratulations to you and your family!! That's so exciting! I just had our #3 in June and it hasn't been as much harder than having 2 as I expected - still an adjustment, but not as bad - I had another boy though, and I've heard girls can be a bit more of a handful. Best wishes! Can't wait to see what you do with the quilt - regardless!
congrats!!! we welcomed #3 2 months ago and it's been great... and interesting! LOL
Congratulations!!!!
Congratulation on baby #3!
Congratulations!!! Always so exciting to find out about a new baby!
In my family, we have 7 birthdays in September! Soooo fun, so crazy and SO MUCH CAKE!!
Happy, healthy wishes for you and that new baby!!
Holy cow!! How did I miss this post?!?! Congrats Allison! The boys must be so excited! Maybe it will be a little girl. Every little girl needs two strong big brothers to protect her! Congrats again! Can't wait to see what quilts you dream up for this little one! Jenn
Congratulations. I had my 3 sons all in June. Get all the Birthdays over in one month.
Congratulations! Fantastic news.
congrats! my first and only child (at least so far) was born this March 19th and in our country this is also Father's day, so it's double party!
i hope all goes well in your pregnancy! yeiii for March babies!
Ha ha, I understand the sick of cake comment! We have 3 birthdays in Jan and one Dec 30th. We're always trying new ideas: candybar cake(with a styrofoam base in the center), rice krispy cake, cheesecake, etc. Anything for a little variety in those 30 days with 4 birthdays! :-)
You are amazing, but don't feel guilty taking it easy when you need to. You deserve it.
<|endofexample|>
The Editor of the Journal is looking forward to receiving the detail of your cruise or even cruises this year. No matter how long your jaunt was please take some time to download and complete either the Word document, which can be filled out and emailed to office@clyde.org – or print off the PDF file complete and send either by post or fax to the CCC office.
The Editor is looking for entries into this years’ Journal by 31st October – so get your thinking caps on and get the lap top out in between the good bits of ‘Strictly’ or the ‘X-Factor’ and put together a few words to let your friends know where you got to.
Download and complete the Word document below. Remember to ‘Save’ your updates before emailing to office@clyde.org
ANCHORAGES VISITED 2012 Form
Download and print off the PDF below, complete and either fax or post to the office at the address below.
Remember - if your kids have anything to say they do have a voice on our website Junior Member's Blog which is their space to make contact with friends. Updates can be made through the Webmaster.
<|endofexample|>
Apple briefly got some of its shine back, after it delivered a package of capital programs that shareholders have been clamoring for.» 
Apple briefly got some of its shine back, after it delivered a package of capital programs that shareholders have been clamoring for....
U.S. cigarette makers including Philip Morris U.S.A. and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco said on Tuesday they reached a settlement with 17 states in a dispute over the amount of payments they are required to make under the 1998 anti-smoking agreement.
Take a look at some of Tuesday's midday movers:
<|endofexample|>
JetBlue Unveils Reforms, But Investors Fret Over Service Troubles unveiled what he called the "JetBlue Customer Bill of Rights," basically a sliding scale of reimbursements for delayed flights.
The plan was couched in language that appears to be designed to preempt moves in Washington to create an industry-wide passenger bill of rights.
The reimbursements will apply retroactively to passengers delayed on Feb. 14 or after, according to a JetBlue statement..
Other reimbursements apply for flights that are late departing or otherwise delayed by factors within JetBlue's control..
Passengers and Wall Street analysts were critical of JetBlue, but hopeful the setback would lead to improvement.
"The marketplace is holding JetBlue accountable, and like competitors before them, the pounding will lead to positive change," said Kevin Mitchell, who represents the interests of
corporate travel managers as chairman of the Business Travel Coalition.
Merrill Lynch analyst Michael Linenberg cut his full year 2007 earnings forecast to 40 cents a share from 50 cents, but kept his "neutral" rating on the stock. Analysts are expecting
53 cents, on average, according to Reuters Estimates.
"These things happen in the airline industry," said Linenberg in a note to clients. "At the end of the day, customers will return to JetBlue."
Lawmakers Consider Passenger Rights Bill
In Washington, JetBlue and other carriers still face challenges. Last week Rep. Michael Thompson, a California Democrat, said he planned to introduce a bill that would address delayed flights, time on the tarmac, cancellations, and lost or damaged luggage.
One of Thompson's constituents, Kate Hanni, launched a drive for a passenger bill of rights after she was stranded on an AMR.
<|endofexample|>
Obama to Wall Street: More Oversight Coming
Oversight of the financial system is going to be much more rigorous and will include steps such as higher capital requirements for large institutions, which are so deeply interconnected that the failure of one could bring about a failure of the entire financial system, President Barack Obama told CNBC Monday.
"We want to create some circuit breakers here," Obama said. "What we want to do is position our rules in such a way that you don't end up in a situation where your only choice is either financial meltdown on the one hand, or taxpayers having to engage in these huge bailouts."
Obama stressed that oversight is important to the financial system, despite the returned sense of normalcy that has surfaced lately. He worries, he said, that this normalcy could turn into complacency.
"If Washington does not provide the kind of regulatory oversight that's needed to make sure that we've got transparency, accountablity, clear rules of the road, then ironically what you may end up with is the government being even more meddlesome in the markets than it otherwise would have been."
In addition to speaking on the financial markets, Obama touched on a series of other topics:
- Health Care: The president said that two-thirds of the price tag associated with health care reform will be accounted for by cutting waste out of the system.
- No More Stimulus Funds: The stimulus program was designed to span two years, and he has a "strong inclination" not to create a second plan.
- China Trade Dispute: Obama stressed the importance of countries abiding by trade agreements and said he's confident the China dispute won't lead to a trade war.
- Afghanistan is Not Vietnam: The war against Al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups remains a top priority, but he will monitor the dangers of overreach.
Earlier Monday — the one year anniversary of the Lehman Brothers failure — Obama addressed Wall Street on his plans for financial reform, and how big banks will no longer participate in "reckless behavior." He once again stressed his belief in the free market, saying he has "absolutely no interest in having the government maintaining the levels of intervention that we have right now in the financial markets."
On the issue of health care, Obama said that with expanded coverage, hospitals will be able to lower bills, as they'll no longer have to inflate costs to cover uninsured patients, he said. (See the video at left for the entire interview.)
Obama added that nothing else adds to the deficit as much as the rising cost of health care, and reforming the sector could have an immediate impact on lowering the country's debt.
The president said he will do everything in his power to avoid a second stimulus. He added that his administration developed the first plan to span two years because it knew the consumer would continue to be pinched, and he pointed to the positive signs that a recovery is close.
"Most folks believe that we've now turned the corner where we might actually start seeing some economic growth," he said. "We are focused on [the question of] how do we create jobs in this environment without adding to the deficit."
On the recent trade dispute with China, Obama said he still believes in trade agrements, but he also believes in enforcing the rules in these agreements.
While Obama said he wasn't surprised that China was upset, he said the two countries continue to have a strong relationship, and that he's confident that this misstep won't lead to a trade war.
As for the war in Afghanistan, Obama said it's still one of his primary goals to dismantle Al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups that pose a threat to the US. Despite the war's unpopularity with many Americans, he said it's not fair to compare the situation to Vietnam.
"You have to learn lessons from history. On the other hand, each historical moment is different," he said. "The dangers of overreach and not having clear goals and not having strong support from the American people — those are all issues that I think about all the time."
<|endofexample|>
Austerity Fueling Youth Unemployment: Labor Organization
Digital News Editor
Government spending cuts in developed countries are hurting job creation and exacerbating global youth unemployment, which remains close to the peak hit during the 2009 crisis, the International Labor Organization said on Tuesday.
The ILO warned that countries will have to step up measures aimed at first-time jobseekers to tackle the issue successfully.
“The austerity measures currently implemented in a wide range of developed economies bode ill for a quick recovery of youth labor markets,” the organization said in its “Global Employment Trends for Youth 2012” report.
“Macroeconomic and fiscal policies should include or enhance measures that support employment generation, bring about a sustained job recovery and finance the necessary investments in youth employment promotion,” it added.
The ILO expects youth unemployment to remain virtually unchanged in 2012 at 12.7 percent, compared to 12.6 percent in 2011.
“The global youth unemployment rate remains at least a full percentage point above its level in 2007,” the ILO said.
“Nearly 75 million youth are unemployed around the world, an increase of more than 4 million since 2007.”
Youth unemployment is “particularly pronounced” in the crisis-stricken European Union, the ILO said. Spain and Greece have recorded unemployment levels of over 50 percent among under those under 25.
Anti-austerity voices in Europe have grown stronger in recent months, and the recent election of a new French President who wants to rein in Germany’s desire for austerity policies has added another influential voice.
Developed economies, including the European Union have been hit hardest by the crisis and its aftermath, with youth unemployment up by 26.5 percent between 2008 and 2011, according to the ILO.
The 4.7 percentage point rise in the region’s unemployment rate was the largest in any region around the world.
<|endofexample|>
The rule of the thumb is 10 - 25 x the rated the voltage.
As for te amps, it depends on the drivers. It's 3(motors) x the rated amps normaly but if the driver is based on a chopper (sort of current limiting) then it's 0.7 x 3 x 1.4 .
What drivers are you using ?
<|endofexample|>
The new PCs specially designed by women for women.… Read more
<|endofexample|>
—
Two common emergency situations that pet owners should be equipped," said Stickney. ," said Stickney.
The first thing to do if your pet has been injured and is bleeding is to put pressure on the area to slow blood flow. Wounded pets may bite from pain, fear, or confusion so it is good to have a muzzle to use in this type of situation.
"Your pet might be your best friend, but when dogs are hurt they may not remember that," said Stickney. "If you have a big dog, I would also recommend that you have a dog stretcher. They make it much easier to move large injured animals."
Less severe accidents such as minor cuts and scrapes are common and can be handled much like you would treat yourself.
"Make sure that the cut is as clean as possible," said Stickney. "I would not recommend putting antibiotic cream anywhere your pet can lick it off as this just causes more germs to get in the wound. If the cut is on an area they can't lick than something like Neosporin will be fine. Elizabethan collars are useful for preventing a pet from gaining access to an injury."
---
Pet Talk is a service of the College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences, Texas A&M University.
<|endofexample|>
![endif]-->
(CNN) --."
Previous.
"Even though we don't have the gradient or the dose they'd taken, we found the relationship to age," McGrath said. "What we think it suggests is that the adolescent brain is more vulnerable to drug abuse. Now, other studies have shown the more you smoke, the more regularly you use cannabis, the risk goes up."
McGrath likened marijuana risks to the dangers of tobacco smoking, and the decades and many studies it took for health officials to acknowledge the correlation between lung cancer and tobacco.
"From a public-health perspective, we need to educate young people that they might think cannabis is a safe drug to use, but the evidence shows it's not quite as safe as we thought."
CNN's Matt Cherry and Richard Benson contributed to this report.
<|endofexample|>
(..
CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom and Josh Levs contributed to this report.
<|endofexample|>
(CNN) -- A Japanese carrier has revealed that it replaced faulty batteries on its Boeing 787 Dreamliner fleet last year, as aviation authorities worldwide continue to ground the aircraft amid safety concerns over the devices.
In an interview with the New York Times, All Nippon Airways (ANA) said the aircraft's main battery failed to start normally on three occasions and had to be replaced along with the charger. In other cases, one battery showed an error reading and another, used to start the auxiliary power unit, failed. All the events occurred from May to December of last year, the report said.
Megumi Tezuka, spokeswoman for ANA, told CNN Wednesday that 10 lithium ion batteries on its 787s were replaced in 2012, with a low charge being reported on some of the devices on board the aircraft.
READ: 'No big problems' with battery maker
However, she said the problems were discovered during maintenance and therefore categorized as minor troubles. She added the airline was not required to report the faults to regulators.
The news comes as an inspection of the Japanese company that makes the batteries found no serious problem with the devices. U.S. and Japanese officials carried out a joint inspection at the facility in the city of Kyoto where GS Yuasa makes the batteries.
While investigators found several issues in quality control at the company, they did across the globe quickly followed suit.
What's wrong with the Dreamliner?..
How Boeing can bounce back from Dreamliner problems
CNN's Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report.
<|endofexample|>
(CNN) --.
Banega had put sixth-placed Valencia ahead in the 33rd minute after a failed clearance by Gerard Pique.
Roura paid tribute to goalkeeper Victor Valdes, who has been in fine form despite announcing he will not be extending his contract at the Camp Nou -- in particular denying Roberto Soldado a goal at the end.
"He's the best keeper for us. This Sunday he showed that he's at a fantastic level and he denied Valencia the winning goal. While he's with us, he'll help us," Roura said.
Barca could also have snatched a victory, but David Villa missed a golden opportunity to mark his 100th first-team appearance after coming on as a substitute.
Fourth-placed Malaga spurned the chance to close the gap on Real after drawing 1-1 with Real Zaragoza, but Betis stayed a point behind in fifth after Diego Costa's 61st-minute winner for Atletico.
Read: Napoli win keeps pressure on Juve
In Italy, Juventus moved three points clear at the top of Serie A with a 2-1 win at Chievo but the big story of the day was Balotelli's controversial debut for AC Milan.
The former Manchester City striker put his side 1-0 up with a left-foot volley after 25 minutes against Udinese, who leveled through Giampiero Pinzi.
However, Balotelli had the final say with a trademark penalty in the fourth minute of time added on after Stephan El Shaarawy went down under what looked like a fair tackle from Thomas Heurtaux.
It lifted Milan to fourth in the table on goal difference above city rivals Internazionale.
Balotelli's former club crashed to a 3-1 defeat at Siera, while third-placed Lazio lost 3-2 at Genoa.
In Germany, two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund moved above Bayer Leverkusen into second place after winning their clash 3-2.
Dortmund led 2-0 in side 10 minutes but the home side leveled with two goals in four second-half minutes from midfielder Stefan Reinartz before Poland striker Robert Lewandowski struck the winner from close range just 60 seconds later.
Dortmund could afford to miss a penalty by Poland midfielder Jakub Blaszczykowski, who had scored in the first half, but trail Bayern Munich by 12 points with 14 games to play.
Seventh-placed Borussia Monchengladbach's European hopes suffered a blow with a 2-1 defeat by fifth-from-bottom Nuremberg.
<|endofexample|>
(CNN) -- For years, chocolate, jewelry and flowers have been Valentine's Day staples. However, many consumers are now giving gifts that not only say I love you, but also help those in need.
Recently, the concept of giving back through consuming gained traction with TOMS shoes, the company that makes the popular slip-on shoes and donates a pair to a child in need for every pair sold. TOMS seemed to open the door for other socially conscious brands, ones that make a difference through product sales.
Now, many entrepreneurs are opening businesses and nonprofit organizations that produce socially conscious goods. From backpacks that provide an education to jewelry that empowers women to crocheted goods that help people rise out of poverty, here are three socially conscious companies that are trying to change the world with their products.
Buy a backpack, fund an education in Tanzania
Matthew Clough traveled to Tanzania to climb Mount Kilimanjaro in 2008.
"I always had this dream of climbing each continent's highest summit. One of my buddies called me and asked if I wanted to climb Kilimanjaro, the highest peak in Africa. It was my first opportunity to check one of those seven summits off the list," says Clough.
Little did he know, reaching the peak would inspire him to pursue an even loftier goal.
Clough realized that his success on the mountain would have been impossible without the help of the porters who carried his extra gear, prepared his meals and ultimately guided him to the summit. As Clough descended the mountain, he discovered that his porters made less than a dollar a day -- an amount he later learned was not nearly enough to put a child in Tanzania through school.
After returning to the United States, Clough made it his mission to provide education opportunities for underserved communities. He started stone + cloth, a backpack company that donates part of its profits to support children's education in Tanzania.
"I decided to make backpacks to create a symbol linking my mountaineering trip with education. I kept thinking about how I used a backpack for school as a kid and wanted to create a tool for people to use to spread the word about educating those in need."
All stone + cloth backpacks are made in Los Angeles, with $10 from every backpack purchased going directly to its partner in Tanzania, the Knock Foundation.
Together with the Knock Foundation, stone + cloth supports education programs, including tuition assistance, school meals, and school supplies -- the learning essentials.
"By purchasing a backpack our customers carry an education," says Clough.
Beads of hope help women in Uganda
Kallie Dovel traveled to Uganda in the summer of 2007 to volunteer. She began working with women at an after-school program and quickly learned about the hardships they faced after years of conflict in the region. While getting to know the women, Dovel was introduced to jewelry they made from paper beads.
"They showed me this beautiful product but told me they weren't able to sell it. In Uganda [the jewelry made from paper beads] is looked down on," says Dovel.
The women at the school taught Dovel how to make the paper beads and asked her to sell the jewelry for them in the United States. Dovel agreed to purchase a box from them and try to sell some pieces when she got back home.
The jewelry sold quickly and inspired Dovel to team up with her friends Jessie Simonson, Anna Nelson, Brooke Hodges and Alli Swanson to create the company 31 Bits. In August of 2008, the five traveled to Uganda and started purchasing jewelry from six women, promising to employ them for at least two years. Dovel stayed in Uganda in order to oversee operations while Simonson, Nelson, Hodges and Swanson traveled back to the States to spread brand awareness. Through its success, 31 Bits has been able to hire more women and launch programs for its Ugandan employees that include English lessons, health education, and business development programs.
More than 100 Ugandan women now participate in 31 Bits programs, and the company reports it has raised more than $500,000 for women it employs through product sales. Programs provide participants the skills they need to support their families and communities, allowing the company "to empower women to be self-sufficient."
Crocheting empowers women in Uganda, Peru
Stewart Ramsey was inspired to create the nonprofit organization Krochet Kids International after traveling to Uganda in the summer of 2006. Ramsey met a group of refugees who for 20 years had depended on government and aid organizations for food and protection as a result of war.
When Ramsey returned, he brought with him a message that he passed on to his two childhood friends. The refugees he met were tired of handouts. They wanted to have jobs and provide for themselves. Ramsey's friends took this message to heart and the three decided to act.
Together, Ramsey, Kohl Crecelius and Travis Hartanov set out to provide the tools, knowledge and opportunities needed to enable Ugandan refugees to better their circumstances; but first they had to figure out how.
Years earlier, while still in high school, the three had made extra money crocheting hats. "[We] sold them to friends of ours who were skiers and snowboarders in the Northwest. And it was the one thing we knew that we could [teach] people and even provide a job for in the process," Crecelius explains.
The group traveled to Uganda in 2007 and taught 10 women to crochet. Ramsey, Crecelius and Hartanov sold the hats in the United States, providing income for the women they employed. The company's success has allowed for expansion of programs into Peru; they currently employ more than 150 women in the two countries. More than 250,000 hats have been sold, with each one personally signed by its creator. As a nonprofit, Krochet Kids International has been able to raise $5 million, which has gone to teaching and empowering the women in its programs and allowing them to rise above poverty.
Stone + cloth, 31 Bits, and Krochet Kids International provide three different ways consumers can show their love for that special someone while making the world a better place. By informing themselves about companies' social policies and programs, consumers can channel their purchasing power to make an impact.
<|endofexample|>
LUXEMBOURG and DONGYING, China, July 8, 2011 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- CNPV Solar Power SA, a public limited liability company organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and a leading integrated manufacturer of solar photovoltaic products, today demonstrated additional details to the world's first true linear power warranty that they launched at Intersolar Munich on June 8th 2011.
Guaranteeing 7% more power than a "traditional power warranty", CNPV's new approach is a significant step in supporting the customer's need for increased financial security. The assurance specifically creates a definitive linear continuous underwriting of the power curve with provision for the module output to change by no more than 0.67% per year, after the first year of installation.
Power outputs from solar PV modules are normally warranted to maintain a minimum value with respect to time. The industry standard is a "two step" approach with trigger points at 10-12 years and 25 years. The net effect for the customer is two instances over 25 years that they can review the power output of 90% and 80% respectively and make a claim for compensation should the module be underperforming. The average power cover over the 25 year period is 84% of original power output of the module.
Mr. Zhang Shunfu, CNPV's CEO and Mr B. Veerraju Chaudary, CNPV's COO and CTO explained further; "Our customers need this. We now provide it. Our strategy has always been to develop the facets of our offering to provide true and tangible value. We believe this is another example of our actions supporting our policy to deliver. This guarantee is possible due to our capability performance, based on bona fide data and knowledge; it makes commercial sense for our partners and ourselves to continue to differentiate the CNPV Total Solutions from our competitors. Our 90% power warranty on the 'two step' model was already at the leading edge of what was available with a 12 year trigger point; this is still maintained within the new undertaking. The new linear warranty, in conjunction with our 10 year manufacturing warranty launched one year ago, provides customers with even greater security on their investment, leading to improved financial terms from financiers, and further penetration into their already successful markets."
As one European Solar Insurance expert expanded, "Brave? Not really. Their figures and logic are solid, and in my opinion a great development for both the solar industry and the customers. It sets a new 'bar' for all to achieve." (Name withheld for commercial confidentiality).
Specific details regarding the World's First True Linear Warranty can be obtained directly from CNPV and their Strategic Partners. Available on deliveries from Q3 of 2011, ensure you have the full facts before placing your next order. For additional clarity, the new warranty terms are improvements on the existing assurance, with no downgrading of fine detail to allow risk reduction and absolute figures for consideration.
<|endofexample|>
Dear . Join CNU at Sustainable
Communities 2008, Sept. 26 in San Francisco
As top politicians call for more drilling and the Congress contemplates drawing
down the national oil reserve, we thought you might appreciate a more substantive
discussion on how to pull America away from its dependence on oil. Join us
at Sustainable Communities 2008 for a discussion on how to transform our cities
and towns into walkable, transit-supported neighborhoods.
Sustainable Communities 2008 will bring together leading innovators Sim Van
der Ryn, Paul Hawken, Peter Calthorpe, Stewart Brand, Jerry Brown, Jacky Grimshaw,
Judy Corbett and Peter Schwartz at the Westin St. Francis in San Francisco
on September 26, 2008, for a rare one-day seminar on the past and future of
sustainable communities.
The incredible group of people featured at Sustainable Communities 2008 introduced
and advanced many of the innovations that formed the backbone of the green
building and sustainability movements beginning in the 1970s. They helped show
that environmentalism must extend beyond quick technological or temporary fixes
to encompass a comprehensive vision for human habitats -- sustainable cities
and towns.
Now it's becoming clear again that our future depends on designing communities
that help us overcome fossil fuel dependency and limit our global environmental
impact. And it's becoming just as clear that California can lead the nation
if it gets passage of SB375 legislation, implementation of AB32 and other key
measures right. Participants in Sustainable Communities 2008 are the ultimate
guides to the transformation we must make to move forward and thrive. Join
them for this event's lectures and important interactive afternoon session
devoted to the future of sustainable communities and the government policies
that will support them.
A special conference luncheon, included in the full registration or available
by separate ticket, will honor Sim Van der Ryn -- described by the New
York Times as "the intrepid pioneer of the eco-frontier" -- with a CNU
Athena Award, which is given to design and development leaders who laid the
foundation for the current rediscovery of urbanism and community sustainability.
Visit the website at cnu.org/sustainablecommunities08 and
register today to take advantage of the early registration member discount.
[top]
2. Registration Now Open for
CNU's Transportation Summit, November 6-8 in Charlotte, N.C.
Registration is now open for CNU's annual Transportation Summit, November
6-8 in Charlotte, N.C.
The Summit is an opportunity for CNU's interdisciplinary coalition of
architects, engineers, planners, elected officials, and community activists
to work together and advance the practice of preserving, building, and redeveloping
sustainable pedestrian-friendly communities as alternatives to sprawl.
The Summit will feature a combination of lectures and tours of Charlotte,
including an overview from Andrés Duany on the first day, and small group work
focusing on network and places, modes, metrics, and emergency responders
on the second and third days. The draft
agenda (PDF) is now online. Early registration ends October 15.
For further information on the Transportation Summit's program, and for hotel
and travel details, visit.
3. CNU Announces Eighth Chapter:
CNU Central Texas
CNU is excited to announce its eighth local chapter, CNU Central Texas (Austin/San
Antonio). The chapter will provide a local organization for new urbanists in
Central Texas for education, outreach, and to organize around local issues.
CNU members are encouraged to join the Central Texas Chapter online at.
Learn more about other CNU Chapters at.
4. CNU Partners with Next
American City, Metropolis, Places: Forum
of Design for the Public Realm,
and Journal of Urbanism to Offer Members Subscription Discounts
CNU is excited to offer a new benefit of membership providing
discounted subscription rates for top magazines and journals covering
the built environment. We've partnered with Next American City, Metropolis, Places:
Forum of Design for the Public Realm, and Journal of Urbanism to
help promote quality news and information about urban innovation. Read more
below about these respected publications and the special offers for CNU members.
Next American City
Next American City is a national quarterly magazine about making
cities better. It observes, documents and conceives realistic solutions about
how to improve cities—how to ensure that future generations' lives are
improved, and not made more dangerous or unnecessarily complicated by the decisions
we make. In each issue of the magazine you'll find investigative features,
thoughtful essays and interviews from the front lines of urban change and innovation.
Pick up Issue 20 today to read about the woes of Amtrak, the alternative reality
of Second Life and the philharmonic sounds of the youth in Milwaukee!
Next American City is proud to offer CNU members
a discounted $20 subscription rate (reg. $29).
Metropolis
Metropolis has covered the designed environment for 26 years—from
architecture to interior design, products to wayfinding, landscape design to
urban planning—for an audience of design professionals. Its coverage ranges
from conception to realization, from sketches to managing the building. Metropolis sees
good design as a collaborative process that results in designs that are sustainable—kind
to people and the environment—yet efficient and cost-effective.
Metropolis offers CNU members a
discounted $25.95 print subscription rate in the U.S. (reg. $32.95). Intl.
and digital discounts also available.
Places: Forum of Design for the Public Realm
Places: Forum of
Design for the
Public Realm focuses on issues affecting the
design of
neighborhoods, streets, and other public spaces that
sustain our
sense of community as well as our civic and social
lives. Places articles are written by a diverse group of
prominent designers,
scholars and critics. The publication is renowned for
clear writing, handsome graphics, and critical
investigation of the issues that shape the built
environment. Every issue contains thought-provoking
debate about significant sites and works of design,
book and conference reviews, profiles of grassroots
and public projects, portfolios of photos and
drawings.
Widely read by scholars, students, and
practitioners in the fields of architecture, planning,
design, government and more, Places is
pleased to offer CNU members a discounted rate of $30 for a one
year subscription (reg. $50), which means
that CNU members receive over one free issue each
year.
Journal of Urbanism
The Journal of Urbanism is a multi-disciplinary journal that focuses on
human settlement and its relation to the idea of sustainability, social
justice and cultural understanding. The content focuses on Urban
Regeneration, New Urbanism, European Urbanism, Landscape Urbanism, Urban
Sustainability, Smart Growth, Livable Communities, Transit-Orientated
Development, Walkable Communities and more. It highlights research on
the various concepts, methods and theories on creating an attitude of
sustainability toward urban form.
Routledge is pleased to be able to offer CNU members a special print
subscription to the Journal of Urbanism for
$45 (reg. $74)..
6. Web Hub Provides One-Stop
Guide to Recovery Issues and Efforts in Coastal Mississippi
Knight Foundation, Sun-Herald and CNU partner to support 3rd-anniversary
updates to Mississippirenewal.com.
[Read full story...]
7. What's New @ CNU.org
Here's a sample of what's happening at CNU.org:.
8. 8th Annual New Partners
for Smart Growth Conference: Building Safe, Healthy and Livable Communities,
January 22-24, Albuquerque, NM, but the main program
will kick-off on Thursday morning, January 22!
9. WEIMARPOLIS Call for Articles
WEIMARPOLIS, a new online journal
dedicated to urban theory and practice, invites you to
participate in its first edition by submitting an article.
WEIMARPOLIS defines itself as a scientific and open-access platform; its overarching
programmatic approach is connected to the analytical and explanatory discourse
in the tension-field of society and space; as well as to controversies and
debates on the future of the urban in its
historical, cultural, social and artistic dimensions. WEIMARPOLIS is an offer
to face a chronically
uncertain field of research in a multi-disciplinary manner. WEIMARPOLIS is
a project of the Alumni
Association, Alumni and Friends of European Urban Studies at the Bauhaus-University
Weimar.
The Association is an independent, non-profit and self-governing body which
aims at enhancing
research and debate in the field of urbanism.
For more information about WEIMARPOLIS, its editorial board and editors, as
well as on
guidelines for authors, visit.
The deadline for notice of intention to submit is Sept.
15..
11.:
12..
<|endofexample|>
Bringing the soul of African through the pulsating sounds of the motherland to South Florida for the 2nd Annual Rhythms of Africa: Music Around the World – a free concert slated for the Parker Playhouse in Fort Lauderdale on October 15 at 2 p.m. and 7 p.m.
The concert, under the direction of Willie Stewart, who played percussion for 23 years with the legendary band – Third World, will describe the movement of ancient rhythms sprung from the souls of vibrant cultures and carried from Africa to the Caribbean, South America and the New World. This theatrical, inspirational and educational production will unite the entire community in a stirring celebration of music.
Presented by Willie Stewart's Embrace Music Foundation, this musical odyssey features at-risk youth from Lauderdale Lakes Educational Complex's Smart School Charter Middle and Eagle Charter Academy who find inspiration and confidence working alongside more than a dozen professional musicians.
Willie believes in sharing the power of the Arts with children, which allows them to discover who they are and how they impact the world in which they live.
Charlie Sheen Roasted!
The embattled former Two and a Half Men star was the butt of all the jokes in a Roast of Charlie Sheen on Comedy Central. Stars from Private Practice's Kate Walsh to former heavy weight champ Mike Tyson delivered a thrashing to Sheen, who sat tight and listened as they took their best shots. Most of what they said cannot be repeated in this forum, but here's a line of what Kate Walsh had to say: "Despite all those years of abusing your lungs, your kidneys, your liver, the only thing you've had removed is your kids." The roast took place the same night as the season premier of Two and a Half Men with new star Ashton Kutcher. Sheen's Roast was the most-watched show in franchise history, drawing 6.4 million total viewers and delivering a 4.5 rating in the adults 18-49 demographic. Looks like Charlie Sheen has won!
Got 2 luv Sean Paul!
You've got to love Sean Paul and his catchy tunes that might not hit the spot in his homeland, but get him worldwide props. Got 2 Luv U, his latest tune featuring Alexis Jordan which debuted in June, now has some sweet visuals. Sean Paul with his mohawk in all its glory, sings to a sexy girl who dances seductively in front of him in a hotel room. Sean Paul says he chose Jordon since, "I was looking for a girl to sing the hook that was not very fully known by everybody." He said, "I have been following her; she's big in Europe and Australia so when the option presented itself I was like, 'Oh yeah, amazing!' I've never really met her. She's about to be a lot bigger in the States. I think the music she's doing in the States is about to translate well."
U.S. fans should thank Uncle Sam for re-issuing the visas of dancehall artistes Mavado and Beenie Man who both took New York by storm early this month. The two were among the many Jamaican artistes whose visas were revoked by the U.S. Embassy during last year's Christopher "Dudus" Coke extradition debacle.
Mavado, in one of his first performances in the U.S. since getting back his visa, thrilled fans at the Roy Wilkins Park in Queens, New York for the Reggae Rhythm and Blues Festival recently.
Beenie Man, who had not yet gotten his work permit, could not perform, but accepted an award from the event organizers. The audience sang along as clips of the artiste were shown.
U.S. Congresswoman Yvette Clarke told Beenie Man, "You are the woman dem sugar man and we welcome you back to USA!" She said, "You have been an outstanding performer and you have made Jamaicans proud."
As always, a smiling Beenie Man expressed his thanks for the award, but said although he couldn't sing he had a "surprise fi unuh." He then introduced Khago to the stage for an impromptu performance. The audience rocked to songs like Nah Sell Out Mi Fren Dem and Blood A Boil, as Beenie Man showed off his cool moves.
Four Seasons Promotions brings Reggae fun on the Caribbean Sea with the 15th annual Four Seasons Party Cruise.
From Monday, October 31 to Friday, November 4, guests will enjoy a four-day cruise on the Carnival Imagination, which will dock in Ocho Rios, Jamaica, before returning to Miami, Florida.
This year's party cruise is the first exclusively all-Caribbean chartered cruise of its size. The Diaspora can return home in Caribbean style, as Four Seasons Promotions offer a customized sailing experience, complete with Caribbean food, drink and entertainment.
On deck, various reggae legends and DJs will keep guests entertained. Four Seasons has again procured the best acts in Caribbean music for their 15th party cruise. This year's line-up features sensual crooners Wayne Wonder, Richie Stephens and Singing Melody, reggae idols Marcia Griffiths and Luciano, and soca stars Alison Hinds and Oscar B. The Fabulous Five band and Roots Radical band's lead guitarist, Dwight Pickney, will also provide live music.
Keeping true to their sound system roots, Four Seasons also boasts a long roster of great reggae DJs: Miami's own Waggy Tee, DJ Spex from Toronto's Top Sound, King Turbo, hot New Yorkers DJ Carlton and DJ Richie Poo, DJ Roy and DJ Courtney.
<|endofexample|>
Rae Fulkerson is the Vice President of News for CNY Central and is responsible for overseeing the daily news operation of all three stations and CNYCentral.com
SYRACUSE -- It's official, Orange Fans.
This Saturday's basketball game against Georgetown at the Dome has sold out.
According to the Syracuse University Athletics website, 35,012 tickets have been sold to this weekend's game. It will be the last Big East game between the long-time rivals, as Syracuse prepares to join the Atlantic Coast Conference later this year. It will also set a new record for an on-campus college basketball crowd.
According to SU, the game will mark the 72nd time the Dome has welcomed a crowd greater than 30,000 for a Syracuse basketball game. Over 15 of those games have been against the Hoyas. In 2010, 34,616 fans packed the Dome to watch the Orange take on Villanova, in what was a sold out game. Since then, Dome officials say they have been able to find and add seats to make room for more fans.
The game will be the 4pm game featured on CBS. Former Orange basketball star Carmelo Anthony will have his jersey retired during the game.
SU students looking for prime seats to Saturday's game have already started camping out at the Carrier Dome.
Related Links
<|endofexample|>
Onondaga County may soon join a list of other counties from across the state calling for a repeal of the governor's new gun law.
Republican County legislator Kevin Holmquist says the law was passed with more emotion than facts. He plans to introduce the resolution at the next county legislature meeting which is scheduled for March 5.
Should Onondaga County get on board? This was the subject of our Talk Tonight on NBC3 at 5pm.
<|endofexample|>
Laura Hand anchors CNY Central's Weekend Today in Central New York.
Car that caused crash driven by 17 year old, no tickets issued
TOWN OF LERAY -- A two car crash on Route 26 in Le Ray has killed two members of a family.
State Police say a car, being driven by a 17-year old, went out of control and slammed into an oncoming car. The driver of that vehicle, 43 year old Laurie Deshane, was dead at the scene. A back seat passenger, 20 year old Kendra Deshane, died a short time after at Samaritan Medical Center. Two other passengers, 18 year old Krista Deshane and 30 year old Christopher Brundage, have non-life threatening injuries, as does the teen driver of the other car
<|endofexample|>
SYRACUSE --
The Rosamond Gifford Zoo announced the hatching of a female Humboldt penguin chick on Thursday.
Onondaga County Executive Joanne M. Mahoney joined the zoo staff at a news conference introducing the first penguin hatching of the year. She invited first graders from All Saints Elementary and children at the zoo to select the chick’s name from three options from the zoo staff.
Three options were: Elisa, Francisca and Magdelena. The children chose to name the penguin chick Magdelena, which translates to Maggie into English.
The zoo says it selected potential Hispanic names to reflect the penguins’ Latin American origins.
"Our zoo continues to play an important role in conserving this endangered species," said Ted Fox, zoo director. "Penguins from our colony will travel to other zoos and aquariums to ensure that our efforts continue to populate the species."
Humboldt penguins are named after the Humboldt Current, according to the zoo, which is a cold nutrient-rich ocean current that flows along the west coast of South America. They are endangered with only 12,000 to 30,000 remaining in the wild.
There are currently 34 penguins in the colony at the Rosamond Gifford Zoo. There were five hatchings at the zoo last year.
Related Links
<|endofexample|>
Terminal 2 Concourse D
Casa de Fresco – A taste of South Florida, sandwiches, salads, and more.Hours: 4:45 a.m. - 8:30 p.m.
Miami Subs Plus - Featuring Nathan’s Famous Hot Dogs – breakfast, burgers, cheese steaks, hot dogs, subs, salads, and desserts.Hours: 5 a.m. - 7 p.m.
La Cucina Pizza – Pasta, grilled Panini sandwiches, personal pizzas, fruit, wine and cheese Platters.Hours: 10 a.m. - 8:30 p.m.
Cruzan Estate Bar & Lounge - Offering the Famous Cruzan Island frozen drinks and cocktails made with Cruzan Rum, as well as a wide variety of top shelf liquors and wines.Hours: 9 a.m. - 8:30 p.m.
Dunkin Donuts Express - Offering hot coffee, donuts, and coffee cakes.Hours: 5 a.m. - 7 p.m.
<|endofexample|>
- Alumni Giving
- COA's Annual Fund
- COA's Capital Campaign
- Donor Profiles
- Donor Resources
- Endowment
- Give A Gift Online
- Planned Giving
- Special Initiatives
International Student Support
We live in a global village.
Currently 14% of the student body are international students, and COA boasts alumni from 32 different countries in addition to all 50 of our own United States. This diversity of language, culture, belief system, mores and history lends a richness and depth to the living and learning environment of COA.
Continuing recruitment of international students remains a clear commitment of the College. This effort begins with an enormous head start: College of the Atlantic is one of the original pilot institutions for the Davis United World College Program. The Davis UWC program is a major philanthropic force in promoting international understanding. The Davis UWC program is committed to building cross-cultural understanding across their campuses and around the globe in the 21st century. Through the generosity of Shelby and Gale Davis, this remarkable initiative has become the world’s largest privately funded international scholarship program for undergraduate education.
COA has received a lead pledge of $6M to continue this program and would like to endow an additional $2M in support for these remarkable students. Support this effort with a gift to the Annual Fund or by supporting international student scholarship.
Your Gift at Work
"It’s not easy to find a school with a community as caring and kind as that of COA. I am planning to focus on science and health courses because I am interested in pursuing medicine as my future field of career."
Gloria Kahamba | Class of 2011
Gloria is from Tanzania and able to attend COA through the Great Lakes of Africa Scholarship.
<|endofexample|>
Fukk Ewe !
Type: Posts; User: KooKoo Banana Funtime
Fukk Ewe !
the official edited version?
or Thailand sex tours
the most important event that has will occur in our lifetimes surely will be the fight over the diminishing drinking water...
or possibly Courtney's banana pic
she is catwoman !?!?
fukkin.
puke.
forever.
i'm still wishing btw
"do you remember that one Office...."
"do you remember that one Office...."
"do you remember that one Office...."
"do you remember that one Office...."
"do you remember that one Office...."
...
i hope i never see Anne Hathaway or Jack Nicholson on the Oscars telecast ever again.. so there's that
looks like the chicks from The Office
wrong.
Sparks need some closure you fukker !!
the hoochie wants a puff puff
we are wishing for the same thing then
you'll be pleasantly satisfied
where is your fukkin pic square ??
Oxygen
i wonder if marooko has ever punched anything besides some fruit & barcardi in his bathtub
i just got all lucid about pooping out banana chips
No. He's in MGMT
Holy Shit.. they brought THE JOKER BACK !?!?!?
yezzzsrrrrrrr
* giggle *
why did you shave only 1 boob?
come be one with the banana
i thought his name was Ivan
i read the thread title as "Bananable Offense"
LOLLO
LOLLO
LOL
OLOLL
@bananafuntime
ahhhh.. my favorite folksong from the Highlands.. "Not you Scotty-boy"
Pot's new titties
^
most insightful post ever.
because of all the potential overhead?
you trying to use reverse logic to get me on Facebook
nice try monkeeee
i totally agree greg
well what's your girlfriend's digits then?
or should i just hope to run into her somewhere?
<|endofexample|>
Establish.
Pick an app that motivates you. No matter what your fitness interests are, there's an app for you: Pick your pleasure ... yoga, running, weights or cardio, and you can find apps that inspire and motivate you with workout ideas and tips. If you’re also looking to watch your food intake, there are a myriad of apps that can help you keep track of what you’re eating each day.
Freshen up your workout wardrobe. As you refresh your exercise routine, you’ll go through workout gear more quickly than before. Treat yourself by buying yourself some new exercise gear that will benefit your routine and make sure you maintain it. One way to provide amazing freshness for your used active wear is to wash it in Downy Unstopables, an in-wash scent booster. The scent lasts for up to 12 weeks in storage, which makes Downy Unstopables perfect for gym clothes and workout towels as it keeps them fresh no matter when they’re pulled out of storage..
Join an exercise group or find a workout partner. Working out alone in a gym is not for everyone. Exercisers should choose an activity they enjoy doing, that keeps them excited and can be sustained over a long period of time. Additionally, having a support system to motivate you will help you stick with the program and see long-term results – find a group or buddy who has similar goals to you.
With every new obstacle, find alternatives that will bring you closer to attaining your goal. Never give up. It's a new year, and it’s time to get moving.
<|endofexample|>
Fred Pace
Editor
WEST MADISON — It was said over and over again. Scott High School’s Allyson Johnson is not just a great girls’ softball player, but she is a great student, leader and role model in her school and in her community.
“West Liberty is lucky to get Allyson,” said Josh Brumfield, Vice Principal and athletic director at Scott. “Not only is she a great softball player, but she is great student and person as well.”
There is nothing more exciting for a coach than to see one of their players move on to the next level.
“We are so proud of Allyson,” said her assistant coach Rodney Miller. “We have come a long way with a lot of hard work.”
Miller said it all started back in the old A.S.A. league, when Allyson was only 6 years old.
“She won more championship back then than just about anyone,” Miller recalled. “She is a 6-time champion in A.S.A.”
Allyson’s travel ball coach Ronnie Burdette with the West Virginia Wild Ones and his wife, Bev, were in attendance, as well as her Lady Skyhawk teammates, coaches, school officials, family and friends.
“She has the whole package as an athlete,” said Bev Burdette. “But she is also a super, all-around, good kid. We know that she is going to go far in life.”
Madison Middle School vice principal A.B. Brown also spoke about his experience with Allyson.
“We are just so proud of Allyson,” Brown said. “She has worked hard for this and we love her and wish her the best.”
Scott girls’ softball head coach D.A. Harless said the first time he saw Allyson she was only 6 years old.
“He comes this little cotton-top on the field with her catcher’s helmet on sideways, her chest protector and shin guards covering her body and she was dragging along saying, ‘I’m hot…I don’t want to play,’” Harless recalled. “We said, ‘Who is that kid?’ Someone said that is P.J. and Bonnie’s daughter. I didn’t think she was going to make it as a softball player, but boy did she prove us wrong.”
Harless said Allyson is not only a role model to her teammates and other students, but to his own daughter as well.
“My daughter hangs out with Allyson a lot and she even acts like her a lot on and off the field,” he said. “I am so proud of Allyson. The hard work she has put in since she was a little girl has paid off. I feel like she looks at me as a part of her family and I do her as well.”
Harless said Allyson’s parents deserve so much credit for their daughter’s success on and off the field.
“I want to thank everyone that came today,” Allyson’s mother Bonnie Johnson said. “You don’t know how special all of you are to us. We would not be here without all of you. We are a softball family and we love all of you.”
Bonnie Johnson said just within the last few months she has noticed her daughter becoming an adult.
“I love her dearly and I wish her all the happiness in the world, while making all of her dreams come true,” she said.
Then, in a very emotional moment, Allyson’s mother spoke of a belt her daughter was wearing and a prayer cloth her daughter was carrying at the ceremony.
“She is wearing the belt her late-grandfather Joe Johnson got from Mexico and she also has a prayer cloth that my late mother gave her long ago,” Bonnie Johnson said. “She keeps this prayer cloth with her most of the time and we always remember that every day is special. So don’t let a day go by without telling the people you love that you care about them, because one day they may not be here.”
After that, a tearful father tried to speak about his daughter.
“There is not a lot I can say after that,” P.J. Johnson, Allyson’s father, said. “It’s been a great ride.”
Bonnie Johnson said through her daughter, she and her husband have been able to travel to places they otherwise would not have been.
“It’s so wonderful to make so many new friends and go so many places,” she said.
Bonnie Johnson also told a story of Allyson’s other grandmother running into a woman that knew Allyson.
“She said when they were talking about the girl that plays for the Scott girls’ softball team the woman said, ‘Are you talking about Pig?’”
Pig is Allyson’s nickname, and many around the state that know about Scott High’s star softball player don’t know her real name.
“They just know her by the name Pig,” her mother said with a laugh. “We think that’s really funny.”
Allyson said when she was about 7 years old, her paw-paw came to see her pitch at an A.S.A. League game.
“It was the first game he had come to and at the end he said, ‘That’ll do, that’ll do little pig,’ from the movie ‘Babe,’” Allyson recalled. “My dad thought it was funny and the nickname stuck.”
Allyson said she began softball as a catcher, then a pitcher, then played centerfield before moving to shortstop where she has played most of her high school career.
Her high school and travel career stats show her to be a great hitter. Last year, her batting average was .500 with an on base percentage of .672. She hit 16 doubles, 3 triples, 4 homeruns and drove in 28.
In 2011, she was named 1st team All Cardinal Conference and All Academic team, All State Honorable Mention and awarded the high school team’s captain.
In 2012, she was again named All State Honorable Mention and 1st team All Cardinal Conference and All Academic team and she didn’t strike out in the entire season.
Allyson will be on the field this spring for her senior year and she has high expectations.
“I think we are going to do everything that we want, which is going to the state championship game and winning it,” she said.
Allyson has a maturity level not seen in many high school teens today.
“I don’t do any illegal things or party or stuff my mom and dad would not be proud of,” she said. “I know that my teammates and friends look to me as a role model and leader and that is something I don’t take lightly. I want to be a good example for them and help them in any way I can.”
Allyson was also recruited by West Virginia State, Fairmont, Radford U in Va., and Glenville.
“I picked West Liberty because it seem very family-oriented,” she said. “I wanted to go somewhere that I was really, really wanted and they made me feel that way.”
Allyson said she will be majoring in criminal justice/pre-law.
“I am either going to become a lawyer, or I am going to try to become a detective and move into the U.S. Secret Service one day,” she said.
After Allyson thanked everyone for attending the ceremony and finished speaking, her assistant coach Rodney Miller kissed her on the head and said, “That’ll do, that’ll do little pig.”
<|endofexample|>
Unexpected Shower: This photo was taken in March, 2002 as a big wave broke with the west facing side of the lighthouse sheathed in ice and a lot of ice hanging from the catwalk.
This image also took first place in the 2002 Lighthouse Digest photo contest in the Storm Swept Lighthouse category.
All images are Copyrighted by Gary Martin, 1996-2004. No images can be downloaded or used for any purpose without premission in writing from the copyright holder.
<|endofexample|>
David Weatherly
Biography:
David Weatherly is a paranormal investigator and author.: Darkness Radio, Project White Paper, Haunted South and Paranormal Live. He is a writer for Intrepid Magazine and is the author of "The Black Eyed Children."
Past Shows:
Black Eyed Children & Open Lines
In the first half of the program, George Noory was joined by paranormal investigator David Weatherly, who talked about his fascinating work on the Black Eyed Children phenomenon. Open Lines followed. ... More »Host: George Noory
<|endofexample|>
It also feels good to do some writing. Nice to recap a long week. Long, I tell you. The sickness has been very slow to depart. Truth be told, none of us are back to our normal selves quite yet. I went to the doctor again this week only to find out my ear infection had moved into a sinus infection. Another dose of antibiotics and I'm feeling nearly tip top shape. Sickness, parenting, and general life-living don't agree well with me...at least not when occurring all at the same time.
I have had a lot of thoughts brewing in my head lately. Thoughts regarding my love for chocolate, my approaching 30th birthday, social justice, and the love of my new haircut. Yeah. So rest assured, though I lay quiet on the blog for 8 days, I haven't stopped thinking and processing. It just so happens that thinking on these topics doesn't always equate into me sitting down and working them out on the computer. Hopefully you'll see these posts soon. They are, after all, nearly half-written in my mind already.
First off there is the speech explosion. She's experimenting with sounds, words, and sentences. Two-word sentences like: Hi, Mom. Bye, Dad. Hello, shoes. And a kiss and hug for each of these things. She's outrageously affectionate...towards family, friends, complete strangers, and inanimate objects. The other day she blew a kiss to a puddle that had collected after recent rainfall. Yes, she teaches me a thing or two about love and life. I'm grateful for the lessons.
I'm headed on the road tomorrow to visit my parents for a week and spend time with my soon-to-be-bride sister. I'll be taking the laptop in the hopes that I can work out some of those previously mentioned thoughts floating around in my head. Until then, I'm going to turn off the computer, drink some more tea, and enjoy the rest of the weekend.
<|endofexample|>
Check out our Calendar Page to see the many delicious events Cobblestone will be hosting.
Get out of the house and enjoy the spring weather at Cobblestone!
*** As of 1/28/2013 we will be CLOSED on Mondays ***
Some of life’s best moments are attached to memorable meals. A bouquet of aromas reminds us of home, love, and laughter. Tastes can transport us to another time and place, or make us stop and savor the one we are in.
At Cobblestone Bakery & Bistro we strive to bring you our favorite food memories to life while creating new ones with you.
<|endofexample|>
Ingredients:
1 egg
1 tablespoon water
8 oz lump blue crab
4 oz reduced fat cream cheese, softened
4 green onions, chopped
1/4 cup finely shredded smoked Gouda cheese
2 tablespoons reduced fat sour cream
2 teaspoons Old Bay seafood seasoning
1/8 teaspoon celery seed
1 sheet puff pastry Sheets, thawed
juice and zest of one lemon
Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl. Stir the crabmeat, cream cheese, onions, Gouda cheese, sour cream, seafood seasoning, celery seed and lemon zest in a medium bowl. Unfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Spread the crab mixture on the pastry to within 1 1/2 inches of the edge. Starting at a short side, roll up like a jelly roll..
This looks so good - of course, I'm partial to anything with lump blue crab! I might have to make something like this for my next get-together (though no promises I'd be sharing with any of my guests!)
Rachel,
This is one I am going to have to try - a lovely addition to a brunch menu!
Wow this looks amazing! I love the crab in this. Will definitely have to try!
But you did do something about it! Shame on Pepperidge Farm and may the food bloggers beware! Love the recipe.
Wow.. this sounds fantastic!!!! I am going to add this to my Easter brunch menu.
Have a great week.
I went to the PF web site and couldn't find your recipe. Maybe I just didn't know where to look. Anyway, this looks like a great recipe and I can’t wait to try it. I will use Dungenes crab since I live on the west coast, but everything else the same for a brunch comming up. Sorry about the "stuff".
Yummm.... It looks so great and I bet it tastes even better. I am stumbling this post :-). Will be following your blog from now on :-)
it definitely credits the recipe to you on their website. i just checked...
Chloe
Yes, they have linked to me now that I contacted them about it and blogged about it. They should have done it from the beginning.
<|endofexample|>
CodeGear Academic Program
CodeGear development tools have a long history of academic use. Many of today’s software developers got their start with tools like Turbo Pascal and Turbo C++. The tradition continues today with our latest development tools for learning Windows, C++, Java, and PHP. CodeGear offers a variety of free entry level products and significant discounts on Professional and Enterprise editions of products for academic use. CodeGear offers additional academic programs in certain regions. Please contact your local sales representative to find out the specific offerings and requirements in your area.
Academic Single Licenses
Academic Volume Licenses
Campus-wide Site License
Customer Profile
Qualifying students, professors or instructors at an accredited education institution using the product for non-commercial classroom use. Contact your local educational reseller for qualifications.
Any accredited Education Institution using one or select CodeGear products for curriculum or curriculum or lab use only
Any accredited Educational Institution using all CodeGear products for curriculum or lab use only
License Type
Named – for non-commercial classroom use only
Concurrent – for non-commercial classroom use only
Campus wide – for non- commercial classroom use only
Required Minimums
None. Single unit purchases.
Minimum purchase required
Contact sales representative for pricing
Products
Professional, Enterprise and Architect editions of CodeGear IDEs including Delphi, C++Builder, JBuilder, and Delphi for PHP
Professional, Enterprise or Architect editions of CodeGear IDEs including Delphi, C++Builder, JBuilder, and Delphi for PHP
Term
Single products with non-expiring licenses
Institution holds license
Varies by program
Up to 90% off the commercial list price of the products
Up to 97% off the commercial list price of the products
Product Fulfillment
Physical boxed product
Electronic delivery of networked license that runs on Borland License Server. Product software delivered electronically or on DVD
CodeGear Academic products are specially priced boxed products with software on CD or DVD, available to qualifying academic customers. They include the full software but the license with the product is limited to academic, non-commercial use. The academic discount is up to 90% off the regular commercial price. You can purchase these products from a CodeGear academic reseller partner. Contact your local CodeGear office for more information.
CodeGear Academic Volume Licenses are intended for classroom or lab use. These licenses are available as networked concurrent licenses managed by CodeGear license server software (no additional charge) which you install on a server at your site to manage the licenses. You can purchase Academic Volume Licenses from your CodeGear office in Americas, Asia/Pacific, or EMEA or purchase from a CodeGear academic reseller partner.
CodeGear Academic Site Licenses can be tailored to include the combination of products you are interested in and a term limit to suit your needs. These licenses are available as networked concurrent licenses managed by CodeGear license server software (no additional charge) which you install on a server at your site to manage the licenses. For more information or to purchase an Academic Site License, contact your CodeGear office in Americas, Asia/Pacific, or EMEA.
<|endofexample|>
Tutorial on programming Connection Points
Latest General COM/DCOM Articles - Page 3
Remote COM registering
Illustrates how to register components on a remote machine !
In-process Servers and DCOMCNFG Utility
In-process Servers and DCOMCNFG Utility
Writing and Reading COM objects using CArchive
Writing and Reading COM objects using CArchive
Implementing Asynchronous Data Transfer for COM Clients
Implementing Asynchronous Data Transfer for COM Clients
Getting a Feel of COM Threading Models
Getting a Feel of COM Threading.
<|endofexample|>
The in.
An interface describes the behavior or capabilities of a class without committing to a particular implementation. It represents a contract between a provider and its users, defining what it's required from each implementer, but only in terms of the services they must provide, no matter how they manage to do it.
In case you are unfamiliar with the concept of interfaces, and when and how to use it to improve your design, the following MSDN article might be of great help. It's addressed to Visual Basic users switching to VB.NET, but it does a very good job at explaining the basic ideas, which apply to any object oriented language anyway., which's go one step at a time.
First, some macros are defined in a header file, which you'll probably want to include in your precompiled headers:
//
// CppInterfaces.h
//
#define Interface class
#define DeclareInterface(name) Interface name { \
public: \
virtual ~name() {}
#define DeclareBasedInterface(name, base) class name : public base { \
public: \
virtual ~name() {}
#define EndInterface };
#define implements public are now able to use interfaces in C++. However, as they aren't directly supported in the language, you are supposed to follow some rules, which can't be automatically enforced at compilation time. After all, all that the compiler can see is the use of plain old multiple inheritance and abstract base classes. Here are the rules you need to follow, along with some recommendations:
CFrameWnd
CWnd
CBitmapButton
CButton
YourDialog
CDialog
class Foo : public BasicFoo
IBar
IOther
IWhatever
virtual
abstract
DeclareBasedInterface()
dynamic_cast
When I posted about the above technique in my recently created blog, one of the readers expressed some concerns in the following terms:

DeclareBasedInterface:
BarType in order to avoid this situation; they ensure every class implementing an interface will also have a virtual destructor.
delete pBar
Foo
Now, if.
EndInterface
Interface
implements
class
public
Foo : public IBar
Foo implements IB:
__interface
pure virtual
static
And they note: “A C++ class or struct could be implemented with these rules, but __interface enforces them.” So, if you are not worried by portability, you could use this extension and have the compiler enforce what needs to be enforced, right? Wrong.
struct, which call delete on themselves when the count reaches zero.
delete
Couldn’t we just use __interface in the DeclareInterface macro definition, so as to have the best of both worlds? Hmm..., read again the definition: “cannot contain constructors, destructors, or operators”. This led me to initially think it wasn't possible, and even to say that while __interface might be useful for COM interfaces, it was neither intended nor suitable for the general purpose interfaces we are discussing here. Fortunately, that's not the end of the story. (i.e.: IBar) twice, first for DeclareInterface(), and then for EndInterface(). This introduces an always undesired redundancy, which made me struggle for a while trying to eliminate, but failed. If anyone finds a way to define the macros so as to avoid requiring the same name twice, please let me know.
DeclareInterface()
EndInterface()
On the other hand, provided you don’t mind sacrificing portability to anything but MS compilers starting from VS7, the new macros have many advantages over their predecessors, simply because every requirement for an interface (only pure virtual methods, no data members, virtual destructor for implementing classes) is now automatically enforced. You don’t even need to explicitly declare interface methods as virtual or pure virtual (“= 0”), although the compiler won’t complain if you do so.
Before closing this article, I’d like to include some links to related resources, which, in order to make it support interfaces without virtual functions. I have no idea whether this proposal was actually presented or considered by the standard committee.
Dr. Dobb's Journal August 1998, includes an article by Fred Wild, Keeping interfaces and implementations separate, which discusses some ways to do so in C++ code.
In the comments after my first submission, user Nemanja Trifunovic pointed me to another alternative for static interfaces, the Boost Interface Library[^].
There's a very interesting interview to Scott Meyers, made by Bill Venners on December 2002, in which they discuss the topic of interfaces in C++.
Last but not the least, the father of C++ Bjarne Stroustrup himself, made interesting comments about interfaces and C++ in an interview by Bill Venners on November
<|endofexample|>
This article describes how the CLR locates and binds assemblies and how to change the default behavior when needed (e.g. in the deployment stage).
Any developer and system administrator who deals with .NET assemblies, especially commercial applications, must be familiar with these topics. This knowledge is the best way to plan for service packs, upgrades and hot fixes as they come along.
The .NET Framework is loaded (almost inflated) with a bunch of terms and features related to assembly deployment, locating and binding.
Here is a short list:
The article is not at the beginner level, readers with basic knowledge in configuration files and assembly structure can also benefit from it right in the first reading.
The CLR – Common Language Runtime – is responsible for the process of locating and binding referenced assemblies. Locating is the process of finding the correct assembly in the hard disk. Binding is the process of loading the assembly in the application address space.
The quest begins when the JIT encounters user defined types that need to be resolved. Then the CLR tries to detect where the type definition is:
This article deals with the third option.
The CLR moves from stage to stage, as described above, in order to determine the exact assembly to load. The reason for this flow is that each stage might override the information in the previous stage. Although, it might look like a cry out redundancy it is really necessary, because of the need to make changes in the deployment files after installation. For example, when installing a Service Pack, the system administrator would like to keep the previous installation up and running. This need requires changes in the locating and the binding process of new assemblies with new versions.
The CLR checks the App.config after the manifest check. In case the referenced assembly version is overridden the App.config setting has the upper hand.
The CLR checks for the publisher policy file after the App.config check. Publisher policy files are deployed as part of an update, hot fix or service pack. A publisher policy file is used when the updated shared/public assembly has a new version (that it is different from the assembly's manifest). The setting in the publisher policy file has the upper hand unless the App.config file sets the safe mode (<PUBLISHERPOLICY apply= "no">).
<PUBLISHERPOLICY apply= "no">
The CLR checks in the machine.config file after the publisher policy file check. The file is shared by all .NET applications on the machine. In case of a version difference, the setting in the Machine.config has the upper hand.
The CLR checks if the assembly is already loaded (due to previous code execution statements). If found the CLR uses it. At first it looks like the fox in Redmond has a design bug - why not checking the assembly in the previous loaded assembly list in the first stage? The reason for that is the need to examine first which version is required.
If not found in stage 2 and the manifest implies that the assembly is strongly named, the CLR checks the GAC. If exists, the GAC has the upper hand.
The prior stages inform the CLR what is the required assembly version. In this stage, the CLR attempts to find and load the assembly.
If the Codebase tag is defined in the application configuration file, the CLR checks only the defined location. If the assembly is not in the given URL, the probing process is terminated.
Codebase
In case there is no Codebase tag in the configuration file or if the attempt to retrieve the file from the URL fails, the CLR starts the Probing process.
Search in the application directory and then in the subdirectories with the assembly name.
[application base] / [assembly name].dll
[application base] / [assembly name] / [assembly name].dll
If the referenced assembly has a culture definition then the CLR checks in the following sub-directories:
[application base] / [culture] / [assembly name].dll
[application base] / [culture] / [assembly name] / [assembly name].dll
The CLR also check in BinPath.
Tip: The CLR terminates the probing process as soon as the reference assembly is found (name search only). In case the assembly is correct - all is well - else the binding fails (Filenotfound exception raised).
Filenotfound
In static loading, the CLR checks for assemblies in the assembly manifest. The list of statically referenced assemblies is entered to the file in the build process. In dynamic loading, the CLR is introduced to the assembly in run time. This feature is wrapped up in the System.Reflection assembly, which exposes methods like Assembly.Load (similar to the LoadLibrary function).
System.Reflection
Assembly.Load
LoadLibrary
Shared assemblies are not deployed in the same directory of the application that uses them. The CLR will not complain if you do, but it is a deployment error to copy the shared assembly in one of the base application's directory and direct others to it. Typically shared assemblies are registered in the GAC or in a share directory (the application that uses them needs to know about).
The main difference between the two is that a strongly named assembly contains a public token. The token uniquely identifies the assembly. It is required for shared assemblies that are installed in the GAC. The reason for that is the slight chance that some developer creates an assembly with the same name, culture and version as one that happens to be installed in the same PC. Another difference (implied from the previous) is that strong name assemblies can be deployed privately and publicly (GAC) whereas weakly named assemblies can only be deployed privately.
Tip: Do not copy the assembly to the GAC folder ([windows main folder]\assembly). The assembly must be registered in the GAC. Use the GacUtil via the .NET command prompt or drag and drop the assembly to the GAC window.
A shared assembly that is copied outside the application base directory must be strongly named but is not required to be installed in the GAC. In this case the shared assembly location must be specified in the configuration file using the Codebase tag. Application suites can create a shared folder and copy the shared assemblies to it.
The following is a list of reasons that helps to decide when to use the GAC instead of a proprietary shared folder:
This is one of the two ways to define an assembly location. The instruction is done in a configuration file. You can specify only subdirectories under the application base directory (see snippet).
This is one of the two ways to define an assembly location. The CLR, first checks the assembly version, then searches for an override CodeBase definition in the configuration file. The version attribute is required, only, for strong named assemblies. For weakly named assemblies the href attribute must be assigned, only, to a subdirectory. This URL can refer to a directory on the user's hard disk or to a Web address. In the case of a Web address, the CLR will automatically download the file and store it in the user's download cache (a subdirectory under <Documents and Settings>\<UserName>\Local Settings\Application Data\Assembly). When referenced in the future, the CLR will load the assembly from this directory rather than access the URL. The CodeBase tag should only be defined in the machine configuration or publisher policy files that also redirect the assembly version (see snippet).
CodeBase
href
This feature enables the binding of a certain assembly to a different file version and it is very useful for service pack installations. Usually the redirect is done to a GAC registered assembly. The GAC allows us to install the same assembly with different versions. The CLR checks the configuration file and redirects the binding accordingly (see snippet).
The DEVPATH is nice feature for the development stage. The feature eases the development life cycle by delaying the decisions in regards to the deployment stage.
DEVPATH
The developer can create a DEVPATH environment variable that points to the build output directory for the assembly. Follow these steps to enjoy this feature:
The CLR searches for the referenced assemblies in the path described in the DEVPATH environment variable.
path
Example: add the following statement above the </CONFIGURATION> tag.
</CONFIGURATION>
</configuration>
<runtime>
<developmentMode developerInstallation="true"/>
</runtime>
</configuration>
The snippets below are related to the following example:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf?8" ?>
<configuration>
<runtime>
<assemblyBinding xmlns="urn:schemas?microsoft?com:asm.v1">
<probing privatePath=" ProductCabinet" />
</assemblyBinding>
</runtime>
</configuration>
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf?8" ?>
<configuration>
<runtime>
<assemblyBinding xmlns="urn:schemas?microsoft?com:asm.v1">
<dependentAssembly>
<codeBase version="1.0.0.0"
href= ":\ MyTest\ProductCabinet ReferencedFile.dll"/>
</dependentAssembly>
</assemblyBinding>
</runtime>
</configuration>
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf?8" ?>
<configuration>
<runtime>
<assemblyBinding xmlns="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:asm.v1">
<dependentAssembly>
<assemblyIdentity name=" ReferencedFile"
publicKeyToken="99ab3ba45e0b54a8"
culture="en-us" />
<bindingRedirect oldVersion="1.0.0.0"
newVersion="2.0.0.0"/>
</dependentAssembly>
<publisherPolicy apply="no">
</assemblyBinding>
</runtime>
</configuration>
"The Assembly Binding Log Viewer displays details for failed assembly binds. This information helps you" (MSDN)
TypeLoadException
Tip: make sure you set the HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Fusion\ForceLog registry value to 1 (the value is a DWORD).
DWORD
NET Framework Configuration allows you to configure assemblies, remoting services, and code access security policy specifics. (MSDN)
The Process of loading and binding .NET assemblies is complex. Nevertheless, it is an important, inevitable, subject to know what it is going on under the scenes. The familiarity with this process is the only good way to start preparing for deployment and to answer some important questions like:
FileNot
<|endofexample|>
StereoLithography(StL) is something that is widely used in CAD/CAM, RapidPrototyping etc. The concept is that any surface or solid is exported to StL format by data exchange packages after they are modeled in commercial CAD packages. This data consists of triangulated facets that approximate the surface of the solid. No topological or geometric information is exported. The surface is subdivided into small triangles. The approximation uses chordal deflection for curved surfaces to smoothen the surface. More the smoothening required, more number of smaller triangles are generated by subdivision resulting in larger size of data file. Now, along with triangles, their facet normals are also generated. The data is written both in ASCII and binary formats. The data in ASCII is written like this:
facet normal 0.000000e+000 -1.000000e+000 0.000000e+000
outer loop
vertex -1.499999e+002 -1.000000e+002 0.000000e+000
vertex -1.500000e+002 -1.000000e+002 0.000000e+000
vertex -1.500000e+002 -1.000000e+002 -5.000000e+001
endloop
endfacet
The facet normal tells the three components of the facet normal followed by three vertices of one triangle, enclosed by the statements.
facet normal
facet normal 0.000000e+000 -1.000000e+000 0.000000e+000
and
endfacet
Thus all the triangles are written one after the other. This data can be then used as input for generating Rapid Prototype models as well as for NC toolpath generation. The Normal data helps to compute tool offsets etc.
Here, for displaying the data in the OpenGL viewer, I have written the code for reading the data and displaying each triangle using glBegin(GL_TRIANGLES) and the normals for lighting. The viewer and geometry coding is same as my earlier project CadSurf. You can read as many StL (ASCII only) files into the viewer zoom, pan, rotate the views, select the objects, change attributes like color and material. The viewer provides object oriented context menus. I.e., when you click the right mouse button in the view with no active selection, you get a context menu for setting the viewer attributes, whereas with StL object selected, you get menu for the object attributes. Some sample StL data is also provided in the Data folder of the project.
glBegin(GL_TRIANGLES)
Please let me know your comments. Thank you.
This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The GNU General Public License (GPLv3)
General News Suggestion Question Bug Answer Joke Rant Admin
Math Primers for Programmers
<|endofexample|>
Food Additive Details
Sodium carboxymethyl cellulose (Cellulose gum) (466)
Search JECFA
Click the above link to search the JECFA database for the specifications of additive(s) with INS No. 466
Sodium carboxymethyl cellulose (Cellulose gum) is a food additive that is included in Table 3, and as such may be used in the following foods under the conditions of good manufacturing practices (GMP) as outlined in the Preamble of the Codex GSFA. Although not listed below, Sodium carboxymethyl cellulose (Cellulose gum) 2013
<|endofexample|>
Sunday, April 29 - 2:30-4 p.m
This new lecture celebrates grantmakers who help "set the agenda" for public consideration and debate. It is named after Paul Ylvisaker, a courageous and often lone voice on issues such as urban affairs, civil rights, community engagement, the environment, and philanthropy.
The 2012 Ylvisaker Public Policy Lecturer is Linda Reed, president and CEO of the Montana Community Foundation, where she is helping residents understand how endowments can help ensure that their hometown continues to be a place where people choose to live, can find work worth doing, and want to raise families.
The lecture is free and open to all conference attendees. No separate registration is required. For additional information, contact Evelyn Gibson, the Council’s awards program director (evelyn.gibson@cof.org or 703-879-0691).
Linda Reed
President and CEO
Montana Community Foundation.
<|endofexample|>
You must login to post a comment or review, please enter you username and password below.
Membership is free, easy, and comes with many benefits, so sign up today! With CoffeeGeek membership, you can post comments and reviews, participate in our forums, and become eligible for our contests and giveaways. It costs nothing, and no one (we me NO ONE) will share our user database. We require membership for one reason, and one reason only: to boost the quality and accuracy of posts, reviews, and voting on this site. Take advantage today and sign up. Please note, all new accounts are under our five-post probationary period, where you cannot endorse, recommend, or promote a business, service or product. This is to prevent shill-account signups and shill postings.
<|endofexample|>
404 - The page you requested cannot be found.
It seems that the page you were trying to reach doesn't exist anymore, or maybe it has just moved. We think the best thing to do is to start again from the home page.
Thanks for your patience, understanding, and help.
<|endofexample|>
< Image 1 of 50 > Print Share 230 N Serenata Dr, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL $795,000 USD 3 bedrooms3 baths View Luxury Property Details   Oceanfront living the way it is supposed to be. Walk out from your lanai to the beach and private pool. Dine and entertain from one of two lanais... Read More ▶ Property Preview Ms Mandy Morrow CONTACT
<|endofexample|>
Home- Faculty Search- Faculty Directory- Jacob Mundy Colgate Directory FACULTY DETAIL < BACK TO RESULTS Jacob MundyAssistant Professor of Peace and Conflict StudiesPeace & Conflict Studies , 222 Alumni Hall p 315 2286182jmundy@colgate.edu Education BA, MA University of Washington 1999, 2004; PhD University of Exeter 2010 Research Interests and Field Experience Interests: Armed conflicts and humanitarian interventions in northern AfricaFieldwork: Libya (Summer 2009), Algeria (October 2007 - June 2009); Morocco, Western Sahara, and Algeria (Summer 2003 and Fall 2005) Refereed Books Western Sahara: War, Nationalism and Conflict Irresolution, coauthor with Stephen Zunes, Syracuse University Press 2010, Second Printing 2011 Refereed Articles "Deconstructing Civil War: Beyond the New Wars Debate," Security Dialogue 42(3), June 2011: 279-295,"Expert Intervention: Knowledge, Violence and Identity during the Algerian massacres," Cambridge Review of International Affairs 23(1), March 2010: 25-47, Special Issue on Scholarship and War: Ethics, Power and Knowledge,"Performing the Nation, Prefiguring the State: The Western Saharan Refugees Thirty Years Later," Journal of Modern African Studies 45(2), June 2007: 275-297, Select Online Articles "Militia politics in Libya's national elections,” Foreign Policy Middle East Channel, 5 July 2012,"It’s official: Syria is a civil war. Or is it?” e-International Relations, 15 June 2012:"Western Sahara’s 48 hours of rage," Middle East Report 40(4), N˚ 257, Winter 2010: 2-5,"Why the UN won’t solve Western Sahara (until it becomes a crisis)," coauthored with Anna Theofilopoulou, Foreign Policy Middle East Channel, 12 August 2010: Speaking and Conferences Invited paper: “It’s a trap! The contested politics and indisputable effects of US counter-terrorism policy in Africa’s Sahara-Sahel,” Humanitarian Dilemmas: Debating Interventions in Africa and the Middle East, Kent State, 5-6 April 2012,: Wars beyond war: an international, interdisciplinary workshop, Colgate University, 30-31 March 2012,: “Just semantics, just politics: Is there a politics of naming civil wars?,” Understanding the Fight for Justice: Alternative Approaches to the Study of Civil Wars (co-chair and co-organizer), American Political Science Association, Seattle, 1-4 September 2011Invited, 25-26 March 2011Invited presentation on Western Sahara: Challenges and Opportunities in the Maghreb Today: A Trans-Atlantic Dialogue, Real Instituto Elcano, Madrid, 12-13 May 2010Paper: "Agents, Structures and Logics of Violence," Algerian Politics and the Politics of ‘Algeria’: Power, Knowledge and Representation, Middle East Studies Association, Boston, USA, 22 November 2009Invited discussant: The Nexus between EU, Civil Society and Conflict in the European neighborhood, Workshop, Istituto Affari Internazionali, Rome, Italy, 19 June 2009Paper: "New wars, new peace? Transitional/transnational justice in the late post-conflict environment," Post-Conflict Environment Project, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, Washington, D.C., 23-24 April 2009Invited talk: "Sovereignty and the International Court of Justice Advisory Opinion on Western Sahara of 16 October 1975," Multilateralism and International Law with Western Sahara as a Case Study, University of Pretoria, South Africa, 4-5 December 2008Chair and organizer: Powers, Politics and Violences: The Legacies of Algeria’s “War on Terror” (sponsored by the American Institute for Maghrib Studies), Middle East Studies Association, Washington, DC, 22-25 November 2008Invited talk: "The Question of Sovereignty in the Western Sahara Conflict," La Cuestión del Sáhara Occidental en El Marco Jurídico Internacional, International Conference of the Jurists for Western Sahara, Las Palmas, Canary Islands, 27-28 June 2008Chair and organizer: States and/of Saharan Studies, Saharan Studies Association panel, African Studies Association, New York, NY, 18-21 October 2007
<|endofexample|>
12 Government Documents That Take UFOs Seriously
Rich the phenomenon being reported is something real and not visionary or fictitious. The reported operating characteristics such as extreme rates of climb, maneuverability (particularly in roll), and action with aluminum. Only 1 object observed. Solar white. No vapour trails or exhaust or visible system of propulsion. Described as traveling at tremendous speed, pilot states object was 300 to 400 feet from plane, and appeared to be 10 to 15 feet in diameter. Pilot states he felt disturbance in the air described as ‘bump’ when object passed under plane. Pilot is considered by associates to be highly reliable and a creditable observer.. Sightings)
Early in the morning – Richard Dolan
8. Wurtsmith Air Force Base, 1975 (Click here for Document pg. 1) (pg. 2) 1000 that point we were low in):
For more officially VERIFIED UFO quotes and interviews from high level personnel (Click Here)
8 comments on “12 Government Documents That Take UFOs Seriously”
Pingback: Collective-Evolution – The UFO Myth #1:UFOs Do Not Exist
Pingback: 12 Government Documents That Take UFOs Seriously
Pingback: 12 GOVERNMENT DOCUMENTS THAT TAKE UFOs SERIOUSLY « The Global Elite
Pingback: Collective-Evolution – UFOs: Why The Cover Up? Why The Disclosure?
Pingback: UFOs: Why The Cover Up? Why The Disclosure? | Pakalert Press
Pingback: UFOs: Why The Cover Up? Why The Disclosure? - SOUL:ASK | SOUL:ASK
Pingback: 12 GOVERNMENT DOCUMENTS THAT TAKE UFOs SERIOUSLY | The Global EliteThe Global Elite
Pingback: UFOs: Why The Cover Up? Why The Disclosure? « 2012thebigpicture
<|endofexample|>
Posted 2 years ago
marcobabe13
(80 items)
No one knows why my husband’s grandfather (right) and his brother were dressed up as cowboys in the first photo. His grandfather did tell my husband how hard times were in England in the early 1900s and that’s why he and his brothers came to America and maybe they were just happy to be here! There’s also a family story about how they first went through immigration. Apparently you needed to show that you had $50.00. One brother showed officials the money, then secretly passed it behind his back to the next brother, etc. The second picture shows the three brothers: Phil, Sam, and Jack. Ya gotta love Uncle Phil’s shoes! Both of these photos are postcards. The last photo is that of Jack’s sons, the older one being my husband’s father, taken around 1922. They don’t look very excited about being on horseback.
<|endofexample|>
Posted 11 months ago
mikielikes…
(186 items)
My mom took me to a arts & crafts fair featuring all varieties and mediums of local and regional artists. I had work for pops all summer and had a nice little chunk of change by his birthday. I had noticed that he was very interested in the artwork from a Native American could live near Tahlequah Okla. so we headed to that booth. Needless to say it didn't take long to realize I couldn't afford his work so sadly we kept walking. I was about to give up when my mom noticed some woodcarvings in a booth near the exit. Even this small boot wasn't cheap, but I explained my situation and the artist was willing to cut me a break. My dad's not big on words and tries to keep his emotions in check, but even Helen Keller could tell he was happy with my present. Funny how you remember those little unspoken moments.
<|endofexample|>
]
4 Activities to Keep You Thinking Over the SummerPosted July 12, 2012 by
While the summer months mostly stir up images of lounging around a pool or taking a vacation to the beach, you shouldn’t let your mind completely space out during the few months you have off of school. Even though you’re not taking classes, you’ve got to actively engage your brain so that you are still [ Read More ]
Staying Healthy in College: Should I Take Protein?Posted July 10, 2012 by
To [ Read More ]
How to Maintain a Work, Life, Grad School BalancePosted July 7, 2012 by
Balancing school and work is no easy task, but it is a reality that many college students, and particularly graduate students, face during their programs of study. Graduate school is already an overwhelming prospect to most pursuing their post-graduate education. Whether focused on the arts, humanities, social sciences, or professional programs, like nursing and business, [ Read More ]
5 Things to Know Before College StartsPosted July 6, 2012 by
When you’re packing and preparing to start your freshman year, there are a thousand thoughts running through your head. Believe me, I’ve been there and know just how stressful it can be. Although my mother was a huge help to me, there were so many things I wish I had knew before setting foot on [ Read More ]
When Is It Time To Let Go of a Friend?Posted June 20, 2012 by
The question posed in this headline is one of the hardest ones you will face throughout your college years. The harsh reality is that sometimes you do need to say goodbye to friendships — and it will hurt and be uncomfortable — but you need to make sure you’re keeping yourself surrounded by people that [ Read More ]
What NOT to Do on a Job InterviewPosted June 19, 2012 by
A recent experience got me thinking about job and internship interviews and all of the advice we’re given along the way as we embark into the real world. While a lot of emphasis is put on what we’re supposed to do/dress like/say, the focus isn’t usually on what you’re NOT supposed to do. Sometimes, even [ Read More ]
Making the Most Out of Your Greek ExperiencePosted June 17, 2012 by
I don’t know about any of you, but I was a HUGE fan of ABC Family’s hit show “Greek” when it was still on the air. The series chronicles the lives of students in the Greek system at a college in Ohio and how they deal with different situations that are synonymous with the collegiate [ Read More ]
Tech Savvy: Building Up Your Twitter AccountPosted June 15, 2012 by
Social. [ Read More ]
<|endofexample|>
9 Free Apps for the Holiday Season!
‘Tis the season to be “Appy”! The holiday season is fast approaching and as you finish last minute shopping and decking the halls we would like to take this opportunity to remind you that technology can play a big role in enhancing the festive season with your family and friends! Do any of you have that relative who sits in the corner on their smartphone while ignoring the rest of the family?! Well instead of Cousin Timmy playing Angry birds in a solo session, encourage him to download one or more of these apps that will create conversation, laughter, sharing and so much more with the whole family! We have also included apps that will help you to keep your waist-line in check, impress your relatives, find your way to gas and food and other helpful apps!
9 Apps for the Holiday Season (In no particular order!)
No More Socks: The Christmas List Genius
This handy little app will help you get your holiday shopping organized! This app allows you to organize all of the people on your shopping list and your gift-buying budget. The app also helps you keep track of all of your holiday events and gives you gift suggestions from other users. This app is also good for all year round: keep track of friends and family birthdays, anniversaries or other special occasions!
Want to impress your relatives with your amazing cooking skills and culinary delights?! Well look no further than the foodgawker app. This app displays beautiful photos and recipes from cooking blogs around the world. Browse and search for recipes that will tantalize your guest’s taste buds! Think outside the turkey this Christmas and shake it up with inspired recipes from around the globe! Don’t forget dessert, the pictures on this app alone will having you asking for second helpings!
If you are culinarily challenged or just feel like relaxing and leaving the cooking to the experts, then look no further than Urban Spoon. This app will help you find restaurants in your area based on your GPS location. You can also filter your search by neighborhood, cuisine or price! If any of you have ever watched Mrs. Doubtfire you could take a page from “her” book and get your food to go, dish it up on your own serving dishes, splash some water and flour on your face and take credit as your friends and family marvel at your fine-cooking skills!
If you are in Canada and planning to visit relatives across the country then you will need to download this handy app that will help you locate gas, snacks and groceries on your cross-country journey. Using your GPS location this app will show you the locations of the nearest gar bars and food stores and give you directions. Whether you are low on gas or grandma phoned you and said to pick up some cranberry sauce before you arrive, you can rest assured that this app will guide you to the nearest Co-op location!
Diet & Food Tracker – SparkPeople
If you, like many of us, tend to over indulge in the holiday food, snacks and drinks and your main physically activity over the holiday season includes lifting more turkey to your mouth (no that does not count as 40 “bicep curls!) then you may want to consider downloading a diet tracker app such as SparkPeople! This sensible app allows you to track your daily calories and encourages you to add daily physical activity to counteract that holiday bulge. Your clothes will thank you once the holiday season is over: instead of shouting out “My pants shrunk!” once the holiday season is over you can thank SparkPeople for keeping you on track!
Make sure to capture those precious holiday moments with a photo-capturing app like Instagram! Instagram not only captures your beautiful family moments but also allows you to customize your photos with beautiful filtered effects. Once you are satisfied with your works of art you can share them with your social networks over Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Tumblr, Foursquare and Posterous.
Undoubtedly when you are taking all of these great holiday photos of your friends and family they will want to have copies of the photos as well! Instead of laboriously emailing them the snapshots, you can use Bump, which will allow you to share photos from your device to their device! The app also allows you to bump personal contact information so you can stay connected with your newly-introduced, second-cousin Martin! The greatest part about this app is you can share between Android and iOS users can share between devices!
This fun little app scans a person or their fingerprint to determine if the person has been “Naughty” or “Nice” this year! Hopefully Santa will still visit your house even if you have a few “naughty” ratings!
This app is not only great for the kids but is guaranteed to get even the adults laughing! Speak to Santa and he will repeat what you say in his jolly voice! We were impressed with this app because not only does it include cute graphics and animations but it allows you to choose a “child’s mode”, create a custom postcard that you can share with your social networks, and many other fun little functions that will get people laughing and sharing.
Those are just a few of the great apps that will hopefully enhance your Holiday Season! If you have any other great apps that are a must-have for this holiday season leave us a comment!
~ Happy Holidays and All the best in 2013!~
<|endofexample|>
Full time Summer Nanny Needed
Position Type: Nanny
Office: College Nannies + Tutors | Livingston
Location of Position: Caldwell
About the Position
Summer Nanny Needed in Caldwell for 7 year old girl with full-time availability. Hours will typically be from 9:00 to 5:00 pm, but hours may change due to child’s summer schedule and programs. However, must have part time availability for fall, ideally after school hours in fall from Monday to Friday from 2:30 to 6:30pm. Nanny is required to have a safe driving record, a willingness to help mother around the house with child’s organization, communication skills and overall great attitude and pleasant demeanor. Nanny must be willing to do the laundry once a week, pick up child from afterschool activities come fall, and have a helpful personality. Must be strong swimmer (lifeguard training preferable) CPR and Frist Aid certified is required upon hire.
About Nanny Positions
Nanny positions may be full-time, part-time, hourly babysitting, summer only and/or after school.
Although each nanny position varies with each family due to age, number of children and family needs, activities often include:
- Being a Role Model by setting a good example
- Playing games, sports, and other activities with the children
- Helping with homework
- Organizing and taking children on outings/adventures
- Providing rides to and from daily activities
<|endofexample|>
Tweet Cool Hand Luke didn’t blink when the stage got brightest. Louisville senior Luke Hancock scored 22 points and made 5-5 shots from three-point range to lead the Cardinals to [more...]
Apr 082013
Apr 072013
Apr 012013
Mar 252013
Mar 222013
Mar 222013
Mar 212013
Mar 212013
Mar 212013
Mar 162013
<|endofexample|>
<! --- Ads by googale ----->
<! -- Google Banner -->
*
Sri Lanka Navy on alert following attack on Kinniya naval camp
Mon, Aug 15, 2011, 11:38 pm SL Time, ColomboPage News Desk, Sri Lanka.
Aug 15, Colombo: Sri Lanka Navy was on alert today after one of its camps in the Eastern Province came under attack on Sunday night by the residents of the area who were chasing "Grease Devils".
The Navy believes the attack by the residents on the Kinniya navy camp in Trincomalee district is a conspiracy by drug racketeers in the coastal area to close the base and remove the Navy from there to carry out drug smuggling operations uninterruptedly.
A spokesman for the Navy said that many racketeers were arrested in the last few days following the operations from the naval base in Kinniya and these racketeers are stirring up the public to remove the naval detachment as it is an obstacle to their operations.
A large group of residents last night pelted stones at the Navy camp claiming that two "Grease Devil" drove into the base and were seeking refuge there.
The Navy said it had to fire at the crowd to disperse the mob. Several villagers and navy personnel were injured in the clash and admitted to the hospital.
The mob also attacked the police, which arrived at the scene to control the situation, and burned a police jeep.
Tension prevailed today also after people stormed the Government Agent's office demanding the release of 25 suspects arrested by the police during the skirmish. The police have released the 25 people taken into custody last night.
The Navy spokesman has said the individuals engaged in the illegal activities were leading the assault on the camp.
A group of senior defence officials including the Eastern Commander Major General Boniface Perera visited Kinniya to monitor the situation.
Sri Lanka has been gripped with the fear of "Grease Devils" for the past few days. Prowlers, only clad in underwear and with grease applied on them to avoid being caught, have been terrorizing women in several rural areas of the--
<|endofexample|>
311 N. High Street • Millville, NJ 08332 • 856.825.7576
Home | About Us | Privacy Policy | Delivery Policy | Substitution Policy | Testimonials | Contact Us
Send beautiful fresh flowers for any occasion from Colonial Flowers in Millville, NJ 08332
When you choose Colonial Flowers for sending fresh cut flowers in Millville, NJ you know that you are choosing the most professional, experienced florist in the area. Colonial Flowers flower bouquets are professionally arranged in a reusable vase. You can be confident that you are sending the most beautiful, fresh, quality floral arrangement available. As the best florist in Millville, NJ your satisfaction is guaranteed.
The best professional florist in Millville, NJ 08332, Colonial Flowers assures quality service and beautiful fresh flowers delivered
A flower arrangement from Colonial Flowers will brighten anyone's day! When choosing flowers from our professional floral staff,
you can see the years of experience that go into every bouquet that we deliver.
Our fresh flower delivery service in Millville, NJ and surrounding areas
In addition to local flower delivery in Millville, NJ 08332, Colonial Flowers provides flower delivery services to the following nearby areas: Cumberland County, Millville, Bridgeton, Vineland, Cedarville, Port Norris, Port Elizabeth, Carmel, Rosenhayn, Commercial Township, Delmont, Dividing Creek, Dorchester, Downe Township, East Vineland, Fairfield Township, Fairton, Fortescue, Heislerville, Haleyville, Laurel Lake, Lawrence Township, Leesburg, Maurice River Township, Mauricetown, Newport, South Vineland, Union Lake
08332|08302|08311|08345|08321|08349|08314|08315|08316|08320|08323|08324|08360|08332|08348|08325|08327|08329| Zone format
Red Roses Florist Millville, NJ | Birthday Flowers Millville, NJ | Florist Millville, NJ | Flower Delivery Millville, NJ| Birthday Roses, Millville, NJ
<|endofexample|>
July 6, 2012
Central Virginia Jazz Orchestra Kicks off Wednesday Summer Breeze Concert Series
Merchants Square will host the Central Virginia Jazz Orchestra at 7 p.m. July 11 for the first of its Wednesday series of summer concerts. Based in Richmond, the Central Virginia Jazz Orchestra is a select 19-member band specializing in big band jazz. Vocalist Sharon Rae North returns as a featured guest performer.
In addition to the concert, Merchants Square offers free entertainment for younger members of the audience beginning at 6:30 p.m. on Duke of Gloucester Street, between Williams-Sonoma and Talbots. Entertainment includes face painting, bubble making and clowns.
All Summer Breeze concerts take place on Duke of Gloucester Street in Merchants Square and are free to the public.
Concertgoers are encouraged to bring lawn chairs and their dancing shoes to the performances. Food and beverages, including carryout, are available from Merchants Square’s nine restaurants.
Convenient concert night parking is available at the Prince George Street garage and the lot at the corner of South Henry and Francis Streets.
The Summer Breeze Concert Series is sponsored by Merchants Square, the City of Williamsburg Department of Parks and Recreation, and Legacy Financial Group.
For more information about weather-related cancellations, please see the Merchants Square website,, or call the events hotline on concert days at
<|endofexample|>
."
Birch has worked the past 17 years for the Northwest Colorado Visiting Nurse Association, expanding programs, developing strategic partnerships and strengthening the association?s operations. The agency is moving into a nurse-led model of integrated community health services including primary care, home and hospice care, public health and aging services.
."
Before moving to Northwest Colorado, Birch served at Georgetown University Hospital and in a variety of progressive nursing roles with Kaiser Permanente in Colorado. She is a trustee of the Caring for Colorado Foundation, and the Colorado Health Institute and a past president of the Home Care Association of Colorado.
Birch recently completed an appointment to the National Advisory Committee on Rural Health and Human Services, had a Bonfils-Stanton Foundation Livingston Fellowship and the Robert Wood Johnson Executive Nurse Fellowship. She earned a nursing degree and a master?s degree in business administration, both from the University of Colorado.
<|endofexample|>
CC's Community Kitchen celebrates its 20th anniversary Sunday all are invited to join in the meal and the celebration.
Since 1992, the kitchen has provided a hot meal to the city’s hungry and homeless 52 Sundays a year, including summer, winter, Thanksgiving, spring, and all block breaks, with students often staying on campus to help operate the kitchen.
The Community Kitchen will commemorate its anniversary with local bands, speakers on homelessness and poverty and a picnic-style meal. Among the speakers will be Bruce Coriell, chaplain at Colorado College, and Becky Manchester Aidlberg ’95, who helped found the kitchen when she was a student at CC.
Colin McCarey ’12, who started volunteering at the kitchen as a first-year student and currently is one of the three student kitchen managers, said there has been a consistent rise in the number of guests since he started working at the Community Kitchen. Currently, the kitchen serves an average of 200 guests each Sunday.
The Community Kitchen began on Easter Sunday 20 years ago, when a group of concerned CC students, began serving a free hot Sunday meal to the hungry and homeless of Colorado Springs. What began as a small operation dependent upon donations from the college’s cafeteria excesses soon grew into a community-supported organization that served an all-time high of 300 meals this summer.
Organizers of Sunday’s event are accepting picnic-food donations for the anniversary meal, including hot dog buns, potato chips, potato salad, deviled eggs, baked beans, tomatoes, lettuce and sliced onions for burgers and desserts.
<|endofexample|>
Back in 2009, when I was just a youngin' wrapping up my sophomore year, I hopped on a plane and headed east to the Emerald Isle.
One of my bucket-list countries, my parents and I traipsed around Ireland for about a week. Gorgeous sights, incredibly filling food and cars on the wrong side of the road.
Well, as luck would have it, we found ourselves there in the middle of March. That's right. St. Patrick's Day.
As we stood along the main thoroughfare in Dublin, surrounded by green and orange, watching car after marching band after float pass by in the parade, my parents and I fought for our footing as the crowd surged.
And with so much pride in the air, it was only right for us to partake in another glorious Irish tradition: Beer drinking.
(Underage in the U.S. Beer drinker in Ireland. Hells yes.)
Now, you may be scoffing my premature exhalation of St. Patty's Day.
Ha! Nothing premature about it.
Old Chicago has brought on the green early, revving up its St. Patrick's Day mini tour a few days ago. Set to last until March 17, this tour's filled to the brim (pun always intended) with Guinness, Smithwicks and O'Hara's brews.
How do I know, you ask?
I was there.
My friend and I fought the cold winds and snow-filled streets to start one of our favorite tours.
And after an unfortunate beer-spilling incident, I brought that beer smell with me to work Thursday. Or rather my boots did. "Resident Beer Girl" as I'm known in the office now seems, to the unwitting nearby smeller, to have come to work drunk.
Info: St. Pat's Mini Tour at Old Chicago, 1102 Pearl Street.
Natural born artists
Next up:
But it's not what you think. No inappropriate gyrating or tequila shots ... this time.
Instead, Absinthe's getting artsy, hosting "Discovery," by RAW natural born artists, on Sunday.
A collaborative showcase of independent artists, musicians and designers, the show gives its audience an independent film, fashion show, musical performance, art gallery and more. All kinds of indie artists seeking the spotlight and putting on one hell of a show.
So culture up your weekend and head over in your Sunday (night) best.
Info: RAW "Discovery" show at the Absinthe House, 1109 Walnut Street, from 6 to 10 p.m. Tickets are $10-$15. 21+
Rock out
Never fear, my 20 and younger friends. Seems your Program Council is at it again, bringing big-name talent right to your doorsteps.
Kris Allen's rocking out in the Old Main Chapel tonight with Jillette Johnson. My only exposure to his hits over the years has been from my friends filling my iTunes with their music, but the American Idol winner will bring his hits to campus.
This show's sure to liven up you're a Friday night. (Don't worry, the beer pong table will still be there when you get home.)
Info: Kris Allen at Old Main Chapel on Friday at 8 p.m. $12-$15.
Follow Alex on Twitter: @ansieh.
<|endofexample|>
John Patee
John Patee
Occupation
Sheet metal fab./ Vechile maintance Tech
Age
29
Birthday
June 26
Primary Division
Super Stock
Car Number
09
First Year Racing at CNS
2007
Started racing at CNS in what division?
Super Stock
Racing Biography
Never raced a car before I got behind the wheel of the 09.
Favorite Sprint Cup Driver?
Tony Stewart, He has a cool nickname. also he's an owner/driver, need I say more.
Personal Hero?
My grandpa. He's always there to lend a helping hand to anyone in need. Always trying to make things easier and better around the racecar. He's made it through the worst of times, to hopefully be enjoying the best of times now at the track.
Superstitious?
No superstitions here. Just another lovely day in the neighborhood. Race day is alot safer than traveling down I-25.
Crew Members
Grandpa Wes Uncle Tim Uncle Darrell Uncle Richard
Sponsors
KaLell Racing
Four Seasons Heating
D + R Head and Casting
Alley Automotive
Patee Motorsports
<|endofexample|>
Media: Print
Geo: Turkey
Category: Automotive
Agency: Vagabond
Brand: Mercedes
Coloribus is The Largest Advertising Archive.More content and services available for members
»»» Learn your benefit from Coloribus «««
»»» Subscribe now «««
<|endofexample|>
Here's a site that some might find interesting. They do movie props.
Weapons Specialists Ltd. | blank firing guns | prop firearms | prop rentals | stage props | custom made props
This is America - You don't redistribute wealth. You earn it !! " Shoot em in the right eye - it spoils their aim!"
NRA Benefactor Life Member
NRA Whittington Center Life Member
Life Member NAHC
<|endofexample|>
- Chair's Message
- Message from the Science & Mathematics Chair
- Academic Programs
- Art and Materials Conservation Major
- Minor in Mathematics
- Minor in Environmental Studies
- Courses
- Science Institute
- Institute for Science Education & Science Communication
- Sci/Math Student Resources
- Tutoring and Study Skills Help
- Choosing a Math Course
- Science Visualization Lab
- Department Personnel
- Faculty
- Academic Staff
- Staff
- Science and Mathematics Coordinators
- Departmental Events
- Science and Math Colloquium Series
- Employment
- Science and Math Open Positions
- SciMath Faculty Support Docs
- SciMath Syllabus Template
- Make Up Exam Request Form
<|endofexample|>
While style is nice, content is what is important. That is why you you will see no backgrouds, fancy fonts or unnecessary graphics on my pages.
In addition, I have tried to make a balance between original content and hotlinks available at my site. I am bored silly by web pages which only point to other web pages. When you go somplace on-line you want to find something interesting and worthwhile the effort it took to go there! Indexes are fine if they are unique in the information they gather. Random "Hot links!" or "What's Cool" lists which pride themselves are lots of hot air.
HTML was designed to make page design
possible which ALL browsers could read. Thus someone
could design a page using the
<strong></strong>
pair, and some browsers would change the font, others would inverse
the video. This is different then using the
<bold></bold> or
<italics></italics> which command a browser to
emphasize in a certain fashion.
The netscape extensions promote elitism of platforms if they wish to become part of standard code.
Usenet represents more of the active dynamic then the Web to me. I am more interested in what comes out of the discussion of different people then the web page which comes from one persons time and effort.
Collaboration and cooperation, even by people of differing viewpoints, is much more the fruit of this new world.
Please e-mail me at hauben@columbia.edu if you have disk space, time or energy to contribute. Thanks!
<|endofexample|>
COLUMBIA — A man charged with second-degree robbery and armed criminal action in connection with the fatal shooting of Aaron Hobson pleaded guilty during a hearing at the Boone County Courthouse on Wednesday.
Defendant in Aaron Hobson's death pleads guilty
Wednesday, October 5, 2011 | 7:37 p.m. CDT; updated 8:05 a.m. CDT, Wednesday, October
<|endofexample|>
The season continues, and Missouri hopes to keep it that way.
The No. 8 seeded Missouri women’s soccer team plays No. 1 Colorado today at 11 a.m. in the first round of the Big 12 Conference Tournament at the Blossom Soccer Stadium in San Antonio.
The Tigers (9-9-1, 3-6-1 Big 12) took the last seed in the tournament by coming from behind to defeat Iowa State on Friday in Ames, Iowa. After trailing 2-0 and 3-2, Missouri battled back to defeat the Cyclones 4-3 and knock them out of tournament contention.
Missouri has appeared in seven of the eight Big 12 tournaments, failing to make the six-team cut in 1997. The Tigers lowest seed was eighth.
Coach Bryan Blitz, though, said he isn’t afraid of the underdog role.
“It’s an unusual spot for us,” Blitz said. “But we feel like we can play with anyone in the conference.”
A few weeks ago, Missouri had little chance to make the tournament. After starting 4-0, the Tigers faced eight ranked opponents, seven in eight consecutive games. On Oct. 17, Missouri was 6-8-1 and had not won a conference game.
The turning point for the Tigers was Oct. 19 against Texas A&M, ranked No. 4 in the country. Missouri, which trailed 4-1 at halftime, beat the Aggies 5-4 in overtime behind Melissa Peabody’s hat trick.
Since that game, the Tigers have won two of three games.
Senior Adriene Davis has high hopes for her last conference tournament.
“We want to go win this thing,” Davis said. “We want to be the eighth seed that comes through and wins it all.”
The Tigers will have a formidable opponent. In addition to being atop the Big 12 standings, the Buffaloes (15-2-1, 8-1-1) also are ranked fifth nationally and boast three Big 12 awards winners that were announced Tuesday.
Katie Griffin was named Rookie of the Year, Fran Munnelly was awarded Player of the Year and coach Bill Hempen was honored as Coach of the Year. Missouri and Colorado met Sept. 26, when the Buffaloes came back to win 3-2 after the Tigers took a 2-0 lead.
“I thought we played great that game,” Blitz said. “We can gain confidence from it and bring it into (today’s) game.”
<|endofexample|>
Articles
- IndyGround puts Columbia's hip-hop artists on the map
- Hip-hop struggles to gain respectability — and venues — in Columbia
- GetAbout Columbia officials optimistic about program's future
- GetAbout Columbia sends finished plan back for city approval
- Police are on the lookout for errant cyclists and motorists
- GetAbout's I-70 overpass nixed — for now
<|endofexample|>
Hoy offers London crowd prospect of Olympic gold
Saturday, February 18, 2012
LONDON (AP) -- British cycling star Chris Hoy won the sprint at the Track World Cup on Sunday, giving the London Olympic Velodrome crowd another glimpse of the scenes they hope to see at this year's Summer Games.
Hoy followed up his victory in Saturday's kierin with a 2-0 win over Maximilian Levy. He overpowered the German on the home straightaway in the first race and kept his line in the second under severe pressure on the back straight.
The four-time Olympic champion was roared on as the four-day test event at the new 6,000-seat arena drew to a close.
Britain's team pursuit squad took the silver behind Australia. The Aussies -- with Jack Bobridge, Rohan Dennis, Alex Edmondson and Michael Hepburn -- also clinched the overall World Cup title with the second-fastest time ever.
More like this
Jason Kenny wins Olympic sprint final
Velodrome could be sprinter's paradise at Olympics
Chris Hoy to be Britain's flag bearer at Olympics
<|endofexample|>
Vancouver bike tour to focus on city's historic trees
Wednesday, June 20, 2012
A bicycle tour through downtown Vancouver will lead participants to a selection of notable trees in the city's historic core.
The Heritage Tree Bicycle Tour, hosted by the city's Urban Forestry program, begins at 6 p.m. Thursday as part of the regular TreeTalk workshop series. The ride starts and ends at Esther Short Park, 600 S.W. Columbia St.
Organizers describe the route as an easy 4-mile trek through downtown. It will stop at 10 locations, covering information on each tree's historical significance and legacy in the community.
Participants must wear helmets and obey all traffic laws during the ride, according to the city. The ride is free, but space is limited to 25 bicyclists. To register in advance, people can call 360-487-8308 or email urbanforestry@cityofvancouver.us.
More like this
Historic trees focus of downtown bike tour
Vancouver to host free tree planting workshop
Urban forester warns of storm-damaged trees
<|endofexample|>
September 10, 2011
A tank at a Pennsylvania National Guard armory is surrounded with floodwaters from the Susquehanna River, Friday, Sept. 9, 2011, in West Pittston, Pa. Stretches of the swollen Susquehanna River began receding Friday after days of rainfall from what had been Tropical Storm Lee flooded communities from Virginia to New York, leading to evacuation orders for nearly 100,000 people. At least 12 deaths have been blamed on Lee and its remnants.
Disclaimer
This photograph was submitted by a member of our community. If you find this photograph objectionable, please suggest this photograph for removal.Suggest Removal
<|endofexample|>
March 25, 2012
Tom Nichols’ table of big-leaf maple and cherry, with exotic-wood insets of leaves, won Best in Show. Nichols plans to soon start his own custom woodworking business.
Disclaimer
This photograph was submitted by a member of our community. If you find this photograph objectionable, please suggest this photograph for removal.Suggest Removal
<|endofexample|>
Miller Theatre was nearly overflowing on Wednesday, Sept. 14, as it opened its 2011-2012 season with Part I of the U.S. premiere of Scottish composer James Dillon’s epic “Nine Rivers.” Parts II and III will be performed on Friday, Sept. 16 and Saturday, Sept. 17, respectively.
Part I, entitled “Leukosis,” which refers to the stage of whitening in the transformation of matter, is itself divided into four pieces: “East 11th St, NY 10003,” “L’ECRAN parfum,” “Viriditas,” and “La femme invisible.” Each piece began immediately after the last ended, totaling just over an hour for the full performance. (Dillon’s original intention was for the entire cycle to be played all on one night, not three. The work as a whole is meant to contain many themes, including differing conceptions of musical time.)
Though the concert may have been short, it lacked nothing in monumental qualities. “East 11th St, NY 10003” was performed entirely by the percussion ensemble “red fish blue fish,” with Nathan Davis playing additional percussion and Steven Schick conducting. The piece began with a soft clang of a gong, leading to a low rumbling which eventually culminated in a huge cacophony of percussive sound—one was reminded of the sounds of a New York City street. Though it felt like a very gradual buildup, the ending was exciting.
“L’ECRAN parfum” added strings to the mix, with six violins from the International Contemporary Ensemble playing different variations of a tremolo. At certain points, one or two violins would come in with a quick measure of what sounded like a melody but would quickly be usurped by the tremolo and percussion again. It was almost as if every musician had a different notion of the musical meter, none of which lined up until silence suddenly marked the end.
In the only piece conducted by Donald Nally, the vocal ensemble The Crossing sung “Viriditas”—the longest of the four works in Part I. Again, different ideas of time were evident. If there were any lyrics to the song, they were nearly impossible to understand. Rather, it sounded like many people talking all at once, beginning and ending at different times. There were several impressive solos, yet it was often difficult to even tell which vocalist each was coming from, as the singers were hidden behind their music stands under low light.
The concert ended with the shorter “La femme invisible,” for which the wind players of the International Contemporary Ensemble joined in. As this piece began, red light began to appear behind the players. The light foreshadowed Part II of the cycle, “Iosis,” which represents the reddening stage in the transformation of matter. “La femme invisible” ended on a very short and abrupt note, leaving quite the cliffhanger for Friday’s concert. Yet, the long applause after Wednesday’s performance proved that even on its own, “Leukosis” provided one vibrant evening.
<|endofexample|>
Messenger photo by Whitney Wilson Coy
The BOZ I, a new bomb robot purchased by the Columbus Division of Fire Bomb Squad, is the first of its kind to be purchased by any organization in the The robot is run by a hydraulic system, making it ten-times stronger than other robots used by the squad, as it demonstrated Sept.19 by turning a vehicle on its side.
These are the words of a member of the Columbus Division of Fire Bomb Squad during a press conference to reveal their newest robot.
The “long walk” was described as when a bomb squad member puts on his gear and makes the solitary walk towards an area where a bomb might be located.
"You hope you get to walk back," he said.
Thanks to the new BOZ I robot, these long walks will now be less frequent.
The BOZ I bomb robot is a hydraulic system based robot. According to Bomb Squad Captain Steve Saltsman, this makes a huge difference in the strength of the robot.
"The new robot is about ten-times stronger than our old ones," said Saltsman.
The hydraulic jaws have 12,720 pounds of opening force, 8,500 pounds of closing force and 1,000 pounds of thrusting force.
These capabilities allow the robot to tear, pry and crush devices. Bomb squad representatives used the BOZ I to force open the truck and a passenger door of a vehicle during the robot's reveal on Sept. 19.
It can also move a 3,300 pound vehicle. During the presentation, the robot punched a hole in the rear tail light of a vehicle and pushed it across an empty parking lot.
According to firefighters, this method can be used to move large objects believed to contain a bomb to a safer location for further investigation.
The robot was also used to turn the vehicle on its side.
The BOZ I is equipped with five cameras - three of which are infrared and two with zoom capabilities. This allows it to be extremely precise.
"We saw a video online where this machine can take quarters and stack them one at a time. It has incredible strength, but it also has the finesse to handle something that delicate," said Saltsman.
Its remote operation has a one kilometer range, allowing bomb squad personnel to operate the robot from a safe vantage point.
The BOZ I cost $300,000 and was funded through grants from the Urban Area Security Initiative from the Department of Homeland Security.
It is one of only 60 robots of its kind made worldwide and the Columbus Division of Fire is the first department in the country to purchase this new technology.
Saltsman attributed the fact that Columbus is the first U.S owner of a BOZ I to nothing other than "good timing."
"This technology has been out there, in other places in the world, for quite some time now, but it's just coming to the We just happened to be looking and had the funding available when this new technology arrived."
"We were looking for a new robot and we looked at a lot of different models. None of the other robots came close to the type of capabilities we were looking for," said Saltsman.
The department currently has two additional robots. The new robot will not replace either of these, but instead will work together with them.
According to Saltsman, the older, smaller robots are still useful because they are lightweight and easily transportable - the new BOZ I weighs 1,300 pounds.
The older robots are also able to climb staircases and enter small spaces, such as airplanes, because they are smaller in size.
The new robot, however, has a much greater reach than the older ones.
"Theoretically, we could use the new robot to pick up a smaller one and place it someplace high, like a second story," said Saltsman. "When you look at them side by side, it’s like a family."
^ back to top
<|endofexample|>
The Robinson-Schensted and Schützenberger Algorithms, an Elementary Approach
Abstract
We discuss the Robinson-Schensted and Schützenberger algorithms, and the fundamental identities they satisfy, systematically interpreting Young tableaux as chains in the Young lattice. We also derive a Robinson-Schensted algorithm for the hyperoctahedral groups. Finally we show how the mentioned identities imply some fundamental properties of Schützenberger's glissements.
<|endofexample|>
Captains of the comics industry hosted a public remembrance during last weekend's Emerald City Comicon for a departed friend, Dwayne McDuffie, a creator who fought to make superheroes feel more like the human race.
McDuffie died of complications from surgery on Sunday, February 21, just one day after his 49th birthday. He spent decades working with the major comics publishers as well as an independent creator who constantly strived to bring minority characters to the fore, sometimes utilizing caustic satire, while translating many of DC's superheroes into their most successful animated incarnations.
Longtime friend and fellow writer Mark Waid, who worked alongside McDuffie numerous times throughout their careers, headed up the memorial panel as moderator. Waid opened the event with a quip: "I have a long list of people in this industry who can go..."
"Most of us are here," joked "Astro City" creator Kurt Busiek.
"...and Dwayne was so not on that list," Waid continued. "It's really fairly rare, even in an industry as tightly knit as ours, and I think as fraternal as ours, to find someone that everybody really likes."
The panel, coming at the end of Saturday's con events, opened with a brief memorial video of some of McDuffie's career highlights. The montage ranged from 1989's four-issue Marvel miniseries "Damage Control" to the launch of the McDuffie-helmed Milestone Comics line in the early 1990s to his years writing for the animated "Justice League" and "Justice League Unlimited" and features "Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths" and the newly released "All-Star Superman."
"I think his greatest contribution in a lot of ways, was, he showed a bunch of liberal New Yorkers that they really weren't doing enough to bring diversity to comics," said Bob Harras, editor in chief of DC Comics, who praised McDuffie's tenure at Marvel. "It was amazing for an assistant editor, when you think about it, because an assistant editor's supposed to be someone who'll Xerox and say, 'Yes, sir.' But Dwayne basically said, 'Look, what we're doing -- there's a large group of fans out there who are not seeing themselves.'"
Veteran comics writer Marv Wolfman recalled picking up a copy of McDuffie's "Damage Control," a miniseries about an agency that cleans up the rubble left by super hero/super villain battles in the Marvel Universe. "It blew me away, and not only because it was one of those ideas that you go, 'Of course! Somebody had to clean up after the mess that the characters did.' But the writing was so sharp. I just couldn't believe this new voice had come in."
Wolfman continued, talking about McDuffie during the Milestone years. "He was doing some of the best plotting and the best scripting I had seen in comics at that particular point. All the books were so sharply written -- it was amazing."
"He knew how to write from the inside out," Waid agreed. "He knew, that's the way you write characters."
McDuffie and his wife Charlotte Fullerton moved into a new house not long before his death, passing his packing boxes on for Wolfman to use in a forthcoming move of his own. "Now his name is all over my house," Wolfman said. "I mean, everywhere."
Busiek once wrote an issue of the Milestone title "Icon," filling in for McDuffie, and the writer recalled for the audience how challenging it was to maintain McDuffie's voice. "A Dwayne McDuffie page has four word balloons, and they're short," Busiek said. "But it's rich in character. What the characters say and do, everything means a lot."
One of McDuffie's best-known stunts involved a survey he conducted around the Marvel offices during his and Busiek's tenure at the publisher. The survey asked, "How many African-American Marvel characters can you name who don't ride a skateboard?" The punchline was a satirical series proposal for "Teenage Negro Ninja Thrashers," a super team comprised of Marvel's two skateboarding black heroes, plus two more created for the group. McDuffie's point, that many of Marvel's black characters at the time were essentially one-note signifiers, not fully envisioned heroes, was noted by Marvel.
The other half of the survey asked how many black male Marvel heroes did not dress like chickens. "Think about it," Busiek said. "There's the Black Talon. We'll call the Falcon an honorary one, for those crazy boots. There's the Battling Bantam. There is an astonishing number. When you add up the guys who dress like chickens and the guys who ride skateboards, it's really easy to see there's a problem here."
Beyond strong writing skills and advocacy on behalf of characters who resembled the audience that read about them, McDuffie also mentored younger writers. David Walker, today the screenwriter behind the spoof film "Blackstar Warrior" and author of the forthcoming superhero-themed young adult novel "Darius Walker: Super Justice Force," was a journalist when he first met McDuffie. The industry veteran encouraged the new author's writing, but urged him to pass on a job working directly for a comics publisher, saying it would squelch his creativity.
He also surprised Walker once by calling Thor, the blond-haired god of thunder, "the blackest character" among Marvel superheroes. "Thor had a really bad relationship with his father," he told Walker, "and everything Thor was trying to do was trying to address his father, trying to mend that relationship."
"If there's depth and dimension to (a character), then people will relate to them no matter what," Walker continued. "Hence, Dwayne's thinking that Thor was one of the greatest black characters in the Marvel Universe."
Wolfman recounted reading the massive online outpouring of remembrances after McDuffie died -- even though McDuffie's work was seldom among the comics industry's big-selling titles. "To get that sort of response in the press indicates that he touched people in ways that they felt a need to respond," Wolfman said.
"Forty-nine years old," Waid lamented. "Jesus. That's absurd. That's a kid."
Discuss this story in CBR's Community Forum forum. | 16 Comments
<|endofexample|>
The deadly battle continues. Just about everybody fights just about everybody else. Paris vs. Menelaus, Great Ajax vs. Hektor, and Odysseus beats on Thersites. From the walls of Troy, Helen and the Trojan women watch a showdown between Achilles and Hektor.
Preview: Age of Bronze #28
Fri, March 13th, 2009 at 2:22pm PDT
- Story by
- Eric Shanower
- Art by
- Eric Shanower
- Cover by
- Eric Shanower
- Publisher
- Image Comics
- Cover Price:
- $3.50
- Release Date
- Wed, March 18th, 2009
- Browse for similar previews
Fri, March 13th, 2009 at 2:22pm PDT
<< Invincible #60 | Previews Archive | Bad Dog #2 >>
<|endofexample|>
Tag: paul maybury
Showing results 1-5 of 5
.
_3<<
Chris Roberson Begins His "Reign" At Image
"iZombie" and "Memorial" writer Chris Roberson spoke with CBR News about bringing his upcoming fantasy epic "Reign" to Image Comics with artist Paul Maybury.
PRESS RELEASE: Image Continues "Next Issue Project" with "Crack Comics" #63
COMMENTARY TRACK: "Aqua Leung"
Creators Mark Andrew Smith and Paul Maybury stop by CBR to discuss in-depth their critically acclaimed Image Comics graphic novel "Aqua Leung," an epic revenge story set beneath the seas.
Archives: All | Comic Books | TV/Film | Video Games | Web Comics
<|endofexample|>
Tag: the dark night rises
Showing results 1-4 of 4
First Look at Anne Hathaway as Catwoman
Warner Bros. has debuted the first image of Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle in "The Dark Knight Rises," the conclusion of director Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy.
Spider-Man, Dark Knight Rises, Cowboys & Aliens: Nov 18th Comic Reel
Dennis Leary to join "Spider-Man!" Tom Hardy to play Hugo Strange? "Cowboys & Aliens" trailer invades the Internet. Also, the trial for "Superman" continues and more.
>>IMAGE.
Archives: All | Comic Books | TV/Film | Video Games | Web Comics
<|endofexample|>
Announcing the Comic Emporium eStoreTuesday, January 13th, 2009
Its here! We have just opened the virtual doors to our eBay store. Keep watching over the next few weeks as we continue adding content and inventory. Here you will be able to browse the best of our Magic rares, find deals on hot toys, models, and statues and even gawk at a few white elephants (why did I order some of this crap in the first place?!?). What a great way to begin the new year!
<|endofexample|>
Aug 15th 2012 By: Caleb Goellner
Link Ink: Stan Lee's AMA, 'Daredevil' Movie In Limbo And Chinese 'Avengers' Bootlegs Retranslated
<<
Music: Rapper Kid Static's "K.I.D." video takes advantage of the sights of this past year's WonderCon. Just note the mildly NSFW language. [Kotaku]
Geekypet illustrates cats and dogs as your favorite heroes from comics, film and TV. [Neatorama]
Add a Comment
How do you afraid of lightning?
I do not like thunder guy.
CHINESEAVENGERSYEAHYEAHYEAH!!!!
Most Popular Posts
Features
Great Comics That Never Happened
The greatest adventures that have not occurred!
1 Comment
<|endofexample|>
CasanovaAvaritia
Don't Ask! Just Buy It! - June 20, 2012: From a Finger to a Glove
Tuesday 19 June By: Douglas Wolk
It All Adds Up In 'Casanova Avaritia' #4 [Preview]
Thursday 14 June By: Caleb Goellner
'Casanova: Avaritia' #2 Hits Like a Punch to the Stomach [Review]
Tuesday 11 October By: David Brothers
Don't Ask! Just Buy It! - Oct. 5, 2011: Hold On, Nancy's Coming
Tuesday 04 October By: Douglas Wolk
Matt Fraction's Indie Masterpiece 'Casanova' Returns with 'Avaritia' [Interview]
Tuesday 06 September By: Laura Hudson
Don't Ask! Just Buy It! - September 7, 2011: Slaying the Father
Tuesday 06 September By: Douglas Wolk
Most Popular Posts
Features
Great Comics That Never Happened
The greatest adventures that have not occurred!
<|endofexample|>
Tiny Pages Made of Ashes: Small Press Comics Reviews 10/5/2012A comic review article by: Jason Sacks, Daniel Elkin, David Fairbanks
Tiny Pages Made of Ashes is Comics Bulletin's roundup of small press comics reviews.
Wings for Wheels
(Todd McArthur/Jen May/John PM Frees/Jen Vaughn/Pat Barret/Nomi Kane)
Bruce Springsteen fans are some of the most intense fans in music. This new anthology comic is a really fun look at that obsession, with six entertaining stories about the Boss's impact on his fans.
The first thing you might notice about this anthology is its wonderful cover. If you don't recognize that image, you just don't know music – and if you do, isn't it really a cool piece of work? The cover sets the pace for the comic because this mini looks and feels like a slightly larger CD insert – in fact, it even look like a record!
Inside the mini we get a range of stories, but these are generally of a higher quality than youfind in most anthology comics. The lead tale, by Todd McArthur, is an outlandish and euphoric tale that treats Clarence Clemons as an angel come down from Heaven to encourage Todd to not be cheap and go to a Springsteen concert. It's a goofy strip, but McArthur pulls it off with clever page layouts and positive energy.
Next Josh PM Frees delivers a fun anecdote about a furniture-destroying karaoke Springsteen session. It's a cute little story – and I love the look of pure mania on the face of the karaoke singer's face!
Jen Vaughn delivers a really sweet seven-pager that shows how impossible it is to escape the power of a great song. I loved this little tale of a pretty smart and cool girl trying to track down some great music.
Pat Barrett's five-pager is a rambling five-pager that juxtaposes little anecdotes about growing up with a fistfight initiated by Springsteen. It's an odd little strip, but Barrett's art is vivid and his caricatures are fun.
Nomi Kane's eight-pager wraps up the comic with a really wonderful piece about how music haunts us all throughout our lives. We see Springsteen's music pass in and out of Kane's life as she goes through childhood, breakups and long car rides. This was a surprisingly moving story that made me think about my relationship with music, and Kane's art is sweet and direct.
To top it off, this zine has wonderful production values and the record-sleeve cover is a damn clever idea. This is a really fun minicomic that anyone, especially anyone who loves The Boss, should check out.
- Jason Sacks
Tomorrow Jones #1
(Brian Daniel/Johan Manadin)
Arcana
.
The story is pretty straightforward. Tomorrow Jones is a fourteen-year-old girl who comes from a family of superheroes -- Mom is a super powered alien, Dad is the Crystal Guardian, and brother Zane is the Crystal Scout. Tomorrow, though… Tomorrow just wants to be left alone to be a normal teenager, to crush on boys and pass her History class. She certainly doesn’t want to wear tight spandex and have a secret identity. Oh sure, she’s going to be a super hero alright, but it’s going to be on her terms, and ain’t nobody going to tell her what to do or who to.
- Daniel Elkin
White Devil
(Matt Evans/Andrew Helinski/Nate Burns)
Evans, Helinski and Burns are new to comics, and it shows through every page of White Devil. The artwork is all over the place on quality, with some pages looking decent, albeit in need of some cleaner inking and shading, and others looking incredibly rushed. There's also an overabundance of negative space on some pages that seems to serve no real purpose, other than to have smaller panels (panels which, by the way, give the indication that nobody had a straight edge handy).
Lettering is something that really shouldn't be overly noticeable in most comics. There are times that a specific font or font change is used, but in general, the best letterers are ones who don't take you out of the book. Whoever of the trio that did the lettering did so haphazardly at best.
Burns drew the word balloons, which I appreciate, but he seems to have done so without consideration for how much had to go into them. To fix this problem, fonts were adjusted. Sometimes you get word balloons that are mostly empty, with a tiny, scaled down Times New Roman word in them.
Not only does it make it difficult to read, but it's distracting too. The story, that of a cult summoning gone awry, has potential to entertain, but the dialogue (and its delivery) mixed with inconsistent art turned me off. I do see potential here, both in the story and the art, but all three of the creators need quite a bit more practice and could greatly benefit from planning out an issue further.
- David Fairbanks
Jason Sacks is Publisher of Comics Bulletin. Follow him
<|endofexample|>
No recent wiki edits to this page. Maranatha is a creature of pure rage and destruction, similar to Doomsday but magical in nature. Whether or not he is indeed the manifestation of God's wrath apparently makes no difference, for it is real and is rage incarnate. He was defeated and captured many times in history, always managing to find a way back. In 1668 he was captured for good, and moved through various holding places until thirty years ago, when Julian Parker, Rabbi Sinnowitz, Mark Merlin, and Sargon the Sorcerer locked him away in the Prison of Industry. Five years later the Church assumed control of the Prison, but no mention was made of Maranatha all those years. What had happened was, Roland Finch positioned himself as a staff member in the prison, and trapped him inside the missing space that James Church once occupied before his Hyde side killed the original persona. This kept Maranatha trapped and hidden until he had Annie Palmer free James Church with the intention of having Maranatha kill her. After an exhaustive battle, he was defeated by the combined efforts of Catholic Girl, Rabbi Sinnowitz, Nun of the Above, Nun the Less, Julian Parker, and Xombi. Maranatha is essentially unstoppable, a beast of pure destruction and mindless rage. However, the toll of multiple imprisonments and 3 decades of lurking inside the shell of a former man took its toll on him. Unlike Doomsday, Maranatha is capable of a degree of rational thought. He is perplexed by David's inability to die, and subsequently by his ability to be harmed. When he realizes that nobody fears him any longer, he loses any desire to go out fighting. In his final moments, he is asked by David if he ever had a friend in his life. Maranatha seemed confused by the question itself, stating "No. Any living thing I came across, I killed. That's all I was for. Rage powered my very being. It's what I am." Thus David concludes that he was never truly 'alive' at all. A side effect of Maranatha's presence is echoes of the dead appearing in the vicinity. Nobody knows what they want, as they never spoke to anyone. The one exception to this was when David lay 'dying' from having Maranatha bite off nearly a third of his body. One of the spirits kneeled next to him and relayed it's laments that life is wasted on the living, and that the things they miss most are the most simple, such as the smell of dew. These echoes are apparently capable of interacting with physical matter, as one is seen handing David the Screaming Cannon left behind by a freshly killed Rustling Husk. It is possible that Maranatha is still alive somewhere, as we have never been told where the Screaming Cannons teleport matter to.
Log in to comment
<|endofexample|>
Tip
The government will fight to the end to suppress those documents in my humble opinion, as they let too many cats out of the bag. Outrage is already building to a fevered pitch over the bailouts as Wall Street is given preferred treatment by Washington.
Gary
Which, again, is why people like Spitzer and Warren will never be in the Obama Administration. Can you imagine Spitzer instead of Holder as AG? I didn't think so.
Boggles the imagination alright!
Gary
Spitzer is banned for life from Organized Government exactly as Pete Rose is banned from Organized Baseball, and for committing the same unpardonable crime: Getting Caught.
· Yr Obd't Servant
Let's be clear. All those in power have kinky cravings but those who shake up things or blow the whistle on others for treasonous acts against the people or the consititution are always attacked, sometimes framed, exposed, and/or driven out by the ruling elite.
Having a mistress doesn't strike me as a treasonous act unless one is paying for such a luxury with taxpayer dollars.
Perhaps if there was more acceptance of such things for those with such political power there would be less blackmail and political extortion going on among all our forms of government.
Are rock stars and movie stars held in such contempt for being extravagant is such ways?
I don't want Spitzer to become Julius Caesar, all I want is for that junk yard dog turned loose on the varmints (with top of the line body armor and full 360 security). Yup he may be an ugly dog but he's OUR junk yard dog and we know them from their deeds. Given the chance that nasty arrogant son-of-a-whatsit will sink in his incisors to the bone and never let go till the beast is dead. I like that.
No prisoners. No mercy.
The law is for chumps, not elite like Tim Geithner.
Everyone who has been paying attention the last ten years knows that when a member of the oligarchy commits a crime the congress retroactively immunizes him or the President covers it up by spouting law obstructing nonsense such as "We must look forward not backward".
Therefore the NY Fed did NOT send any incriminating emails to AIG. And the only rational conclusion is Eliot Spitzer, William Black and Frank Partnoy are delusional and in need of heavy medication.
Tim Geithner did NO wrong and should be applauded for his patriotism and service.
Tim Geithner did NO wrong and should be applauded for his patriotism and service.
Tim Geithner did NO wrong and should be applauded for his patriotism and service.
Say it 100 more times and it becomes the TRUTH.
Exactly. It's just like that the argument that has now been espoused by Dana Perino and not Guiliani -- and I'm sure others -- that there was no terrorist attacks on U.S. soil under Dubya's watch. It's been said over and over. Now, these two may be right if it was a planned attack by the CIA, as I've heard some espouse. What is the truth? Well, in our highly propagandistic government, who knows? One thing is for sure, I believe nothing that comes from the Obama Administration anymore than I did from the Bush Administration.
In any case, I tend to listen, and believe what I hear from people like Messrs. Black and Spitzer, and of course, Warren, because it jibes with what I see going on around me out there in the real world. Plus the fact that Wall Street's incredible rebound makes no sense at all.
"Plus the fact that Wall Street's incredible rebound makes no sense at all."
Kind of makes one wonder if the stock market isn't being "juiced" with taxpayer money.
Is the Fed Juicing the Stock Market?
>>Exactly. It's just like that the argument that has now been espoused by Dana Perino and not Guiliani -- and I'm sure others -- that there was no terrorist attacks on U.S. soil under Dubya's watch.<<
One little bitty problem with that notion -- 9-11 happened under Bush2's watch.
Gary
AIG changed it's name to Farmers in my State. They just went down the hole, and Alice wont find them for 3 years.
Eliot Spitzer for President!
-30-
Nomi Prins for head of SEC enforcement and Michael Hudson for chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisors!
Poet
/sarcasm on
Elito Spitzer has no credibility. He paid for sexual services.
/sarcasm off
you see the mug on that guy...of course he had to pay!
Whatever his past moral failings were, Eliot Spitzer has the known reputation of someone who took on and successfully prosecuted and jailed Wall Street crooks. What will be most fun is to listen to whatever rationalizations those who are "the powers that be" have for not releasing such emails and making them available to the owners of AIG, the American people.
Almost as much fun will be listening to explanations of why, in light of the disclosures about the role of the FED ordering AIG to suppress the details about its payments to banks during the finnacial crisis, the three trustees appointed to administer the public's majority ownership stake of AIG are all former FED officials.
As I read this ultimatum it occured to me that Eliot Spitzer may, as a well-informed expert and journalist, be more of a headache to the financially corrupt in power than he ever was as either the Attorney General or Governor of New York. In his current position Spitzer gets to pose the questions others are either too distracted, too frightened, or too muzzled to ask.
Wouldn't it be marvelous if Spitzer, in true Phoenix-like fashion, became the scourge all the Wall Street crooks feared he would be if allowed to remain in political power? In the hands of the right person, truly the pen is mightier than the sword and can realign the skewed scales of justice.
Poet
It would be poetic justice. I hope it happens.
Something bizarre about the only public official going after Wallstreet shenanigans WHEN IT MATTERED being turned over to the IRS for call-girl-payments BY HIS BANK.
Before the financial crisis hit the fan, Spitzer was investigating AIG. As I recall it revolved more around setting up offshore non-insurance insurance schemes to help corporations avoid taxes and collusion where insurance companies divided up business and only pretended to compete, aka price fixing.
All while AIG's Hank Greenberg was at the NY Fed raising up the young-un, Timmy.
If you were Rahm Emanuel or Timothy Geithner what would make you sweat? Worse than the threat of embarassment or losing office would be the thought that you would be so discredited you could not even hold down a private sector job or that you might face criminal prosecution. I think what Geithner has done is criminal--who is going to prosecute him?
I am sure that Rahm Emanuel and Timothy Geithner have been guaranteed millions of dollars in consultant fees when they leave office.......That seems to be the system that is currently in place to preserve and protect the "Corporate Elite".
I commend Eliot Spitzer for still trying to find the bad guys....Whatever happened to those SEC investigations that were being handled out of the offices at World Trade Center #7?
Emaunuel or Geithner, I'd sweat when I relized that little red dot (lazer scope) was focused between my eyes. Nobody's going to prosecute these criminals. It may be time for a November moment. Lamp posts are just about the right height. The Russian aristocracy learned their lessons the hard way. Perhaps it's time for ours to learn theirs. Tim and Rahm, get ready. Keep fucking us and you'll get yours. The people you believe are your slaves will get their fair slice of your asses.
The internal emails I want to see are Goldman Sachs, the firm that primarilly engineered the crisis by packaging corrupted MBS bonds, selling them, and then shortselling the hell out of the only index used to provide the mandated mark-to-market valuation of those bonds. The very rapid downfall in the valuation of those bonds immediately effected mortgage company balance sheets and hence their levels of debt and credit lines (and those companies were having their stock attacked by massive illegal shortselling that drove their market capitalization into the ground). For most, credit lines were immediately revoked (often by companies affiliated by Sachs or Sachs itself) and margin calls demanded. That killed many mortgage writers like Countrywide, which Sachs, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, etc., scooped up at pennies on the dollar--which was the plan from the outset. What Sachs and its conspirators didn't count on was their actions causing an implosion of the global credit markets. Yes, the FED was responsible for the housing bubble, but it was Sachs's actions that burst it--actions that were surely premediatated, which could be proven through evidencial discovery.
AIG/Valic has its own set of problems, but it was only a minor player in generating the crisis and is now being set-up as the patsy. The #1 Shark is Goldman Sachs and the other broker-dealers that "managed" to "survive" the crisis.
So beware of having your attention diverted from the "man" behind the cutain as that's exactly what Spitzer and company are trying to do.
Don't be nice to any of the managers at AIG, especially in the derivitives branch. Jim Cramer on the "Mad Money show on Dec 22, 2008 stated that most of the early money that AIG received in the TARP bail-out went to banks in Europe. We would learn later that most of that money was used to pay off credit default swaps. It should be infuriating that so few members of Congress are calling for more investigations. One story that has popped up is that Geithner wasn't aware of any decision to create a cover-up. If that is the case it's a lose-lose situation for him. He was the head of the FED in New York and should have known where approx 80 billion dollars would go. If he knew and is now attempting more cover-up, he should be canned. I would also volunteer Ben Bernanke for a kick out the door and have him share a cell with Bernie Madoff.
where is our "change to belive in"?
release the CHANGE
Scanning over articles I stopped and shuttered seeing "Spitzer". I knew it would be a good article. Oh how I wish this story would finally get out, that they'd be exposed. But what are we to do when the line of protection is the CIA and FBI?
Too few people across America understand this Spitzer's mission. He knows the enemy, he knows how they operate and who is protecting them.
I'm sure this AIG thing is so insane it plays out like fiction. Its got to be mind blowing.
This Progressive, Liberal wants to thank Eliot Spitzer for his amazing tenacity and good works. May you never tire and so many of us sit and wait baited breath for day those who prey upon us are exposed and justice is served on this cartel.
Again, thank you.
I completely agree with you. His tenacity is the cause of his being turned in for paying a prostitute.
Read the 03-11-08 WSJ article on Spitzer and know why he was targeted.
About 6 months later Wall Street begins to unravel.
Let's see. Because of Wall Street's frauds the country went bankrupt causing world-wide economic turmoil, throwing millions out of their homes and causing millions to be unemployed. Then there is Spitzer paying a prostitute. Which one did the most harm?
Well, we know who Wall Street thought was the worser of the two in 03 of 08.
Wall Street knew the attention span of this puritan-yet-sex-craved nation. More's the pity. Spitzer was the guy in the white hat.
It's my understanding that AIG was in trouble for years before they fell/got caught. I don't know if it's true, but I heard that people waited for claims checks for months and months. Rumor was that AIG waited for money to come in before checks were written.
I'd like to add my support for this request.
OK Eliot, you have served your ten minute major for misconduct. It's time for you to hook up with someone like Gregg Palast and start laying bare the crimes of these corporate rats! Seeing that Congress isn't going to do it, a colaboration between you and Mr. Palast would probably be the most in depth investigation the American people could expect into what led to the countries financial meltdown. It's time for somebody to start kicking ass and taking names on behalf of the American people. I hope both of you will consider it!
"If we understand the failure of AIG, we will more fully understand the crisis - what caused it and more importantly how to prevent it from happening again."
Spitzer is of course one of the elites who promotes the fairy tales to the public, to try to confuse us, ultimately to enslave us.
He understands the crisis but he isn't allowed to confirm that to the public, which has access to the truth, but fails to embrace the truth because of its opiate dependence on the elite establishment, a.k.a., Sugar Daddy.
Everyone knows that Darth Viper's winks/nods during 2001 unleashed a speculation bonanza unparalleled in history. Commodities, energy, (un)real estate, and the finance-warez cooked up for no benefit whatsoever to the REAL economy and REAL people, all went ballistic in an absolute regulatory void.
The rightwingers forget about this regulatory void as they try to bury its spectacular destruction. Even though, the void STILL EXISTS TODAY under the left-side-of-extreme-right Demoks. Add amnesia to their many afflictions. But please vote for them again and again and again! Sugar Daddies and Sugar Mommas!
"Spitzer is of course one of the elites who promotes the fairy tales to the public, to try to confuse us, ultimately to enslave us."
Actually, Spitzer is a whistle blower. Give the man some credit.
FDR said,
"there are 2 ways of viewing the government's duty,
the 1st sees to it that a favored few are helped and hopes that some of their
prosperity will leak through, sift through, to labor, to the farmer, to the
small business man. That theroy belongs to the party of Torism, and I had hoped
that most of the Tories left this country in 1776."
A more appropriate title might be "Tip of the Scheisseberg".
good to see spitzer boy back in the game. amazing, isn't it, that among all these financial scandals, the folks in new york sent him packing. only in the puritan u.s.a. would such a thing happen. it woud be like cashiering ike before d-day because of kate summerby. republican david vtter, i notice, is still the senator from louisaina, despite his repeated trysts with prostitutes. and ensign still sails the senatorial desert of nevada, throwing hush money as the sands and cacti will allow. and, if you're a known killer, like bush or mcchrystal, people will deem you a fine fella, and slap your back. better a torturer or mad bomber than someone with an outsized libido. we like to grow 'em mean over here in the usa. now, if spitzer had just killed his opponenet in octagonal cage submission fighting.....
Well, the Shapiro crook head of the SEC just answered.
The SEC has announced TODAY that all AIG e-mails are SEALED until 2018.
FUCKING FABULOUS! What a monstrous, in-your-face bunch of assholes!
<|endofexample|>
Let Your Life Be a Counter-Friction to Stop the Machine
I.
photo: Saint Huck%?"
This is more preparation for the already in-motion depopulation of the planet Earth.
When the 99% are approaching the annihilation point, and starving, desperate actions will begin.
The "insurgency", "civil war", and "raging anger" will be met with deadly force and the "useless eaters" will be eliminated.
This won't stop till the population of the planet is back at about two billion peasants serving the 1% who hold all the means of sustenance.
Mark my words.
MEL
Melenns, a few minutes ago I commented with words similar to yours on yesterday's post "Someday I Want to Own a Yacht."
When George H. "Daddy" Bush was defeated in his bid for a second term he announced he was going to dedicate the rest of his life to solving the most serious threat to mankind -- population growth. This, he said, had been the great motivating force of his entire life.
Those of us who wrote him off as a bungling fool, as a man without convictions who in his obsession to stop population growth went ahead and had 5 or 6 kids -- we were the fools. He was not talking about reducing births.
Bush and those like him, his fellow corporate-crimminal despots, are aware of the destruction being done to mother earth. They too want to leave a more beautiful planet to their privileged descendants. For them, just under 2 billion slaves is probably manageable. That means about 5 billion human beings have to go.
That is what we are up against.
We have now seen the NEW WORLD ORDER that Bush 41 always talked about, and 99% of us are on our way to the bottom if we are not already there.
And forget the civil war. In order to have a civil war you need two sides that are somewhat closely matched. The US military has more firepower and other military infrastructure than the militaries of all other nations combined. A civil war, if it ever started, would end in minutes.
When he returns from Hawaii, Obama will sign his NDAA that subjects Americans to be apprehended by military, denied due process, and shipped to gulags at home and abroad.
raydelcamino, as for civil war, you're right, and we should all hope it never comes to that.
Civil wars haven't had a good track record, no matter what the circumstances, because even when the names change and the death and destruction are over, the same sort of people seem to wind up on top again.
At this moment humanity seems to be entering an era unlike anything experienced before. Up to now, great, violent change has been confined to specific areas, but the current crisis is befalling the entire planet, and it's doubtful any small clique will be able to keep the lid on and stave off disaster for themselves, as well as for the rest of us, without a more equitable political arrangement and some redistribution of wealth.
After completing their monumental, multi-volume history of the world, the Durants were asked the simplistic "What are the lessons of history?" I can only remember two: 1) inflation is continual and 2) wealth concentrates and must be redistributed at intervals if the game is to go on. Hopefully this happens before the losers kick over the poker table and the fight starts.
Violent change cannot continue to be "confined to specific areas" because the 1% have more resources to use against the 99% than they ever had before. Just as the Mexican police and military will never match the fire power of the drug lords, there is no government anywhere in the world that can match the firepower of the 1%.
"Just as the Mexican police and military will never match the fire power of the drug lords"
Maybe the various local drug cartels outgun the local poltizi in any one area, but they are vastly inferior in manpower AND weaponry compared to the Mexican military, which can bring to focus thousands of troops and weapons to a threat. Its all about money, control and a weak central govt. The reality is that the Mexican state has been in low level civil war and rebellion since its inception, they never consolidated their central power.
Ha!!! that was good ...great explanation.
If the goal is depopulation then why are the republicans so against any sort of population control -- birth control, abortion, etc.?
If you look back into the history of various countries, you find the citizens reaching the edge of the cliff, and having to decide whether to meekly topple over, or turn around and fight for their lives. It's pretty obvious we're being shoved to the edge of that cliff, and "they"'re preparing in advance for when that life or death decision is reached. We've only begun the journey to the edge. There's still a long way to go, and a whole lot more suffering to endure along the way. But rest assured, we will get there, eventually.
The greatest secret they have to keep under lock is Global Warming.
If the public figures that one out -- and its imminent threat -- it will be over.
Climate change is hardly a secret. The only flaw in this magificent piece was that the author didn't acknowledge what you also don't want to admit--that while there is a global elite calling the shots, they are aided by that 1/3 of the public that always supports the Right, and my that 90% that won't do anything until everyone else does. It IS true that the public has no idea how serious the climate crisis is.
Perhaps it's FINALLY time to "occupy" the sidewalks in front of corporate officers houses and the sidewalks in front of their churches among other places. Confront them with specific things such as "XXXXX Kills Children in Somecountry by discharging chemicals into local water supplies" or "XXXX is a mass murderer - His company _______________"
Let these scumbags feel public shame... let them explain to their children why people are calling them murderers and criminals... Shame them to the point that they won't appear in public. Call them out. Send them massive mailings from as many real people as possible indicting them of their crimes against humanity. Take out full page newspaper ads detailing their crimes.
Holding a sit-in in front of a police line does little to nothing other than play the game by the rules THEY define.
Agree re occupying their personal space -- but you won't create "shame" ...
Rather it will be more like outrage and retaliation.
Corporate executives have private police forces AND the "public" police AND the military working for them. My son-in-law works for an outfit that provides 24/7 security for corporate executives and he tells me its a rapidly growing industry. Show up at the entrance to their gated communities and the police line will be there in a New York minute.
Right. No one sits in "in front of a police line"--rather they choose appropriate targets and shortly the police arrive to protect the elite.
Yeah, they just tried this approach in Eugene, with predictable results:
HB ---- the only problem with your suggestion is that these people are psychopaths.
They cannot feel shame. They have no conscience. They will simply continue in their drive to dominate. Shame is not a concept that they comprehend. dh
There is an alternate interpretation of the facts reported here about arming local police departments. They used to carry 0.38 cal revolvers, which were not as effective in dropping an assailant as the 9mm Glock automatics which most of them carry now.
Thanks to the gun culture in this country, assault rifles seem to be proliferating. So even with a Glock, what cop would want to go up agains a guy with an assault rifle?
Just a few weeks ago, where I live (in south central IN) the police went to a house to serve an arrest warrent. When they went to the basement where the guy was, he started shooting at them with an assault rifle. They were pinned down in the basement for several hours. By the time the incident was over, several police departments and the state police had men there, along with at least one swat team.
That is the kind of thing police in lots of places face these days. Who would begrudge them weapons at least as lethal as those carried by the "perps?"
Congress purposely didn't renew the assault weapons ban in 2004 in order to enhance the military industrial complex's weapon sales. Assault weapons don't "seem to be proliferating", they ARE everywhere in the US, play a part in most high-profile shootings (think Virginia Tech and Congresswoman Giffords, for example) and have continued to be one of the strongest US exports. Why do you think things are so bad in Mexico? Mexico is overrun with US-supplied assault weapons.
Everything you wrote is correct. But what I wrote is also correct. We are writing about different things. The local cops where I live (south of Indianapolis) are often out-gunned by the guys running meth labs. The fact that the weapons the cops are now getting can be used to pacify crowds does not change that.
SHEEP: Your apologia for uniformed authority figures in no way explains:
1. The tank (and other military gear, like drones)
2. The camps
Nice try at setting up a new martial equivalence, and/or lowering the bar on those indignities which a so-called free society will be obliged to tolerate.
That is what I would call an extreme but exceptional case. The reason I say this is that I have seen one too many individuals bringing up stories like this and such stories are usually a slippery slope towards justifying ruthless cops using bigger guns against defenseless citizens. One question to ask oneself is this. How many citizens who are arrested out of a 100 would carry anything close to an assault rifle? And what do cops really stand to gain by carrying assault rifles and dangerous chemicals to be used against protesters trying to fight for a better today and tomorrow especially when those same cops might have had a better career to go for had our system been more geared towards peace rather than war and aggression?
This is what they face these days? But in the real world, crime rates have been going down. Do you really believe the cops in Fargo need tanks to do drug busts? What an interesting name you've chosen, sheepherder
"But obviously the Homeland Security crowd was already thinking ahead and planning for a time when such armor and weapons would be necessary to “maintain security” and “uphold law and order” on the home front."
Is it really too much of a leap to imagine that the government is reacting to events that it is projecting may happen? Could it be that the government has done studies of the future economies, populations, environmental crises, food and water scarcities, migration pressures, and internal strife caused by all these factors? Do we really believe that the various global pressures that are steadily mounting will just be taken care of and we will simply adjust to what comes? (I know, many still do).
We will adjust in some regards but the severity of problems caused by 7 billion people (and rapidly rising) may very well overtake all efforts that our cleverness can muster. And isn't it prudent and wise to consider that our system is not very resilient and start preparing ourselves and our communities?
..."
I like this and appreciate the author's courage in stating her feelings. Not too many have the courage to get out of their heads for even a short while and check in with the deeper part of their nature - their feelings. Anyway, it speaks to me in a different way than, "I think," or "I believe," or "I know." Bravo!
We better hope climate change makes humans extinct before the 1% tortures and kills off the rest of us.
The !% have had too much help from the 99% in moving us toward human extinction that a revolutions late (wouldn't succed anyway); only a global catastrophe of some sort now might prevent extinction a bit later (100yrs max!) I'm just afraid we haven't learned, never do; need DNA upgrade; calling all Aliens!
TED: Your post is reasonable and sensible. However, it turns the issue in question to one primarily hinged upon population numbers as opposed to:
1. Unfair laws, and a progressive cutting of civil liberties
2. Slanted distribution that's insured that the upper 1% receive a highly disproportionate share of collective resources & privileges
3. The overall emphasis on control of citizens (in such items as spying on emails, pre-emptively infiltrating "Leftist" events, and upping the ante on punishing whistle blower)
In other words, your post attempts to turn these controls into benign care & concern for citizens. That is NOT the objective, although it's certainly the pretext.
Siouxrose: My post was incomplete and I can see how it could be misconstrued. That does not mean I attempted to turn the controls into benign care. The government is behaving as power behaves and I am not attaching any more meaning to it than that.
What I meant is that the government is fully aware of all the events that are conspiring to hit us (as many already have) and is reacting to those events, real or perceived. That they over-react is the nature of power, especially when it senses that things may get out of hand and that its existence is threatened.
The issues you enumerated are true, but the fact is that 7 billion people (and growing - let's not forget this) have a huge impact on everything. I'm not trying to implicate the 7 billion, just pointing out the levered effect of that many people.
In short, my intent was, and is, to shed some light on the government's reasoning and why they may be turning up the heat. Part of it is that they feel threatened. The other part is out of a sense of paternalistic "care" on their part (not that I believe it is good).
On the third paragraph, I disagree that all 7 billion people are at fault. Each nation is different and even within nations, usage of resources varies.
Jennifer: I didn't fault anyone. Can we please leave the word "fault" in our pockets for a little while and see the larger picture?
Seven billion people (and rapidly growing) is a huge number. Most of those people want to be like you and me, and many of those are becoming like you and me. I'm not passing judgment on the 7 billion people, I'm simply pointing out a driving factor in the pressures this poor little planet is feeling and the effect that 7 billion hungry people have. And if it's only 3 billion people who are the main cause, then it's 3 billion people. My point is that we have a huge problem and a large part of the solution lies with dealing with population...and, yes, with our consumption and waste.
The rest of my point is in my response to Siouxrose.
Ted, thank you for clarifying. It makes more sense now although I have no way of knowing for sure as to how many of the 7b people are hungry and the extent to which they are hungry. Learning to be less materialistic and practicing it in my daily life, I have come to prefer prevention and training for all strategies more than the "feed the poor" bandaid "solutions". I would never tell the poor to be less materialistic btw.
Excellent article. The reference to Threau is also reminiscent of the impassioned speech that was given by Mario Savio during the Free Speech movement on the campus of the Univ. of California at Berkeley:
"Bodies upon the gears"." Sproul Hall Steps, December 2, 1964
Agreed, excellent article, one definitely worth passing around! Quite appropriate to invoke Thoreau here, whose ideas inspired Gandhi, who in turn had an influence on Rev.MLK and others. Also, powerful quote in your comment from the "Bodies upon the gears" speech. There's this cartoon I once came across, where Gandhi is saying to Martin Luther King, "The funny thing about assassins, Dr. King, is that they imagine they've killed you!"
The oligarchy's pro-life plan is to breed more workers. Their pro-death plan is to kill workers when they are no longer productive.
Considering how badly the pro-life crowd treats the fetus after it is born, the model parallels that of poultry and hog operations.
The elite want to turn the citizen into a consumer. And replace the citizen with their new-born son named Corporate citizenship. This new citizen will receive all the rights and protections that his daddy Wall Street can buy for him. We citizens just become one more consumer on the road to globalization.
Hoa binh
It is impossible to over react to the necrophilia being inflicted on the earth and all it populations human, animal and plant by the useless 1% and stupid thugs who work for them in armies and police forces. I have heard so many unable to understand the insanity of it all and the only person I know who has addressed the full measure of it is Mary Daly especially in Gyn/Ecology.
Seals are now dying from radiation sickness in Alaska while Obama pushes power plants in South America, Republicans are trying to take down the head of the Nuclear Regulatory Agency because he actually wants to regulate though they need to all be dismantled. Scientists taking a brid flu that didn't infect humans and engineering it to kill humans. Brilliant! And now complaining they are being prohibited from sharing information on how to do this. The US pushing for War in Iran, the Tar Sands, the deep water destruction and the load of radioactive crap heading for the West Coast. I could go on and on.
Greed isn't enough of an explanation, a poisoned environment will kill without notice of bank accounts. No, only the necrophiliac religion that is patriarchy, fueled and powered by technological capitalism, can explain the sheer sadistic madness of the sadistic madmen who rule the planet and have always hated women and nature, a suicidal hatred. The machine is the monster built by patriarchy, Mary Shelly first oracle of feminism, Mary Daly most important seer.
I hear you Artemix, but the concepts you raise are highly threatening (and alien) to the majority of male (and a few female) posters. It's a shame, really, as they think all the things that ail society can be changed through the political and economic arenas. I've been recommending Riane Eisler lately, but you're right, Mary Daly is another excellent source.
Peace.
Sioux, how can the rest of us, lacking your spiritual and psychic powers, be sure which posters are male and female? For a long time I believed you were a Nordic male in S. Dakota posing as a Native American female shaman in Florida.
I don't know what to think anymore.
I admit you know the regulars here better than I, but apart from trolls, I haven't come across many commenters who seemed threatened by anything but corporate dictatorship and environmental catastrophe. The progressive humanism here doesn't seemed confined to politics and economics either.
I could be wrong. Or you could be losing your mind. Are you okay?
Have some posters been mean to you while I've been gone?
I am sure I speak for other CD posters in saying that we see many friends, acquaintances and strangers losing their minds slowly as they continue to deny what is very apparent. Although posting our most recent observations on CD is often as painful for us as it is for many readers, we hope the fact-based information we attempt to convey will set us all free and prove to be the preferred alternative to succumbing to emotion-based groupthink.
As long as Sioux's and other posters comments continue to inspire, the characteristics of posters should continue to be left to the imaginations of all CD readers.
Very well said. I wholeheartedly agree that we must all do our best to stick to debating the facts and not allow anything to get personal lest a discussion ever get heated to the point of turning into a war zone. I appreciate reading your thoughtful posts. Thank you and happy new year.
I'd like to weigh in on this and I am going to try not to implicate any single individual.
There are many good people here, though, I really wish we could all just come out of our closets and use our real names. Trust goes a long way toward keeping some civility and honesty. Having said that, we are all feeling the heat of a frigged-up situation. These are truly Orwellian times and it's hard to know who to trust. And through all this, is it any wonder that we would contradict ourselves at times or seem confused or say things that don't really come out right?
What I'm saying is that if the Left ever truly wants to have a hint of a prayer, we have to stop beating the shit out of each other for being human. We have to learn patience and respect. That doesn't mean we have to like each other or agree with everything others say, but I see many on the Left as being self-righteous absolutists. And these people share my beliefs!
Trust is a tenuous thing, even more so in tenuous times. How can we ever expect to get anywhere if we don't do the things that build trust?
Again, I'm not saying this in response to anyone in particular, just that your post, GollyGee, seemed like a good point to insert my nose.
Rant over.
..." though, I really wish we could all just come out of our closets and use our real names."
"Trust is a tenuous thing, even more so in tenuous times."
Irony check! Or something darker...?
Irony? Don't think so. It's merely a positive feedback loop either way, and we can build trust or continue to tear it down.
Something darker? Not in this case, but the feeling is understandable. The format here is not amenable to communicating privately, which would go a long way toward building some real trust. A few posters here have decided to post with our real names in the open. In my case, it tends to keep me honest and less snarky. And by the way, if you think posting with a pseudonym keeps you hidden from the baddies, you're fooling yourself. If Anonymous can hack into "secure" sites, so can the government.
Oh well, not my problem.
I agree that posting with a pseudonym does not guarantee privacy. It is somewhat questionable that if everyone were to sign on with real names the baddies would go. You make a good case for the need to sign up with real names to minimize rudeness as much as possible.
I have seen some posters on various forums ask for requiring people to post with their real names. I have no problem with that myself as I chose to post with my real name. Furthermore, I believe that it could put the issue of "multiple signups" to rest. However, since I also respect people's rights to privacy, I can only assume that people want to speak out and contribute but are afraid that outsiders such as their employers, certain relatives, or even pols themselves will look them up all too easily and use that knowledge against them.
As for "communicating privately", someone told me that there used to exist a "hidden" option for doing so once signed on. I never saw it myself. It could help build trust or maybe not. I find it best to try to keep conversations polite even on disagreements. I cannot guarantee that it will automatically help build trust but it should keep the tensions down at the very least.
"And for that epic confrontation—if it ever occurs—officers can now summon a new $256,643 armored truck, complete with a rotating turret.”
That's a tank which only needs a suitable weapon in the turret.
I wonder how well it would work as a bookmobile? Would the rotating turret be a good reading nook?
Security from what? Security for whom?
Leo Tolstoy had a theory that the primary reason a country keeps a standing army is to protect the government from the people.
Good critique, but it seems to me that the proper word would be friction, not "counter-friction". Counter-friction would be lubrication. I know the phrase goes back to Thoreau's civil disobedience, but it is awkward as is the original essay in this particular metaphor. If anyone can offer a clear logical account of the segment of Thoreau's argument from friction to counter-friction, I would be impressed. Seems better to use clear contemporary language and un-muddled metaphors.
Also, does this actually mean the writer is refusing to pay taxes or just asking others to do so. This is the most powerful tool available to stop the machine, but easier to propose than exemplify. Only a massive tax revolt stands a chance of bringing down the corporate military empire of the 1%. But where is the unity, where are the leaders, where is the support system?
"We stand at a crossroads. Each of us must make up our own minds, in our own time. How much longer will we continue to docilely feed the machine our tax dollars, and march peacefully where they lead us?"
I think the point was more like this: As a part owner of your government, through the payment of your taxes, don't you think you should "march" like you own it?
Second, because the Fed is a private-public partnership, with the major banks essentially owning the right to print US Dollars sans constraints, if the IRS didn't receive a dime for 2012, the banks would just continue to tally up those Debt-Notes called US Dollars, and fire up those printing presses in response (and vigorously implement the US provisions of the NDAA soon to be signed by our President into law.)
In other words, the fastest way for the masses to live in 1940 Germany, as the author describes, would be for the masses to stop paying taxes.
I'm afraid you're right about the tax revolt not having any immediate impact but in the long term it will scare away 80% of the nations with whom we trade (China, Japn, Korea, Canada and others we run a trade deficit with and pay with US Treasury notes). Eventually, the 1% will find that it will hurt. A massive tax revolt will leave the IRS with inadequate personnel for enforcement. If the wage earner claims a high no. of deductions and cuts his withholding to a minimum, he doesn't have to file a return because he'll won't get a refund. I think the tax revolt idea along with the consumer refusing to buy anything but necessities, driving less, cutting off cable TV and cell phones is bound to have a marked effect. These are the only tools we have to fight the 1%. Let 'm drink oil!
<|endofexample|>
(ARA) - As parents and kids fall back into their daily routines, it’s important to be as prepared as possible with new shoes, pencils, notebooks and more. But there’s one more thing that’s just as essential when it comes to achieving a successful day at school: breakfast, the most important meal of the day.
There’s a good chance, however, that even though 89 percent of moms want their kids to eat breakfast every morning, according to the Kellogg’s Breakfast In America Survey, they may not realize that their kids may not always be getting all the essential nutrients that growing bodies need. Enter the breakfast dynamic duo: cereal and one cup of milk. Together, this simple combination is the perfect way to make sure children get a great-tasting and nutritious breakfast they’ll love. A bowl of Kellogg’s cereal plus one cup of milk provides protein and can help close the gap on the four “nutrients of concern” most likely to be lacking in kids’ diets: fiber, calcium, vitamin D and potassium.
<|endofexample|>
06 July 2012 15:56:57Regulators and campaigners have secured a victory for consumers, after 12 airlines agreed to stop adding debit card surcharges at the end of the booking process. The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) made the announcement yesterday (July 5th) after obtaining a commitment from Aer Lingus, BMI Baby, Eastern Airways, easyJet, Flybe, German Wings, Jet2, Lufthansa, Ryanair, Thomas Cook, Thomson (TUI) and Wizz Air. The move means passengers who wish to pay by debit card will no longer have an unpleasant surprise just seconds before completing their transaction.
<|endofexample|>
At Joomlashack, new products have been the name of the game this summer. Last newsletter we had 4 slick new designs, and now there is Cascada and Lifestream - a new extension to display multiple social network feeds on your Joomla site. If that wasn’t enough, did you know Joomlashack now has Drupal and WordPress templates? The all-you-can-eat developer club is getting more and more attractive!
<|endofexample|>
updated copyright year
Remove code-duplication in fsl-util.4th vs. fsl-util.fs. Also install fsl-util.fs .
Bench macht auch fft-bench
Android floating point stuff
Fixes for Windows
Gforth on Android native including install
Added terminal server as socket example
Library prefix is libgf for non-conflicting names
Added lib prefix to library files
Android library build
Makefile changes to compile libraries
Slightly improved $substitute to allow arguments on the stack
Better separation of different architectures on the same machine
Added -> recognizer to replace TO and IS
Added ." recognizer
Added postpone test, added smartdots.fs to list of sources
Build process for Android improved
Added --with-arch option to install a Gforth with a specific suffix - allows non-conflicting install with 32 and 64 bits. All non-arch files are shared with the two installs
Getting closer to Android libcc.fs support
Gforth for Android
package into the right place for install directories
Cross-compile tag installation
Debian distribution creation
Fixed last bug in threading
Include Lm32 assembler&gforth-ec support when building distribution tarballs
updated copyright years
better tested quotations
moved kernel_fi install place to libdir
Renamed kforth into gforthker, added better heuristics on head?
Added a kforth script to do the doc generation in a cross compiling environment
Cross compilation made simpler - Android example works
Fixed static superinstruction generation
Workaround broken --no-dynamic to build Gforth even though
Recognizer included
added str-exec.fs to distributed files
Moved installdir definitions above users. Bug report by Zbigniew Baniewski
Gforth now also builds and installs without emacs (untested). Bug report by Gerald Wodni
updated copyright years
Changed path.fs to use string.fs to fix buffer overflow bug
Added files for OpenSuSE build service
keep envos.fs from being included in distribution tarballs.
add mips/check_prim.c to the list distributed sources
added ARM disassembler (contributed by Andreas Bolka) some fixes in the ARM assembler (contributed by Andreas Bolka) ARM assembler and disassembler are now distributed FCOPYSIGN now works with the strangely ordered floats on ARM
C-based EC improved a lot
updated copyright years
added test and compat files for ]] ... [[ (macros.fs) optimized postpone-literal and friends
started on prelude concept preludes can be built, but are not yet performed
comment for r1.444: CVS files are now no longer installed. The remaining use of CVSDIRS was for installing directories, so that part was renamed and cleaned up.
Makefile.in
Merged Aleksej's makefile cleanups
updated copyright years; related changes in administrative files
Common idiom for makefile.dos/os2
Moved blank file into distributabe sources
Moved r8c no_dist files to dist files
Added errors.fs file in arch/r8c to distrubited files
added .DELETE_ON_ERROR target for better behaviour on build errors
Fixed typo for make uninstall
install.TAGS bugfix set special skipcode for power architecture to work with gcc-3.[34]
worked around HP/UX awk limitations by replacing awk script with gforth script put some workarounds for specific boxes into testall and testdist
Fixed vmgen problem
Fixed a few more builddir and other issues Improved testall and testdist (only partially tested)
Fixed various bugs related to builddir!=srcdir prims2x0.6.2.fs is now installed avoid extra make for check updated testdist and testall
The libcc-named stuff is now build before checking (it's not a check) The libcc-named stuff is only built and installed if libtool exists
Makefile bugfix fixed some portability issues for MIPS fixed some portability issues for old platforms
Fixed unused Makefile macros
re-enabled installation of vmgen updated NEWS.vmgen NEWS.vmgen.future contains stuff that's not yet for NEWS.vmgen (not installed)
now the use of MKDIR-PARENTS in libcc is tested
Moved mkdir.fs to the normal sources (no longer a libcc.fs based file)
Added Aleksej's Makefile patch
added cstr.fs mkdir.fs C interface files
more Solaris portability fixes
another Solaris portability fix
fixed documentation bugs
Only those libcc files are processed for which the libraries exist
The Makefile now uses an EMACS variable Eliminated most compilation warnings
install gforth.el, too (suggested by Aleksej Saushev <878wvgaatn.fsf@inbox.ru>)
Try to make old libffi.fs work again
distribute autogen.sh, too (Bug report from M. Edward (Ed) Borasky)
Fixed libtool invocation in Makefile for Mac OS X
anti-dependence of engine on kernel is now set by configure (if a preforth exists)
Cleanup of improved build process
Fixed build process.
Try to get C compiler with options to work
Fix for libcc.fs
Fix a few building bugs
fixed some bugs so "make install" works (DESTDIR still probably buggy)
builds .la files on install (untested and probably broken wrt DESTDIR) added check-libcc-named target and perform it on make check The libcc-path now also contains the common libcc-named directory reworked initialization of libcc to happen on every boot added MAKE-PATH (for making an empty path to paths.fs
Use make, not sh, variable interpolation syntax for bindir
Another use of PREFORTH
added missing (anti-)dependence
removed all references to local libltdl
Bugfix: make and make dist don't need pre-installed Gforth FORCE_REG_UNNECESSARY now defined automatically and used better documentation bugfix
make dist now also distributes libtldl (untested) added "make maintainer-clean" (untested, and without autogen.sh for libltdl) Various "clean" targets now also clean libtldl
added support for building with included libltdl missing: building with installed libltdl including ltdl in the distributed files
CPPFLAGS are now used by the Makefiles bugfix in libcc.fs OPEN-LIB now can open libraries without extension and the library's symbols become global libltdl from libtool-2.2 or higher required (will be included soon)
Made sure that a distribution is possible
BUILD-FROM-SCRATCH now uses autogen.sh realclean now also cleans directories
disabled automatic calling of gforth --diag
deleted bootstrap target (hopefully for good). 'make realclean' should now make it real clean
Fixed doc generating problem.
minor Makefile.in bugfix
Building on i386 works again
added some missing engine dependencies
make clean now removes the various $(OPT)-generated files removed some debugging output fixed some endless recursions
Now make automatically tries a set of OPT settings after another until one is found that works. This is a pretty bad hack.
Now we can use BUGGY_LONG_LONG again, as follows: make OPT=-noll OPTDEFINES= OPTOBJECTS=dblsub.o Minor bugfix
bugfix <2007Oct22.192528@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at> and cleanup
Added stack comments to complex.fs
Added glossary entries to regexp (but no documentation chapter)
DESTDIR is now not in the INCLUDED-FILES of the installed gforth.fi
install TAGS are now created correctly (untested).
OPEN-FILE with W/O no longer creates or truncates files (probably bugfix) compatibility file for old code missing Bugfix in Makefile.in
Inserted attribution and Copyright for ftester stuff into ttester.fs Include COPYING.LIB because of the ftester stuff
split test/ttester.fs off from test/tester.fs. added support for ftester-style approximate matching. added support for approximate matching on shared-stack systems (RXRX}T etc.).
gforth.el: changes for byte-compiling (from Darren Bane, see <>) Makefile.in: generate and install gforth.elc
minor fixes suggested by Aleksej Saushev
Don't try to distribute doc/texinfo.tex (deleted)
Bugfix for <> (mostly from Darren Bane)
enhanced 'make checkdoc'
checkone now doesn't compare #line lines removed debugging tracer in BUILD-FROM-SCRATCH
configure M4 automatically
m4 is now called throug make variable M4
added struct0x.fs to dist
Optimize ?BRANCH and friends with conbranch_opt (configure variable)
Some work on Gforth NXT last potential problem with line editing fixed
documentation changes Updates in Makefile.in to reflect newer autoconf usage Distribution and installation of libcc stuff libcc header files are now found automatically Disabled vmgen installation
added missing dependency documentation changes
libcc.fs is now in gforth.fi documentation changes
Some stuff to get closer to run Gforth on NXT
C-based Gforth EC starts to work
added new files to make dist
changed benchmarking code (use Gforth instead of GNU time) more assembler comment syntax variants
added missing dependency for running autoheader
Removed stupid machpc.fs regeneration in Makefile.in
make dist patch from Josh Message-ID: <20070301220740.GA32518@qualdan>
added new files to package nicer onebench output
more changes for SELinux black magic
Started with Gforth EC NXT
updated copyright years
ans-report.fs now reports CfV extensions
updated Makefile.ins with engine/longlong.h dependencies
Integrated and documented the PowerPC assembler.
Makefile: undid change requiring gforth-fast to build first other changes for packaging added POST_INSTALL etc. tags Updated NEWS files to 2006-05-07 minor documentation changes
Added texi2dvi[4a2ps] check Fixed maxdepth_.s glossary entry
Multitasker for R8C running light in background
moved chains.fs from KERN_SRC to EC_SRC
R8C files added to distribution
Build-ec setting at the right place
R8C data region cleanup build-ec execution flag set
Automatic fixpath Build script for EC
Small changes
dependence on envos.fs added
Environment OS from $host_os R8C changes Better output when there are no performance problems
Docdist improvement
Another small fix
Generate fast prim first
stamp-h dependency
added DESTDIR support (see Make manual or GNU standards) however, .INCLUDED is still wrong at the moment
make dist fixes in makefile problems with path separator on cygwin (now Unix-like again)
added compat/execute-parsing.fs
updated the copyright year on many files added FSF copyright header to complex.fs fft.fs regexp-test.fs regexp.fs added fsl-util.fs to update-copyright-blacklist
Added access words for wyde and tetrabyte (w/t@/!)
Added complex words and fft Added some floating point primitives "..."
renamed PARSE-WORD into PARSE-NAME added some test(dis)asm files to distribution
Added --diag switch
converted command-line editing to use xchars some bugfixes
updated copyright years for files changed in 2004
moved files without distribution terms from ARCHS to ARCHS_NO_DIST added test/deferred.fs (public domain) to update-copyright-blacklist
Fixed install for amd64
implemented deferred words proposal (and adapted documentation accordingly).
Added # as decimal prefix
disgdb.fs is now always compiled in and checks at run-time if it works
added dis-gdb.fs and related changes minor changes
added Athlon64 benchmark result added depth-changes.fs and hook for that in kernel/input.fs made ~~ work in interpret state documented clearstacks.
cleaned up exboot.fs (allowed by the SHIFT-ARGS change)
eliminated ARG# in favour of SHIFT-ARGS; related cleanups and doc changes
fixed some Makefile bugs
fixed gforth-native bug (branch target resolution) fixed "make dist" bug (arch/misc/optcmove.fs now included) Documentation changes
added make target primtest more primtests fixed some gforth-native bugs workaround for finish-code problem
activated gforth-native again some gforth-native bugfixes and changes
more work on stack caching
Now the _fast.i files are included for gforth-fast and gforth-native
factored out some generating stuff from the makefile into gfgen added rules for generating engine/*-fast.i (not used yet)
stack caching works now (at least for make check) the main change is to the optimize_... stuff in main.c also restricted static optimization area to basic blocks minor bugfixes
use @INSTALL_SCRIPT@
Applied NetBSD patches submitted by Hubert Feyrer
IA64 refinements (dynamic native code generation) ARM support (but FP is broken on the iPAQ, and icache flush is missing) made no_dynamic_default and skipcode configuration variables worked around fixed some minor bugs
added configure option --enable-prof
a bit Gforth EC work Changed Windows distribution to contain PDF instead of PostScript file
Added pdf target for the documents
added amd64 architecture changed some generic settings minor changes)
added callback stuff to fflib.fs removed legacy flag (different usage is sufficient)
made superinstructions compatible with conditional compilation of primitives (in Gforth; don't use conditional compilation in vmgen).
fixed Windows PATHSEP bug Makefile now tolerates ";" as PATHSEP eliminatd some warnings
Inclusion of ffcall stuff High level stuff missing
Some fixes to makedist and a few changes to wf.fs)
preparing for new approach to static superinstructions fixed bug in 386 disassembler (fucompp) minor cleanup
bugfix (paper format) added doc/vmgen.1 (contributed by Eric Schwartz)
updated version number documentation changes minor changes
updated copyright years
added copyright messages to a lot of files removed some obsolete or non-source files
bug workaround (cygwin signal blocking) minor changes
minor changes
minor changes
documentation installation updates
Documentation changes (new: The Input Stream (gforth), Stack growth direction (Vmgen)
minor fixes
updated ChangeLog and BUGS now gforth-itc is installed and uninstalled documentation changes
portability changes bugfixes in prims2x.fs, kernel/int.fs
fixed some portability bugs and other minor bugs
some changes for cygwin
replaced configure variable EXE with EXEEXT (provided by autoconf by default)
minor changes
added test cases for f>str-rdp
undid changes to copyright notices
Updated copyright notices Added stack effects to kernel/input.fs
eliminated all greedy static superinstruction stuff (we will use something else for static superinstructions eventually) eliminated PRIMTABLE PREPARE-PEEPHOLE-TABLE PEEPHOLE-OPT COMPILE-PRIM)
Made 4stack port of Gforth EC work again
Fixed look problem Added benchmarking of all engines
restored the old engine/prim_lab.i format (for vmgen compatibility) introduced engine/prim_grp.i for the new use
First inclusion of group-based primitive tokens (no reordering happend yet)
some fixes to make make dist work bugfixes to make building outside srcdir work minor prims2x.fs bugfix (for vmgen-ex) vmgen-ex[2] bugfix
made CODE and ;CODE work again
refined BUILD-FROM-SCRATCH
"make check" now checks all engines and some variations bugfix in forget-dyncode).
New file test/float.fs FROUND-OFFSET now defined without f** bugfix in signals (disabled SA_ONSTACK in most cases to allow graceful_exit).?
Getting ready for the Vmgen release New snapshot dates, various documentation changes, Makefile and configure fixes
prims2x.fs now outputs #line directives at the end of the user C code documentation changes
Documentation changes
vmgen documentation changes
documentation changes
added quotes.fs in Makefile.in
added regression test for signal on broken execute (not working on Linux-PPC) new error message and code for ticking compile-only words bug workaround for gforth binary (dynamic superinsts produced wrong code for ?dup-0=-branch).
fixed Makefile bugs (to get BUILD-FROM-SCRATCH running again)
Differentiate between threaded code and xts in gforth-ditc and in gforthmi
Added benchmark result (superinstructions) for 600 MHz Athlon Made cross work again with superinstructions (requires larger dictionary)
default dictionary size 1M cells machine-specific stuff for dynamic superinstructions is now in machine.h support for dynamic superinstructions for Alpha
added dynamic superinstructions (currently for direct threading on 386, without checking for other platforms)
Added tags generation for vi small changes on httpd for EuroForth paper Added navigation button generation via Gimp to wf Made nccomp from Lars Krueger work at least somehow
simpy inlclude startup.fs in prims2x if needed
cleanup, so BUILD-FROM-SCRATCH (should) works
BUILDFORTH more comment
minor changes
vmgen-related changes in Makefile fixed FORTHB/prims2x breakage removed lit_plus added peeprules.vmg as a place to put superinstructions testdist now also tests vmgen-ex
set of changes to use gforth0.5.0 to build right out of the cvs sources
Made peephole a configurable option
First steps to get peephole optimizing into cross
profiling now outputs subsequences
continued block profiling
good start at profiling for peephole optimization backtrace now also works for calls done with CALL
added C and primitive support for peeophole optimization
added test for COMPARE more peephole optimization stuff
fixed bug (?; might also be due to an Emacs change) in prim.TAGS generation. bugfix in alias? (length related) NEXTNAME can now also handle long names added FREE-MEM-VAR
bugfix (complete?): backtrace-rp0 now is restored in interpret process-file in prims2x.fs now takes two xts various other chnages in prims2x.fs
Improved Win32-based distribution (iss.sh generates a setup script for inno setup).
make bindist now makes sunsite-compliant package names updated lsm prims2x now works on the Alpha SEE now displays anonymous words as <###> (where ### is the xt) added CONST-DOES>
rewrote large parts of prims2x.fs to become more flexible (not restricted to 2 stacks, factored out common code for the stacks, etc.). Changes in other files to go with the prims2x.fs changes
Added new input handling (OO approach). Only available if capability new-input is true (so setting that to false in machpc.fs gets you the old input handling back).
make uninstall now deletes gforth-fast-$VERSION
add kernel.TAGS dependency and target in the Makefile
changed FSF address in copyright messages
updated copyright dates in many files (not in ec-related files)
bugfix (loadfilename# must be set before process-args) minor changes
fixed bug about directory in prim.TAGS (untested)
added initial ia64 support (thanks to Andreas Schwab)
Fixed #fill-bytes for nested inputs Improved font highlighting Dirty fix for exboot correction (for DOS)
fixed a bug updated BUGS file factored out .strings from .included
documentation changes snapshot work
Changed prim syntax to not make a difference between blanks and tabs. Stack effects are now surrounded by parentheses.
added 386 asm and disasm BUILD-FROM-SCRATCH work with previous version of Gforth (almost automatic)
Made make dist work again
fixed doc bugs
When building gforth.fi, there is now an exception frame after including exceptions.fs (through exboot.fs), providing decent error messages..
texinfo.tex from texinfo-4.0 various changes for texinfo-4.0 (which reports more bugs and warnings).
Added engine dependencies to main Makefile
Improved color highlighting Install new files, too Some corrections to httpd
Started cross compiler documentation Made 4stack, 8086, and MISC Gforth-EC work again
throw is now more well-behaved during initialization and before loading exceptions.fs
added support for generating html straight out of makeinfo (you need v4.0 for this, so it's commented out at the moment. Unlike texi2html, the html output from makeinfo is a single monolithic file; not too great..) Bug-fix (Well, I think so..) If you do a "make" and then "su root" and "make install" and then return to non-root, the install would leave 2 files in the source tree that were owned by root - very impolite. The files were: -- gforth.fi (I solve this problem by deleting gforth.fi after an install. I think gforth.fi after an install refers to the install directory so this is a good thing to do anyway) -- prim.TAGS (because "make all" doesn't generate prim.TAGS, but "make install" does, therefore it ends up being owned by root. I couldn't see a clean way to fix this in the Makefile. I'd use "chmod --reference" to just fix up the protection but this option is GNU-specific. My backup solution was to add TAGS to the list in the doc: target, which seemed reasonable/consistent).
took exception handling out of the kernel into exceptions.fs added inline exception handling (TRY...RECOVER...ENDTRY) added exception handling without affecting sp or fp (PROTECT...ENDPROTECT)
context is now a DEFERed word various small bugfixes
added name index to docs and support for info-lookup to gforth.el minor doc changes
added engine option --appl-image and gforthmi option --application minor objects.fs changes
bug fixes
gforth now produces exit code 1 if it has an error in batch processing make check is now less verbose
Added kernel/pass.fs
Dependencies: special.fs out, quotes.fs in
Changed FORTHPATH starting with ~+ instead of .
Changed -O4 to -O3, since that's the highest really supported optimization for GCC (O4 is undefined) Added i686 to configure file.
Added control of forth and c comments of new prims2x.fs.
FORTHK now uses $(ENGINE).
gforth (non-fast) now uses a plain threading scheme, making error positions more accurate minor changes
prepared for snapshot, fixed some buglets
moved signal handling into a new file signals.c minor changes to window size handling?)
Improved dump information for magic Added code in cross.fs to support new magic Fixed makefile problem with cp (cp -p to preserve date)
there is now a debugging version of the engine that maintains ip and rp in global variables (to allow backtrace on signals). The debugging engine is called gforth and the original engine is called gforth-fast.
fixed Makefile bug (engine/Makefile is now remade when necessary)
fixed siteinit.fs-related problems
Install process fixes for DOS and OS/2 EC primitive count fixed EC relocate problem fixed
doc/gforth.txt is not included in the dist adjusted man page
fixed a few small problems (mainly with bindist)
Fixed Makefile.in for empty emacssitelispdir variable
fixed some bugs and problems
new solution for make dist fixed a bug in generating magic
Separated distribution Makefile (works only with gmake)
Changes to make gforth run on DOS and Win32 (I hope it's not broken by the latest Makefile.in changes) Some minor tweaks
fixed some problems (mainly for separate source and build dirs)
gforthmi is now generated from gforthmi.in by configure fixed several installation bugs in Makefile.in)
Made Makefile.in dist-able (removed the two outdated files)
updated dates in copyright messages inserted copyright messages in most files that did not have them removed outdated files engine/32bit.h engine/strsig.c
updated NEWS file added doc/gforth.txt to distributed files.
removed f0 fixed problem with dependence on config.h.in (not well tested).
Removed the make -C parts for other makes. Also tried to avoid multiple right side % rules for same reason.
Fixed config.bat (no startup.dos, no history.dos)
Fixed a lot of problems from the wordlist structure change (I hope we had not omitted the "wordlist-id" in the first place).
fixed "make clean" removed config.h.in from .cvsignore.
changed deletion of html/ tree changed document structure a bit)
Several fixes and typos I forgot to check in until recently Documentation additions (not completed)
Default path now has "." in front Worked a bit on the documentation fixed handling of "." in open-path-file (now also works with "." from the path)
fixed some bugs in arch/power/machine.h make targets now use --die-on-signal
Added missing doers.fs and getdoers.fs
Mega-Patch; lots of changes
Added some Benchres entries fixed small bugs in Makefile and arch/mips/machine.h
LEAVE fix in see.fs one dvi: entry too much in Makefile.in renaming and fix in debug.fs
Bug fixes, consistency improvements, added lib.fs
jwilke's changes: Moved many files to other directories renamed many files other changes unknown to me.
doku change
bumped the version number to 0.3.1 gforth-makeimage now makes an executable file and uses $GFORTH documentation changes fixed bug involving locals and recurse
fixed bug in Makefile.in
added outfile flushing before error message fixed Makefile.in typo
Improved DOS/OS/2 support
fixed some portability problems of Makefile.in
Added DOS-gforth-makeimage Changes for DOS
fixed a few Makefile bugs (make clean) renamed blocks.fs:flush-file into flush-blocks fixed bell bug (now flushes the output) documentation changes
fixed key? problem on Win32 Minor fixes.
documentation changes: added chapter on image files; added concept index bug fixes
added PRIM_VERSION to primitives checksum computation. added and documented environmental queries return-stack-cells, stack-cells, and floating-stack. fixed make test for 64-bit machines.
fixed another marker/locals bug. fixed convsize bug (now sizes >2048M are possible). changed default sizes to be more cache-friendly..
bumped version number to 0.2.9. added --offset-image option, comp-image.fs, and changed Makefile to make a relocatable image gforth.fi from two nonrelocatable images. added UNDER+.
fixed a few bugs changed version number to 0.2.1
Added ans-report.fs objects.fs
Some fixes to make it run on non-Unix systems
fixed some small Makefile bugs
Replaced config.guess config.sub with versions from Autoconf 2.10 added FORTHSIZES configuration variable checked and fixed "make bindist" and "make clean"
added --version and --help small bugfix
Fixed problems with different search methods. Hash now doesn't patch it's own search method into vocabularies anymore.
First try to port gforth to OS/2 Some bugfixes
Made PATHSEP a configure variable "make dist" now works minor bugfixes
made path separator OS-dependent (';' for non-Unix) renamed use-file to open-blocks reintroduced FUZZ (for non-Unix)
Documentation changes Building in a dir different from the srcdir now works a few bug fixes
Steps to make 0.2.0 dist-ready.
fixed bugs in code.fs added primitive threading-method fixed create-interpret/compile such that "' word >body" works as expected documented some defining words
SPECIAL: to create special "state-smart" words
minor changes
make dist now consistent with new files improved mmul (both dblsub and primitive.fs replacement)
Corrected ( so that it eats multiline comments in files (as recommended by ANS Forth) Fixed two shellscript bugs in configure.in and Makefile.in.
the GCC variable is now conserved across config.status runs restore-input now works only within one input source and complains otherwise
make test now works from scratch final touches on the system documentation requirements and Performance).
make clean & co. now work as advertised Some documentation changes
Added benchmark results Tried to work around if clause in Makefile.in Small bugfix in sokoban
added site-int.fs and, more importantly, support for it. Fixed bugs in SPARC CACHE_FLUSH
fixed a bug in the unit conversion in main.c "make bench" now also works on 64-bit machines documentation improvements
some documentation changes added make targets "bench" and "uninstall" strerror.c to SOURCES make targets bindist and binonlydist configure now checks the cell size and chooses the image accordingly
fixed a few bugs and documented others added required and require added [ENDIF]
added MARKER small changes in configure.in and Makefile FORCE_REG stuff to decstation.h added man page
* added configure mode for DOS-Makefile: configure -target=i386-<anythinh>-msdos<anyversion> creates Makefile for DOS. * checked in some mminor changes which never were checked in. * added special startup file for DOS
* Changed package a bit * New INSTALL file * hash.fs didn't do a good job with 'cold.
added package target to Makefile.in some documentation changes
* Promised, but forgotten Makefile changes
*!!!
<|endofexample|>
updated copyright years
\ paths.fs path file handling 03may97jaw \ Copyright (C) 1995,1996,1997,1998,2000,2003,2004,2005,2006,2007,2008. \  include string.fs [IFUNDEF] +place : +place ( adr len adr ) 2dup >r >r dup c@ char+ + swap move r> r> dup c@ rot + swap c! ; [THEN] [IFUNDEF] place : place ( c-addr1 u c-addr2 ) 2dup c! char+ swap move ; [THEN] Variable fpath ( -- path-addr ) \ gforth Variable ofile Variable tfile : os-cold ( -- ) fpath $init ofile $init tfile $init pathstring 2@ fpath only-path init-included-files ; \ The path Gforth uses for @code{included} and friends. : also-path ( c-addr len path-addr -- ) \ gforth \G add the directory @i{c-addr len} to @i{path-addr}. >r r@ $@len IF \ add separator if necessary s" |" r@ $+! 0 r@ $@ + 1- c! THEN r> $+! ; : clear-path ( path-addr -- ) \ gforth \G Set the path @i{path-addr} to empty. s" " rot $! ; : $@ ; : next-path ( addr u -- addr1 u1 addr2 u2 ) \ addr2 u2 is the first component of the path, addr1 u1 is the rest 0 $split 2swap ; :  ; : pathsep? dup [char] / = swap [char] \ = or ; : need/ ofile $@ 1- + c@ pathsep? 0= IF s" /" ofile $+! THEN ; : extractpath ( adr len -- adr len2 ) BEGIN dup WHILE 1- 2dup + c@ pathsep? IF EXIT THEN REPEAT ; : remove~+ ( -- ) ofile $@ s" ~+/" string-prefix? IF ofile 0 3 $del THEN ; : expandtopic ( -- ) \ stack effect correct? - anton \ expands "./" into an absolute name ofile $@ s" ./" string-prefix? IF ofile $@ 1 /string tfile $! includefilename 2@ extractpath ofile $! \ care of / only if there is a directory ofile $@len IF need/ THEN tfile $@ over c@ pathsep? IF 1 /string THEN ofile $+!@ move r> endif endif + nip over - ; \ test cases: \ s" z/../../../a" compact-filename type cr \ s" ../z/../../../a/c" compact-filename type cr \ s" /././//./../..///x/y/../z/.././..//..//a//b/../c" compact-filename type cr : reworkdir ( -- ) remove~+ ofile $@ compact-filename nip ofile $!len ; : open-ofile ( -- fid ior ) \G opens the file whose name is in ofile expandtopic reworkdir ofile $@ r/o open-file ; : check-path ( adr1 len1 adr2 len2 -- fid 0 | 0 ior ) >r >r ofile $! need/ r> r> ofile $+! $! open-ofile dup 0= IF >r ofile $@ r> THEN EXIT ELSE r> -&37 >r path>string BEGIN next-path dup WHILE r> drop 5 pick 5 pick check-path dup 0= IF drop >r 2drop 2drop r> ofile $@ ;
<|endofexample|>
updated copyright year
added quotations to image, and documented them
Bootstrapping bug fix: use old version of glocals unless USABLE-DICTIONARY-END is deferred
updated copyright years
Removed dependencies on old postponer, added .recs in look.fs to print recognizer stack
Recognizer included
updated copyright years
Moved SWORD WORD out of kernel (it's now not used anywhere but in tests). Replaced use of WORD in [DEFINED] with PARSE-NAME
updated copyright years
added test and compat files for ]] ... [[ (macros.fs) optimized postpone-literal and friends
documented ]] ... [[ added and documented ]]L ]]2L ]]FL ]]SL minor changes; no longer document [COMPILE]
added triple-backslash to end of file
Better factoring: split out run-prelude
started on prelude concept preludes can be built, but are not yet performed
updated copyright years; related changes in administrative files
Updated version number and date added TH added FKEY. SIMPLE-FKEY-STRING fixed README.vmgen typo
updated copyright notices for GPL v3
updated copyright years
changed >OUTFILE ... OUTFILE< to OUTFILE-EXECUTE changed >INFILE ... INFILE< to INFILE-EXECUTE added BASE-EXECUTE related documentation changes
added RESTORE and IFERROR, deleted RECOVER (undocumented)
updated copyright years
added >OUTFILE ... OUTFILE<, >INFILE...INFILE< and use it in ~~
documentation changes
documentation changes
added /W /L
added UW@ UL@ (W@ and L@ are now aliases for them) documented UW@ SW@ W! UL@ SL@ L! added more extension query answers
updated the copyright year on many files added FSF copyright header to complex.fs fft.fs regexp-test.fs regexp.fs added fsl-util.fs to update-copyright-blacklist
Added regexp stuff
Documentation changes: added wordset info for many words, and pronounciation for a few added documentation about key names for EKEY worked around texinfo 4.7 restrictions (old assignment macros broken) Added "Explicit stack access" docs to vmgen docs
bugfix: 'X is never a double bugfix: 0.009e 5 2 0 f.rdp now outputs 0.01 (not 0.00)
added workaround for bootstrapping on old kernel
refactored text interpreter to make return stack words work within a line replaced parser, compiler, interpreter, ...-notfound by words with an appended "1"
updated copyright years for files changed in 2004
updated documentation for new error format (but did not document mark-start and mark-end). moved TYPEWHITE out from the kernel.
Fixed uninitialized defers in cross added stuff to compile new sources with old kernels
uninitialized deferred words now give a warning when executed
implemented deferred words proposal (and adapted documentation accordingly).
added and documented usage of $GFORTHSYSTEMPREFIX to SYSTEM eliminated the now-unused (does>1)
documented disasm-gdb documentation bugfixes)
added LATEST, replaced uses of LAST @ with uses of LATEST renamed LASTXT to LATESTXT, and changed the uses made >NAME the primary name for >HEAD documentation changes
updated copyright years
updated ChangeLog and BUGS now gforth-itc is installed and uninstalled documentation changes
converted ans-report.fs to absolute branches changed comments for f.rdp etc.
bugfixes and improvements for f.rdp, represent, and friends
added F.RDP F>STR-RDP F>BUF-RDP
added ]] ... [[ fixed compile-only error message
disabled long long on PPC (buggy in some gcc versions). implemented EXECUTE-PARSING-FILE (new-input only).
made CODE and ;CODE work again
Added compat/strcomp.fs, introducing STR=, STRING-PREFIX?, and STR< replaced most occurences of COMPARE with STR= and STRING-PREFIX?
added str= and string-prefix?
New bug reports. added slurp-fid; documented slurp-fid and slurp-file. bugfix in f. (thanks to Doug Bagley).
moved SLURP-FILE from comp-i.fs to stuff.fs various changes in prims2x.fs
added CONST-DOES> documentation
make bindist now makes sunsite-compliant package names updated lsm prims2x now works on the Alpha SEE now displays anonymous words as <###> (where ### is the xt) added CONST-DOES>
changed FSF address in copyright messages
updated copyright dates in many files (not in ec-related files)
texinfo.tex from texinfo-4.0 various changes for texinfo-4.0 (which reports more bugs and warnings).
Fixed (my earlier) errors in the documentation of Standard search words in search.fs. Minor documentation tweaks in the other files.
Various minor documentation changes to match the latest gforth.ds)
First try to port gforth to OS/2 Some bugfixes
changed bahviour of system (no longer returns wretval, but puts it in $?) added (system) ( c_addr u -- wretval wior ) changed close-pipe (now also returns wretval) changed calls to strncasecmp to memcasecmp?.
<|endofexample|>
The result of years of "thinking outside the bun."Full Story
What happens when you spend an entire day underground? One writer finds out the hard way.Continue Reading » Feb 26, 2013 | 01:29:10 PM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
'Tattoos Hornets Fire: The Millennium Sweden' takes an unexpected walk through hidden Stockholm.Continue Reading » Sep 14, 2012 | 11:57:03 AM | Art+Design | ADD A COMMENT
The greatest joints that opened within the calendar year.Continue Reading » Dec 21, 2011 | 11:11:43 AM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
If you're easily offended, this restaurant review will not go down well.Continue Reading » Dec 2, 2011 | 02:54:37 PM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
The author rides his steed into the mist up California's Highway 1.Continue Reading » Nov 29, 2011 | 10:42:38 AM | Rides | ADD A COMMENT
Plenty of interesting rides debut at the show, open to the public November 18-27. We select the top models.Continue Reading » Nov 17, 2011 | 09:57:02 AM | Rides | ADD A COMMENT
The "roach coach" has gone gourmet. Complex ranks L.A.'s best street-side nosh.Continue Reading » Oct 28, 2011 | 11:37:13 AM | Rides | ADD A COMMENT
Miss Lily's in Soho is a cause for reflection.Continue Reading » Oct 28, 2011 | 11:12:03 AM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
Blackout in NYC offers sexual and violent situations.Continue Reading » Oct 22, 2011 | 11:28:09 AM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
Rolling through Fast Gourmet, Peking Gourmet, and a special pop-up collabo.Continue Reading » Oct 21, 2011 | 12:30:22 PM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
Cross-country strolls in the park.Continue Reading » Sep 23, 2011 | 01:42:29 PM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
Enter Godzilla.Continue Reading » Sep 20, 2011 | 11:15:54 AM | City Guide | ADD A COMMENT
<|endofexample|>
Alicia Keys, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and occasional actress. Keys has a beautiful and soulful voice, and she is the anchor for the New York anthem, Empire State of Mind. She is married to hip hop producer Swizz Beats.
Keys' most upbeat track in a while.Continue Reading » May 1, 2013 | 09:09:14 AM | Music | ADD A COMMENT
Things get combustible between these two.Continue Reading » Apr 23, 2013 | 09:37:33 PM | Music | ADD A COMMENT
You read that right.Continue Reading » Apr 12, 2013 | 10:02:04 AM | Music | ADD A COMMENT
Got 'em up all nightContinue Reading » Apr 6, 2013 | 10:34:58 AM | Music | ADD A COMMENT
Alicia gives the Staples Center a little surprise.Continue Reading » Mar 13, 2013 | 10:30:29 AM | Music | ADD A COMMENT
<|endofexample|>
The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) has upgraded to Compellent Storage Center 5 and is using its Portable Volume component to cut replication times by 80%. The portable disk drive product allows the RHS to fully back up production data totalling approximately 5.5 TB every two days from its central London headquarters to its Vauxhall disaster recovery (DR) site. Previously, the organisation used Compellent replication over its wide-area network (WAN), which resulted in backups being weeks behind due to insufficient bandwidth.
Compellent Portable Volume is an external disk drive product that mirrors the logical unit number (LUN) structure of production and secondary storage-area networks (SANs). The product allows users to copy data to its volumes, physically transport them offsite and move data over to mirrored LUN volumes at the DR site with no further configuration.
Martin Taylor, converged network manager at the RHS, said Portable Volume successfully addressed a situation that could only otherwise be resolved by spending a lot more money on the organisation's WAN link. "The problem we faced was replicating to the DR site via a limited WAN connection," he said. "We're a mid-sized organisation and a charity. If we had money to throw at a bigger WAN connection we would, but this way of doing things cuts replication time down by about 80%."
LinkShare deploys 3PAR tiered SAN to cut costs, power consumption
Online marketing business LinkShare deployed 3PAR InServ Storage Servers in its virtual data centre to support increased activity during the holiday shopping season. LinkShare chose tiered InServ arrays to handle heavy traffic over the period and expects to save up to £125,000 per year on administration costs while also cutting data centre footprint and power consumption by 50%. The InServ arrays' autonomic storage management capabilities dynamically distribute workloads across array resources and reduce storage administration time.
DataCore boosts virtual disk capacity to 1 PB
Virtualised data storage vendor DataCore Software has increased the size of its virtual disks from 2 TB to 1 PB. The DataCore product – which also incorporates thin provisioning – allows users to create RAID-enabled SANs from commodity and distributed direct-attached storage (DAS). The company expects to offer up to 2 PB capacity in future.
Gridstore launches clustered NAS
Network-attached storage (NAS) vendor Gridstore has launched the beta of its new NASg storage platform. The Gridstore NASg platform virtualises existing NAS or NASg storage nodes into a single pool of storage to eliminate single points of failure and boost network and processing efficiency. It helps eliminate server network bottlenecks by utilising parallel IO to the storage nodes. NASg also aggregates processing power across a grid of client machines to eliminate server-based processing bottlenecks.
Modern Networks gains top APSP NetApp rating
Hertfordshire-based reseller Modern Networks has achieved the level of Authorised Professional Service Partner (APSP) with NetApp, which is NetApp's highest professional services partner status. The APSP accreditation will enable Modern Networks to offer professional services in addition to its existing NetApp storage solutions portfolio. With the accreditation, Modern Networks will now have access to the same tools and methodologies used by NetApp professional service engineers.
PoINT releases v2.0 of tiering tool
German vendor PoINT Software & Systems has released Version 2.0 of PoINT Storage Manager. The product allows users to manage tiered storage on Windows NTFS-based systems and NetApp FAS products. The product migrates less frequently used data from high-performance drives to more cost-efficient media.
<|endofexample|>
Companies that have big data functions spread across business units rather than using IT or dedicated teams, are achieving the least benefits, according to research.
The survey by Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) suggested that 42% of big data pioneers are using existing IT resources and 37% are creating dedicated teams to support their strategies.
But in contrast, firms that have been slow to adopt big data strategies have largely (68%) left analysis within business units. Keeping the analysis within business units will stifle adoption, said the report, because sharing data across the organisation is critical.
“The toughest challenges for businesses implementing big data initiatives is getting different business units to share information across organisational silos and determining what data to use for different business decisions,” said TCS’s global trend report, The emerging big returns from big data
The report also said there is a technological challenge for companies attempting to handle the large volume, velocity and variety of big data.
“Big data has enormous potential and early adopters are projecting a high return on investments,” said Satya Ramaswamy, global head of mobility and next generation solutions at TCS.
“However, overcoming the technological challenges is only part of the story. Businesses need to carefully think where big data initiatives should sit within the organisation, how to break down internal silos and look beyond just internal and structured data sets.”
How many respondents expect ROI greater than 50% in 2012 by sector:
Retail businesses - 35%
Banking and financial services - 33%
High tech - 27%
Media and entertainment - 25%
Consumer goods businesses – 17%
The research revealed that businesses leading the way in big data strategies spent $24m in 2012 and expect to spend $26m by 2015. Those lagging behind spent $7m in 2012 and expect to spend $13m by 2015.
The study also found that the US has the most activity around big data initiatives with 68% of US companies interviewed involved in a project.
Latin America had the second most activity at 51%, with 45% of the European companies involved in projects and 39% in the Asia Pacific region.
Businesses are expecting a payback on these investments with a total of 43% predicting a return of more than 25% in 2012.
<|endofexample|>
OS X in Computerworld's Mac OS X OS X White Papers | Webcasts
By Jonny Evans
Does anyone still remember the olden days when doomed Apple shipped products? Those days appear gone, giving Foxconn a headache and turning all our predictions upside down: 205 days have passed since Apple gave us a significant product release. more
<|endofexample|>
How to fix Windows Vista's worst shortcomings
Get the Vista you want
By Lincoln Spector | Published 14:45, 26 January 09
7. Installing a program usually means allowing it to dig its claws deep into the operating system (OS). Running an uninstaller usually eliminates the app's functionality but leaves the claws behind. Revo Uninstaller is a better alternative to Vista's Programs and Features.
8. Vista's Windows Explorer is decent, but its Address Bar's drop-down menu of recently visited folders lists only those you accessed from the address bar and confuses things by including web pages. Instead, try using a Favorites folder: drag items for inclusion to the top left pane in Explorer to create a shortcut to them.
9. Another option is to use a different recent folders list. Click the down arrow to the left of the address bar for a list of recent folders. Close and re-open Explorer and the list will be blank. Alternatively, Hyperionics FileBox eXtender brings drop-down Recent and Favorites menus to Explorer.
10. In Windows XP you could drag items you wanted to the Start menu, whereas the same action in Vista physically moves the file or folder. There's no easy workaround, but if you drop items on the Start button rather than in the menu area, you'll get a shortcut in the left pane rather than in All Programs.
<|endofexample|>
Novell: 'We're not SCO' and we won't sue
Novell promises no legal action after its patent victory
By Elizabeth Montalbano, IDG News Service | Published 07:30, 15 August 07
Novell has promised not to sue anybody over the Unix copyrights that a US court last week ruled against IBM.
Lowry said the ruling means "the cloud has lifted over Linux." Users and distributors of the open-source OS finally can breathe a sigh of relief that they are not in violation of Unix copyrights.
"We don't believe there is Unix in Linux," Lowry said. "We've been fighting that all along. It wouldn't be consistent for Novell to say, 'Oh gosh, now that this has been confirmed, we're going to suddenly take a different position' and sue companies for copyright infringement."
The Friday ruling doesn't mean the company's legal entanglement with SCO is over. There are still several claims before the court that will go to trial next month, and one of them involves payments SCO received from Microsoft and Sun for Unix licences. If the judge rules that those companies paid SCO for Unix copyrights owned by Novell, SCO will have to pay Novell whatever it earned from those licences, Lowry said..
One thing seems fairly certain: Friday's ruling sinks SCO's case against IBM once and for all, a point Linux proponents were still celebrating yesterday. SCO can't appeal the ruling until the trial is over, and the company has not decided if it would do so. In a statement on its web site, SCO said it is exploring how it will proceed once the legal process of the case is concluded.
Lowry declined to speculate on how the ruling will affect that case and others SCO is still embroiled in with IBM, AutoZone and Red Hat. Both the AutoZone and Red Hat cases had been put on hold until the IBM case was resolved. Attorneys in the SCO-IBM case have until the end of the month to present what claims are still pending now that the Unix copyright claim in the Novell-SCO suit has been resolved. Another case, which SCO brought against DaimlerChrysler for copyright infringement, was dismissed in 2004.
"It's over," Pamela Jones, founder and editor of Groklaw, said of SCO's battle against Linux. "SCO couldn't find any infringement even when it had access to the entire copyrighted code base. No one else will find anything either." Groklaw is a web site that follows open-source software legal issues
Linux proponents are turning their attention to Microsoft as the next front line in the battle to protect Linux, she said.
"Microsoft is the next SCO. They positioned themselves that way with their patent sabre-rattling," Jones said, referring to Microsoft's claims earlier this year that Linux violates more than 235 of its patents.."
<|endofexample|>
Admiral Towers Condo (Miami Beach, FL)
Built in 1969, Admiral Towers Condo is a 128 unit condominium located in the South Beach East submarket in Miami Beach, Florida. This community has 5 condo units for rent starting at $1,600. For more information on Admiral Towers<<
1020 Meridian Ave
Miami Beach, FL 33139
MARKET: South Beach East
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
YEAR BUILT:.
<|endofexample|>
Tag Archives: media news
Conical Sphere WEB & Marketing rebranded!
Conical Sphere Group UK is proud to announce that the Conical Sphere WEB & Marketing department has been rebranded as Conical Sphere Media. This is in order to bring the group up to a similar standard that is enjoyed by … 
Posted in media news Tagged media news, online marketing graphic design, web design Leave a comment
<|endofexample|>
This year, I celebrated my birthday in Los Angeles with friends and fellow survivors of suicide loss. It was my 40th, and I had tried to make plans with various people in various parts of the country. But nothing came together until I booked a plane ticket to L.A. and announced to friends when I would be there.
I spent the evening of December 10th in Los Angeles at the Survivors After Suicide 30th Anniversary Pot Luck. Most people think that when a group of bereaved people get together, no matter how long ago their losses, they sit and cry and lament, focusing on what they don’t have. I know better. The pot luck was no exception; it was an evening filled with laughter. Yes, there were tears from some people who remembered their first time attending the group. And there was sadness over the recent death of one of the founders. But overall it was about celebrating the lives we continue to live and the connections our losses bring us.
My entire time in L.A. was spent with people who have lost a loved one to suicide. I stayed with Sam and Lois who lost a son to suicide. I had dinner with David who lost his sister. I had lunch with Diane who lost her mother. And I spent my final night there with Ginny who lost her mother.
Los Angeles always has been a place of hope for me, and I felt that hope once again during my trip there. Even though it rained (poured, in fact) on my birthday, I felt I was right where I needed to be as I start my 5th decade, and begin down a new road. And the people coming with me for the journey are the ones I want most to walk with: 218
Comment
You need to be a member of Grief Support at LegacyConnect to add comments!
Join Grief Support at LegacyConnect
<|endofexample|>
Looking for legal jobs? Starting a career in legal? Your online job search begins at ConnectCV - Connecting you to the best employers! Search or browse for legal jobs, sign up and use our leading resume builder or check out our news section for employment news and information, job search advice and career guidance to help further your legal career. Need a legal resume? ConnectCV can help with our range of sample resumes. Check out our sample legal resumes.
Key Responsibilities:Needs to have previous legal knowledge: pleadings, summons, briefs, & complaints. Must be ... typist, computer, phone.Experience Required:Previous legal experience: must know how to work w/pleadings,...>
Great opportunity to break into Legal field! Single practice attorney seeks legal secretary. HS Diploma/GED required. ... Employer will train on legal duties such as preparing and processing legal documents. Set appointments and other...>
ights Division, US Department of Justice. Following established guidelines, gathers, prepares, summarizes relevant materials for use by attorneys in preparation of opinions, briefs and other legal documents; summarizes depositions and...>
answering phones and filing Assisting with proofreading legal notices as requested Requirements:Professional typist ... ALM offers unmatched access to key audiences in the legal community?from managing partners, litigators and...>
NAHUATL LANGUAGE INSTRUCTOR (FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT)
ABM Government Services has a future opening for a Nahuatl Language Instructor. The responsibilities of the Nahuatl Language Instructor include, but are not limited to, provide foreign...>
law firm north of downtown Minneapolis is looking for a Legal Secretary to provide coverage for an upcoming ... of litigation experience including advanced knowledge of legal documents, legal terminology and civil procedures.>
Successful and thriving company located downtown is looking to add to their team Monday Friday 8 00am to 5 00pm Paid weekly Benefits after 60 days Candidates will be expected to Provide support documentation for drafting...>
and/or public company experience
* Demonstrated extensive legal corporate finance experience
* Demonstrated extensive ... for Owens Corning, its management and board.
* Legal / Business Acumen: Able to assess and communicate legal...>
Position
Position will provide attorneys and clients with legal and administrative support services for effective ... drafting and preparing legal correspondence, conducting legal research and maintaining a case management/tracking...>
ability to comprehend and interpret complex laws, legal documents and policies. Working knowledge of mathematics ... college or university in criminal justice, corrections, legal concepts, a related field, or equivalent applicable...>
Sign up for free today and you'll be creating a fantastic resource you can use your whole career for free!
<|endofexample|>
Send the page:
(maximum message length of 1,000 characters)
Verify:Verification Question. (This is so we know you are a human and not a spam robot.)
* Information Required
The details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail, and will not be sold to a 3rd party. Privacy Statement
<|endofexample|>
Republicans met last week in Alexandria to nominate two candidates for delegates in the 45th and 46th districts.
Corporate consultant Chris Gregerson of Alexandria is running in an area many consider a safe one for Democrats, the 45th District. Gregerson said he is looking for a statewide solution to the woes of local homeowners faced with rising property taxes.
"The root cause of it is that agricultural counties in the state are poor and we end up paying more for the cost of schools and state services for them," said Gregerson. "The solution is to raise the wealth of the poorer counties."
A retired Navy officer and a Vietnam veteran, Gregerson now works for Booz Allen Hamilton. By diverting more state and federal funds to rural Virginia, Gregerson said, Virginia can further develop its economy and lower taxes.
"What I'm really trying to do is keep your money in your pocket," he said.
But Gregerson said he also wants to see new jobs moving to Virginia's agricultural regions. Companies with large staff, he said, should be encouraged to move from cities to the countryside.
"Why can't they work in the poorest counties in Virginia?" he asked.
One potential source of revenue for rural Virginia, he said, is biomass fuel. Gregerson said if the House passed legislation to designate Northern Virginia as a special renewable fuel zone — a region where vehicles like dump trucks and buses run on gas made from organic materials — rural Virginia could profit from helping to reduce smog in developed regions where roadway traffic is heavy.
"If we create the demand for this fuel, agricultural counties can grow the materials used to make it," he said.
In his local community, Gregerson chairs the board of Communities in Schools — a nonprofit group that partners teachers and residents in 28 states to raise student achievement. A tutor at George Washington Middle School, Gregerson said legislation supporting community involvement with schools is of paramount importance when it comes to raising the bar for students. His recommendation is a match-up program placing students with tutors who can meet their academic needs.
"Teachers are masters at determining where their students' talents lie and what areas they need help with," said Gregerson. "That kind of community support would make them biased towards intervention so they could get the right kind of help for students who need it."
Gregerson also said he wants to "open up the school system to more competition" by creating more magnet schools and offering more options to parents.
On his bid for office, Gregerson added, "What I want is to go to the root cause of problems. I don't want to see us continue to put band-aids on them. Instead, I want to find solutions where everybody wins and everybody advances."
ALSO IN THE 46TH District, real estate executive and former advisor to the Bush White House Matt Mueda of Alexandria is running against longtime incumbent Brian Moran. Transportation is Mueda's top concern for the region. The House, he said, should seek to pass more legislation to reduce the number of cars on the road by offering incentives to companies that allow employees to telecommute.
"Mass transit is going to be an integral part of the solution but, quite frankly, some people are not going to give up the luxury of driving," said Mueda, who has advised both Presidents George Bush Sr. and Jr. on transportation policy. "We have a long way to go to convince a lot of people to use mass transit."
Mueda said widening local highways and putting more HOT lanes — express lanes that ask motorists to pay a toll — must be part of the discussion.
Once a firefighter in Fairfax County, Mueda said Virginia also needs to look at improving resources for emergency workers, resources like better radios. In too many instances, he said, firefighters, police and rescue teams have trouble talking to each other because the radios they use are not compatible.
"I haven't seen much to build more effective communication for first responders, not just inter- jurisdictional communication but also communication with their own departments," he said.
As of the Arlington Connection's press time, results were not in for the six-candidate primary held June 14. The winner will contend with Gregerson for the 45th District seat, long held by Del. Marian Van Landingham (D).
"I'm hoping we can make a difference in this race," said Chris Marston, chair of the Alexandria Republican City Committee. "Republicans in Arlington, Alexandria and Fairfax are fired up."
<|endofexample|>
Living about 8,000 miles away from home, it’s hard to believe Episcopal’s Given Kalipinde and Yao Sithole say they don’t miss home all that much.
Then again, watching them comfortably answer a reporter’s questions over the din of teammates teasing them about the game that just ended, girlfriends, weird looking clothes, and whatever else teenagers think is worthy of postgame fodder — all while the senior duo suppresses their own laughter — could be enough proof for their claim.
“The team doesn’t look at us as outsiders, they just look at us as one of the guys,” said Sithole, a 6-foot-5 forward from South Africa. “They joke around a lot, but they’re great guys.”
Kalipinde and Sithole aren’t the average transfer students that attend the Alexandria boarding school. Each came to Episcopal before their junior year from the Durban Boy’s School in South Africa and have transformed the athletics scene on campus.
They were the two leading scorers on last year’s basketball team that finished with a 16-8 record, its best finish since a string of state titles in the late 1990s. The duo followed that up this fall as key members of the Episcopal soccer team that went undefeated and won the Virginia Independent School League state title. Kalipinde was even named All-Met Player of the Year as a result.
Heading into a Friday night showdown against IAC-leading Georgetown Prep, Kalipinde (23 points per game) and Sithole (12 ppg) are poised to propel themselves onto the basketball map — not that they haven’t been globetrotting for quite some time.
“We’ve been together for awhile now, and we just kind of see ourselves as brothers,” said the 6-foot-3 Kalipinde, whose Episcopal team vaulted itself into the IAC title conversation with a 77-65 upset of second-place Landon Tuesday night.
<b>AS SITHOLE TELLS</b> it, he and Kalipinde hit it off right away when they were back in South Africa. Sithole had already been attending Durban Boy’s School for a few years when Kalipinde arrived from his hometown of Lusaka, Zambia — that country’s capital. Sithole is originally from a rural area of South Africa, but as a child moved to Pietermaritzburg, South Africa — best known for an 1893 incident when Mahatma Gandhi was kicked off a first-class train car for being Indian, prompting him to fight racial discrimination there.
Both Kalipinde and Sithole were stars for the Durban basketball team early on, which led a coach to suggest they attend an NBA-sponsored program called Basketball Without Borders in the summer of 2007.
There, they were surrounded by some of the best high school basketball players from Africa as well as NBA coaches and players like the Lakers’ Luke Walton and the Spurs’ Bruce Bowen.
“From then on playing in Africa, there wasn’t that much competition because a lot of people play soccer and those camps challenged us,” said Sithole. “Basically we started working harder because we knew there are a lot of people out there that could play basketball.”
Also at the camp was Jeffrey Goodell, the director of counseling at Episcopal. He thought Kalipinde and Sithole were perfect for a school like Episcopal that features students from 17 different countries.
Both qualified academically and once the duo’s coach in South Africa got in contact with Episcopal coach Jim Fitzpatrick, the rest was just a matter of getting to America.
“We looked at the school and said, ‘Hey that looks like a good opportunity for us to not only better ourselves as basketball players, but also better ourselves academically,’” said Kalipinde.
<b>THE CULTURE SHOCK</b> of going from Africa to a buzzing suburb of the capital of the free world would be daunting for anyone. For Kalipinde and Sithole, used to “lots of black people” and traditional South African foods like goat, the transition was made easier as roommates.
“It kind of just became easy going through everything together,” said Kalipinde of how he coped with all the changes in his life.
“I think school was hard at the beginning because it was a different schooling system than what they were used to over there,” said Fitzpatrick. “But immediately from the day they stepped on campus, they’re nice, humble people and everybody loved having them there. Basketball and soccer have just been a plus.”
The duo’s soccer coach at Episcopal, Rick Wilcox, said the connection between the two was apparent from the get go. In the beginning of the 2007-08 school year when both were scheduled to arrive, Kalipinde got held up in South Africa with visa issues. So Sithole came to Virginia several days ahead of him and began practicing with the Maroon soccer team.
Wilcox said he could tell Sithole was not at ease and very introverted those first few practices. But when Kalipinde finally arrived several days later, Sithole “instantly became more comfortable,” according to the coach. “Now, students just gravitate to them because they’ve got these really warm, nice personalities.”
<b>ON THE COURT</b>, the love is mutual. Kalipinde and Sithole may be the catalysts, but they are by no means swaggering superstars that seem to highlight the AAU scene around here. Sithole says sometimes the two “just make eye contact” on the floor and know exactly what the other wants to do having built such a connection over the years.
But next season that will change. Sithole is undecided on where or if he’ll play basketball at an American college, but Kalipinde’s journey will continue on to Los Angeles where he will play in the backcourt for Division-I Loyola-Marymount. He could have played major-conference Division I soccer as well, but full scholarships are rare in that sport.
Ask him what he’ll miss most about his two years in Alexandria and Kalipinde thinks back to the first time it snowed. Surprising for someone whose hometown has an average yearly temperature of 78 degrees Fahrenheit. Then again, he never really missed home in the first place.
“When I was back [in Zambia], I was kind of dreaming about all this,” said Kalipinde. “The last time I realized it, I was like, ‘Hey, we’re in the U.S. and we actually had this dream of coming here and trying to make this opportunity work.’ And it’s a great feeling right now.”
<|endofexample|>
Ashley is the Interactive Managing Editor at KRCG 13.
A . "The tradition, of course, is University Hospital and all that it represents as the flagship of our great academic medical center. Now, with the opening of this new addition to University Hospital, we have a new tower that symbolizes the innovations in care that are the hallmark of an academic medical center."
"When we first set out to build this expansion, our aim was to create a state-of-the-art facility for our patients and families, but I think we have exceeded that goal," health system Vice Chancellor Harold A.Williamson Jr., M.D., said. "As I look around this new expansion, I believe we’ve created the hospital of the future. With help from our partners at the Tiger Institute for Health Innovation, we’ve not only incorporated the latest in health care technology but also technologies that were developed here and are the first of their kind in the nation."
The intensive care unit rooms include iAware, developed by Cerner and the Tiger Institute at MU Health Care, which shows a patient’s vital signs for the past 30 hours.
The new Ellis Fischel Cancer Center location includes an ambulatory infusion unit for chemotherapy treatment, a radiation oncology unit with two linear accelerators for radiation therapy treatment, medical imaging with CT and PET scanners, as well as a DEXA bone-density scanner, 66 exam rooms, central Missouri’s only American College of Surgeons-accredited breast health center with 3-D and digital mammography, an outpatient pharmacy and a cancer rehabilitation gym. There is also a gift shop and boutique, with items unique for cancer patients, such as wigs and breast prostheses.
"The opening of the new University Hospital addition will create 97 new jobs, with the majority of those as nursing positions, but also including positions in pharmacy, housekeeping and nursing support,"
<|endofexample|>
NEW YORK (AP) — The three men charged in the deaths of two firefighters in a blaze at a contaminated, condemned ground zero skyscraper say they're scapegoats. Prosecutors say the men are to blame for disregarding and covering up a major safety hazard.
A judge was expected to rule Friday on whether to toss out manslaughter and other charges against Mitchel Alvo, Salvatore DePaola and Jeffrey Melofchik. They are the only people facing criminal charges after a fire that led city officials to acknowledge oversight mistakes.
Alvo, 58, DePaola, 56, Melofchik, 48, and the John Galt Corp., which was helping to take down the former Deutsche Bank building, have pleaded not guilty. If convicted, the men could face up to 15 years in prison.
The building — just across the street from the World Trade Center's south tower — was heavily damaged and filled with toxic debris when the tower collapsed into it on Sept. 11, 2001. A laborious process of dismantling the now government-owned building has taken years.
On Aug. 18, 2007, a construction worker's careless smoking sparked a fire that tore through several stories of the building.
Firefighters contended with a roster of hazards, including deactivated sprinklers, blocked stairwells, an air system that was supposed to control toxins but ended up concentrating smoke, and a break in a crucial firefighting water pipe called a, Galt's director of abatement, and DePaola, a Galt foreman, ultimately had a 42-foot-long section of the standpipe cut up and removed from the building, according to prosecutors. Melofchik, hazards and failures that prosecutors and city officials have acknowledged.
"Why are they scapegoating a few defenseless people at the bottom of the line?" Melofchik's lawyer, Edward J.M. Little, asked a judge fire department hadn't inspected the building in more than a year, although it was supposed to do so every 15 days. Other city and state regulators also had been in the tower on a near-daily basis but didn't report the hazards.
But Morgenthau said prosecuting officials would be fruitless because governments are generally immune from criminal prosecutions.
The city agreed to fire safety reforms, and Bovis agreed to pay the firefighters' families $10 million in a memorial fund.
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Barrington Broadcasting is a member of the AP Network.
<|endofexample|>
A man accused of Involuntary Manslaughter will go to trial after causing an accident that killed two people in September.
A Maries County judge has bound John Mazurek, 24, to go to trial after hearing the state’s evidence in a preliminary hearing Tuesday.
Mazurek was arrested on September 1st. He had been driving on Highway 133 south of Meta when his vehicle crossed the center line and struck another vehicle head-on.
The driver of that second vehicle, 57-year-old Roberta Randolph, was killed in the crash. The passenger in that vehicle, Helen Wieberg of Jefferson City, sustained serious injuries and died at a later time.
Mazurek is currently being charged with Involuntary Manslaughter and felony assault for the death of Randolph. He could be facing another involuntary manslaughter for the death of Wieberg.
Mazurek could also be charged with one count of Driving While Intoxicated depending on the results from blood work that was sent to the Highway Patrol Lab.
Mazurek will next be in court on December 5th for his arraignment.
Helen Wieberg’s husband has also filed a wrongful death civil suit against Mazurek.
Related Links
<|endofexample|>
On Friday, November 5, Illinois College’s Office of Admission will host “First Fridays” as part of their fall preview series.
Included in the day are: a tour of the beautiful campus, a meeting with an admission counselor and an academic fair. In addition, prospective students will be able to sit in on an actual class, talk with current students in their predicted major and observe a faculty panel. Students can also take advantage of the optional meal in Cummings Dining Hall to either start or end their day.
Schedule of Events:
11 p.m. - Theatre “acting” workshop (optional)
11:45 to 12:45 p.m. - Lunch (optional)
12:15 to 12:45 p.m. - Registration
12:50 to 1:10 p.m. - Welcome
1:20 to 2:30 p.m. - Observe a Class
2:30 to 3 p.m. - Academic Fair
3:15 to 3:45 p.m. - Faculty Panel
3:45 to 4:45 p.m. - Campus and Residence Hall Tours
5 to 5:30 p.m. - Meet with Admission Counselors (Students only)
Scholarship Programs at Illinois College (Parents only)
5:30 to 6:30 p.m. - Dinner (optional)
On Thursday, November 11, Illinois College’s Office of Admission will host a preview day.
9 to 9:30 a.m. Athletic Information (optional)
9:30 to 10 a.m. Registration
10 to 10:20 a.m. Welcome
10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Campus and Residence Hall Tours
11:30 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. Meet your Admission Counselor (Students only)
Scholarship Programs at Illinois College (Parents only)
12:15 to 1 p.m. Academic Fair
12:45 p.m. Lunch
For more information on either day or to reserve your space please call 217-245-3030 and speak with an Illinois College admission representative.
Founded in 1829, Illinois College is a residential liberal arts college fostering academic excellence rooted in opportunities for experiential learning while preparing students for lifelong success.
<|endofexample|>
CHANDLERVILLE, Ill. (AP) -- The State Journal-Register reports that authorities in central Illinois have arrested a young boy in the weekend shooting death of a 39-year-old woman.
The Mason County sheriff's office told The (Springfield) State Journal-Register that Brenda Schaad was found shot to death Saturday evening in her home in Chandlerville, about 40 miles northwest of Springfield.
The boy was arrested later Saturday.
Authorities wouldn't confirm the boy's age, but the Illinois State Police said before his arrest they were looking for an 11-year-old boy.
Residents of the area also said they believe the boy is 11.
Police wouldn't say what the boy's connection is to Schaad.
<|endofexample|>
Featuring/9550
comes equipped with the Intel X-Scale processor and the Microsoft
(R) Pocket PC platform. Supporting an industry leading integrated
triple-radio design with wireless WAN, LAN, and PAN the Dolphin
9500 allows real-time data collection and anywhere, anytime information
access.
The Dolphin 9500/9550 also has a full line of peripherals that
include a charging and communication cradle, an mobile cradle,
a multi-slot Ethernet cradle, and a multi-slot battery charger.
<|endofexample|>
Mouse
From Conservapedia
This article is about the small mammal. See Computer mouse for the computer pointing device.
Mice (the plural of mouse) are small herbivorous rodent mammals. There are many species of mice including non related mammals such as dormice. The common house mouse Mus musculus is widely distributed worldwide, having accompanied human travelers to many countries beyond its natural range. Typically mice will feed on seeds and other plant material, though mousetraps for the house mouse are usually baited with cheese.
Mice and Mankind
- Mice, like rats, can be a serious agricultural pest, damaging growing crops and eating stored grain.
- Again, mice are often blamed as a disease vector for certain diseases including bubonic plague better attributed to rats, or rather the fleas borne by certain species of rat.
- The laboratory mouse is widely used as an experimental organism in biomedical research. There are many specialised breeds, such as the nude mouse, a hairless mutant strain used in cancer research and the Onken mouse, a mouse bred to have cancerous cells from birth.
- Mice are commonly kept as pets, and are also bred as food items for other, carnivorous pet animals.
Mice in the Bible
Mice are mentioned several times in the Bible; Leviticus 11:29 declares them unclean. In 1 Samuel, after the Philistines captured the Ark of the Covenant, they were afflicted by God with plagues of mice and of hemmorhoids, until they returned the Ark with a tribute of five golden hemmorhoids and five golden mice:, 4-5 (KJV)
Mice in popular culture
- Mickey Mouse, the Disney animated character.
- Mighty Mouse, the animated mouse superhero.
- Jerry, of Tom and Jerry, the animated cat-and-mouse duo.
- Itchy, of Itchy and Scratchy, from the Simpsons.
- Reepicheep, from C.S. Lewis's The Chronicles of Narnia
- Fievel Mouskawitz and his family from the An American Tail movies
- Pinky And The Brain from the cartoon of the same name
- Little Sneazer from Tiny Toon Adventures
Chucky Cheese the mascot of the Chuck E. Cheese Pizza and Arcade franchise
<|endofexample|>
Normally that wouldn't be exciting news, but it is now. A mortgage broker we've used a couple of times called last night to offer us 4.5%. We have two small mortgages (well, small in DC-area terms) at 5.5 and ~6%, and we've never consolidated them because we didn't want to lose the lower rate.
Now that there has been this temporary plunge, we're jumping on it. He verified some of our information on the phone, and will be sending an appraiser in the next couple of days. He estimates that our mortgage payment will be about $1100 less per month (I think likely more), and we'll have the flexibility to pay extra on principal as lightly or heavily as we wish.
Our FICO score is over 800, we have secure jobs (as much as one can say that, these days), and have no debt at all other than the mortgage. We were living the "Dave Ramsey lifestyle" before we had ever heard of Dave Ramsey.
Sign of the times: he said that about 85% of the people who call him for new mortgage terms, he can't help, because they have negative equity.
<|endofexample|>
The Tough Realities Small NGOs Face When Evaluating Their Efforts: Observations from Guatemala and Mexico
Abstract
Evaluation improves the quality of work completed by international non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to fight poverty and develop communities (Liebenthal et al. 2004). Even so, many NGOs do not conduct evaluations (Ferguson 1990). To the extent that NGOs evaluate their efforts, the evaluation results often do not affect the planning of future projects, making evaluation a static event instead of a learning process (Mebrahtu 2002). Thus, the relevant problem is how to make evaluation more useful. Mulwa (2008) argues that participatory evaluation bridges the disconnect between evaluation results and future development projects. Based on my experience, I emphasize the need for development evaluation to be practical; evaluations informed by all stakeholders create a climate of learning. Evaluations lead to improved development when the evaluation responsibilities and measurements are shared between all parties involved.
To read online, click here. Or to download PDF, click link below.
Full Text: PDF
<|endofexample|>
Click to see all Used Volvo Trucks (On-Road) Models
Volvo VNL64T430's 1 to 1 of 1
2013 Volvo VNL64T430 For Sale by Nuss Truck & Equipment
Call for Price
Desc: 41 in Flat Top Sleeper; D13-425 Volvo Engine 425 hp; I Shift; Engine Brake; Volvo Air Ride Suspension; 3.36 Ratio; 22.5 Tires; Steel Disc Wheels; 205 in Wheelbase; Tandem Axle; 12,500 lb Front Axle Weight; 38,000 lb Rear Axle Weight; Drive Side: Left Hand Drive;
Click for more detail: Volvo VNL64T430 For Sale
<|endofexample|>
Jada Pinkett-smith - Jada Pinkett Smith Gives Miley Cyrus Marriage Advice13 June 2012
Jada Pinkett Smith has given Miley Cyrus advice about marrying Liam Hemsworth.
Jada Pinkett Smith Gives Miley Cyrus Marriage Advice
Jada Pinkett Smith has given Miley Cyrus advice about getting married young.
The 'Madagascar 3' star - who will celebrate her 15th wedding anniversary to Will Smith on Dec 31 - says that Miley, 19, and fiancÃ© Liam Hemsworth, 22, must first have a good Friendship base.
She told Us Weekly: ''Learn how to be friends, especially when you are starting that young.
''Forever is a long time. When you are starting forever at 19 years old, and it is not to say that there is anything wrong with that, but it is just to know that what it is now and what it will be, it is just going to continue to transform and change.''
The 40-year-old actress began her relationship with 'Men In Black 3' star Will at 23 years old and the couple have two children Willow and Jaden together.
She added: ''You have to keep flexibility [in your relationship]. You have to be with someone you consider as a friend.''
Miley showed off her engagement ring to waiters at a restaurant in Los Angeles on Wednesday (06.06.12).
The 'Can't Be Tamed' singer accepted Liam's marriage proposal last month and celebrated her forthcoming nuptials with a dinner at Hugo's in Studio City.
<|endofexample|>
Kate Moss - Kate Moss To British Women: Put The Flesh Away!12 June 2012
Picture: Kate Moss leaving her house London, England - 25.05.12
Kate Moss To British Women: Put The Flesh Away!
During an interview with Grazia magazine, Moss was asked what her one piece of fashion advice for the British public would be, to which she replied, "When you're driving down the road in the summer, the English people... It's not our natural thing, no. So it's 'put it awaaaaaay!". Despite the jibe, the model did admit to making her own fashion gaffes from time to time, saying, "Zips. I've got a problem with zips. Sometimes I just forget to do them up.Running out the door! You know... Just zips... It's funny!". The Croydon-born model married The Kills rocker Jamie Hince during a village ceremony last year, though claims being a married woman has not changed her wardrobe, saying, "He would go mental if I started dressing like a wife! No! He likes me when I'm a rock'n'roll kind of girl".
Though married life may not have changed her sartorial choices, getting a pet dog certainly has- she said, "It's a nightmare... I'm having to rethink everything. You can't walk a dog in a heel. You look ridiculous ... Course (I've tried)".
<|endofexample|>
The News Listing can be used individually, or combined with other news controls for a flexible layout.
The Contensis Control Gallery demonstrates the pre-built web controls that are available for the Contensis Web Content Management System. Discover Contensis today.
You may have a great idea for your website but need us to do the hard work and create the web control for you! Feel free to suggest it here.
We value your feedback so if you have any ideas for improvements to this gallery or have noticed any issues with the examples provided please get in touch.
<|endofexample|>
4 answers so far
24 Sep 2011 Irishsal said
Hi Brooke,
I’m doing the Grand Southern in July (LA to NY) – can’t wait.
I’ve done 2 Contikis in the past and they were amazing. Made loads of friends and the tour guides and bus drivers were brilliant. I was travelling on my own (and will be again next July). In my opinion it’s nearly the best way because you meet so many people.
On these kind of tours in general (I was in Australia and New Zealand before) you need loads of energy – there was a lot of drinking and partying on my tours which was brilliant. You don’t say where you are from or what part of Europe you went to on your tour but American food in my experience is great and on the Contikis that I went on we never went hungry – everything was brilliant. Sorry I can’t be more specific about this actual tour but I will say this. The reason I am doing Contiki again is because they were so brilliant in Oz and NZ. I’ve had friends who went on the American Contiki’s too and they said that the service was fantastic.
Anyway, hope this helps a little bit.
Enjoy the tour,
Sarah.
-
- 0 people like this
Have an answer to this question? You need to be signed in as a Contiki.com Community member first.
<|endofexample|>
I am going Contiki!
Spanish Spree
1 days to go
Aggie26Follow Aggie26
Level 1 Traveler
1 tour
3 countries
Upcoming Contiki
1 day to go!
Spanish Spree
1 day until...
Spanish Spree
2 countries \ 15 days
Tours I've Done
Berlin & Prague plus Vienna
3 countries \ 10 days \ from US$1215 per person
Ask Aggie26 to write a review
Add a photo that best captures your trip.
Choose from
your gallery or
jpg, png or gif please!
Max filesize 2MB
Favorite Tours.
<|endofexample|>
louisezeemanFollow louisezeeman
21
Discussions in order of recent activity
- European Highlights 11th July 2012 I am travelling solo on this tour anyone else going? :) GlamRUs asked
- European Highlights July 11 - July 26 Hey guys, there's four of us coming from canada an... francesca.contiki said about europe european highlightslouisezeeman responded
- european highlights july 11th 2011 thru july 26th I just finished booking my trip, ill be traveling solo is... The Dconn said about europe european highlights meeting placeslouisezeeman responded1 Likes15 replies
- Anyone doing european highlights july 11th 2012 Anyone doing european highlights july 11th 2012, if u are... JamesV askedcourtneytelfer responded
- Anyone going July 11-26??? Hey everyone! i'm going on the european highlights t... Megstcnj16 asked about europe european highlights meeting places
- European Highlights June 11th? Anyone going on the european highlights tour on june 11th... Pamela asked about europe european highlights
<|endofexample|>
By Tony Hicks
Contra Costa Times
All you 49ers fans may not care for my opinion, but I have a lot of respect for Baltimore Ravens' linebacker Ray Lewis.
He's one of the greatest linebackers to ever play the game, and he's retiring after the Ravens play the Niners in the upcoming Super Bowl. He can still play at a high level, and he wants to go out on top. I really respect that.
But I won't miss his dancing.
Let's clarify: I won't miss him dancing on the field. Ray Lewis' retirement may be sad for fans of great defensive football, but retiring that dance is nothing but good for humanity.
Lewis does this silly shimmy-shimmy-slide thing, and he's been doing it a lot this postseason. Watching it makes me think that he's about to have some sort of seizure. Though, to be fair, it's not even close to the celebration routine made famous by 49ers defensive back Merton Hanks, whose "chicken dance" made chiropractors all over the United States wince.
I guess the good news is Lewis isn't singing while he's dancing -- as far as I know.
Good steps
But the celebratory football dance is part of our culture. And there are players who got it right.
For example: Billy "White Shoes" Johnson made the end zone celebration an art form in the 1970s. His routine included some sort of back-and-forth movement with his knees that is now seen routinely among bad wedding dancers. Even when he was playing against your team,
The '70s were a glorious time for celebratory dancing in the NFL. Butch Johnson of the Dallas Cowboys used to drop to his knees and do some sort of pistol-shooting routine that strippers have emulated ever since (not that I know what strippers do, but I hear things).
According to some accounts, the first pro football end zone dance came Nov. 18, 1973, when Elmo Wright of the Kansas City Chiefs caught a touchdown pass and busted some high-stepping celebratory moves (he had actually started the practice in college). Ever since, guys have been trying to outdo each other. End zone dancing evolved to where Deion Sanders was throwing moves people would actually emulate on a dance floor.
Team dancing
The idea grew over the years to the point where, in 1984, the Washington Redskins would do group celebrations in the end zone. Of course, the Redskins were also involved in the only touchdown celebration that nearly caused a player's head to fall off. That was in 1997, when quarterback Gus Frerotte celebrated scoring a touchdown against the New York Giants by ramming his head against a wall, which caused him to sit out the second half with a neck sprain.
The 2000s saw the end zone celebration reach incredible new heights. In 2002, the 49ers' Terrell Owens scored against the Seattle Seahawks, pulled a Sharpie out of his sock, signed the ball, and gave it to his financial adviser, who was in the stands. That same year, Owens scored against the Green Bay Packers and borrowed a cheerleader's pompoms to celebrate. The next year, Joe Horn of the New Orleans Saints scored against the New York Giants, spiked the ball, then sauntered over to the upright, where he pulled out a cellphone hidden in the padding and called his children. He was fined $30,000 by the NFL. Still, it was glorious.
Ray Lewis has had an incredible career, even if he was no Billy "White Shoes" Johnson. But forgive 49ers fans if they hope he doesn't get to do any dancing in his final game.
In fact, that would be more than OK with even those of us who aren't 49ers fans.
Contact Tony Hicks at thicks@bayareanewsgroup.com, at Facebook.com/BayAreaNewsGroup.TonyHicks or at Twitter.com/insertfoot.
<|endofexample|>
By Anne Marie Fuller
Correspondent
SAN RAMON -- His name is Batman.
His coat is dark as night, and he has a souped-up vehicle that he flies about in -- and on occasion, you might even see him in his trademark cape.
Batman the dog is no superhero -- but his rescuers say he needs one.
The little dog, a Formosan mountain dog mix, is an immigrant to America. Batman was flown here from Taiwan a few months ago by rescuers in San Ramon who hope he can have a second-chance life in the United States.
Hit by a car in Taiwan and left for dead, the dog now known as Batman dragged himself into an alley and lay there for days before being found and taken into care. His spine was crushed, his legs were useless and he was given a bleak prognosis.
Now in a wheelchair, Batman has gotten a second wind and has begun to show signs of progress. And his rescuers hope someone will step up to adopt this dog and take on the challenges of his special needs.
Batman was relocated to California by Love & Second Chances of San Ramon. Melody Chen, founder of the dog rescue group, heard about Batman's case from friends and raised the $1,400 needed to fly him over.
"When the dog was first discovered, he was taken to a local veterinarian there," Chen said. "They did the initial surgery on him but said his chances of being adopted over there were not good. They put the dog into a foster care system with other dogs and left him in a small area by himself.
"I knew he would
Batman has been undergoing physical therapy at the UC Davis veterinary school, including water therapy. And Love & Second Chances bought two wheelchairs for him.
Also, the rescue group made contact with OrthoPets in Denver to have custom leg braces made for his hind legs. The rescue group, which has applied for nonprofit status, was able to raise enough for only one leg brace (between $600 to $800), and OrthoPets donated the other.
"After hearing what Batman had to go through, my team decided to take on this case," said Amy Kaufmann, owner of OrthoPets. "He has shown the will and determination to get through those tough circumstances. We felt by helping him with some devices, it would strengthen him even more to enjoy an active lifestyle.
"Batman has truly come so far, and it would be awesome if he could go even further and have that normal life he deserves."
Despite his injuries, Batman flies around the home of his foster mom, Anjolie, a veterinary student at UC Davis. Anjolie asked that her last name not be used for fear of harassment by some who might say a dog like Batman should be euthanized.
Taking care of a dog like this has many challenges, but it doesn't faze Batman.
"He isn't aware of his limitations," Anjolie said. "Batman is so playful, happy and gets along with other dogs. He even tries to wrestle with them. He loves to play fetch at the park."
Part of the job of caring for him is helping him with therapy and fitting him with his wheelchair when he goes out. Soon, putting on his braces will be part of the routine. Batman wears a diaper indoors, but Anjolie takes him outside to relieve himself. She helps by applying pressure to his bladder to empty it.
"When Batman is not in his wheelchair, he scoots himself all over the place; he's like a comedy character. He will get his own toys and bring them to you," Anjolie said.
"When people think paralyzed, they often think that means he can't move," she added. "Yet he's very mobile. He has learned to spinal walk: This is a reflexive type of walking, where his hind end does a walking motion. The special leg braces will help him even more with this."
His rescuers estimate the dog is about 3 years old. He weighs about 30 pounds.
Batman has already built up quite a fan club, with well over 1,000 likes on his own Facebook page, book.com/helpbatman. The page documents Batman's journey back to health and features a video of him running in his wheelchair and playing with other dogs.
Love & Second Chances is now looking for a special caretaker to adopt Batman and is waiving its regular $250 adoption fee. Two wheelchairs and two custom leg braces will go with Batman to his new home.
Since the group began in January, Love & Second Chances has adopted out 60 dogs and currently has 18 in need of homes.
"I started as a personal rescue and created a blog to post things," Chen said. "It started to grow from there, and now we are an official full-on rescue group with about 20 fosters. I like to have at least one special-needs dog to help and also a few medical-needs dogs."
A video of Batman and profiles and photos of the other adoptable dogs may be viewed at the group's website, chances.com.
Contact correspondent Anne Marie Fuller at.
Love & second chances
Information on fundraising for Batman and profiles and photos of adoptable dogs can be viewed at. Batman's Facebook page:.
<|endofexample|>
U.S. DOE joins The Green Grid
The DOE and The Green Grid signed a memorandum of understanding to promote energy efficiency in IT.
By Consulting Specifying Engineer Staff
On Sept. 18, Alexander Karsner, U.S. Dept. of Energy (DOE) assistant secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, joined John Tucillo of The Green Grid, Beaverton, Ore., at the New York Stock Exchange to sign a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to promote energy efficiency in the information technology sectors. The memorandum focuses on developing best practices and guidelines for improving energy use in data centers.
Last year, data centers used 1.5% of all electricity in the United States, DOE said. Although data centers form the backbones of the information economy, they consume a growing amount of energy. The Green Grid is a consortium of information technology companies seeking to lower the overall consumption of power in data centers worldwide.
For more information on DOE's memorandum with the Green Grid, click here .
In other DOE news, the agency signed an MOU to increase cooperation and energy efficiency in China's industrial sector, which accounts for 70% of the country's total energy demand, DOE said. This memorandum follows discussions from the third U.S.-China Energy Policy Dialogue held this week where the United States and China agreed to conduct audits to increase China's national, regional, and local energy efficiency.
The Industrial Energy Efficiency Cooperation MOU signifies the United States and China’s intention to promote energy efficiency at energy-intensive factories that will reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The memorandum states that a DOE team of industrial energy efficiency experts will conduct on-site plant audits of the production process and plant energy systems at up to 12 facilities from the top 1,000 energy enterprises in China. DOE will provide tools to conduct the plant audits and train factory personnel on plant audit techniques. These facilities must have the resources and feasibility to implement energy-efficient improvements identified by the DOE and National Development and Reform Commission teams.
DOE subsequently will conduct a comparison study of these Chinese enterprises and U.S. manufacturing plants to identify differences in best practices. The MOU also may serve as a conduit for American companies to export environmentally superior U.S.-made equipment and services to China.
DOE will host training sessions in the United States to help familiarize Chinese officials with U.S. energy saving laws, policies, advanced energy saving procedures and technologies, and best practices for management personnel tasked with saving energy. Training will be offered to government personnel, energy-saving supervisory and monitoring personnel, energy policy research personnel, and officials who manage big energy consumption enterprises. DOE also will provide demonstrations for highly efficient boilers, fired heaters, and combined heat and power units.
To learn more about DOE's memorandum with China on energy efficiency, click here .
<|endofexample|>
We’re heading into Toy Sale season here, and like other parents (and kids), I’m scouring the catalogues for birthday and Christmas present ideas (hopefully at bargain prices!).
Now hang on, you may be thinking… I’m a crafty type… I should be making my own toys…
While I like the idea of that, it just doesn’t work for me. I have limited time and energy, and with my kids getting older, I can’t get away with making their presents in front of them anymore!
But it shouldn’t have to be all or nothing. Some of the best-loved toys in this house are so much fun because they combine handmade with store-bought.
What fun would my felt play mat house be without a pile of store-bought cars zooming around on top?
How could my cardboard rocket take off into space without a space man doll inside?
And there’s no point having book ends without lots of great kids books lined up next to them?
(Well, ok, the bookends might make good toys to throw around… cheeky monkeys!)
I’m looking forward to one day making clothes for Barbies or Cabbage Patch Kids (or whatever my little girl likes).
So this year, as I scour the catalogues, I’m going to think about what toys my kids will love and how I can add to the fun with handmade creativity.
Where do you stand on handmade versus store bought toys?
This post was sponsored by Big W Toys. All thoughts and opinions are my own.
<|endofexample|>
Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives: The Funky Finds in Flavortown: America's Classic Joints and Killer Comfort Food (Paperback) by Fieri, Guy
Old-School Comfort Food: The Way I Learned to Cook (Hardcover) by Guarnaschelli, Alex
Free Shipping Offer
FreshTECH Automatic Jam & Jelly Maker by Ball®
Tattoo Cookin' It 10-in. Nonstick Fry Pan by Guy Fieri
Hot Rod Red 10-pc. Nonstick Cookware Set by Guy Fieri
50% Off
Smart Smokeless Indoor Grill
50% Off!
<|endofexample|>
Alton shuffles into the kitchen to make a breakfast treat: French toast.Watch Video
Big Daddy takes on The Thing: a five-pound breakfast extravaganza.
Fodder presents Morning After Meal: breakfast from what's in his fridge.
Adam tries to be the first ever to finish the Nine-Pound Breakfast Skillet.
For the best Southern breakfast on the West Coast, hit the Screen Door.
Chuck demonstrates how he makes his favorite fast breakfast.
Breakfast on the go doesn't have to wreck your diet. See how Lisa does it!
Full of vitamins, spinach can be eaten for breakfast, lunch or dinner.
Chef Michael Chiarello shows how to grill your next tasty summer breakfast.
Cassie and Stephanie make a healthy meal to win Tony's heart.
Here are two healthy ways to have chocolate for breakfast.
Featured Shows
Food Truck Revolution
<|endofexample|>
Which Wines Go Best with Mushroom Pastas?.
<|endofexample|>
[ Download ]
Feedback
You can rate this song simply by clicking on the stars below. Please note that while your vote only counts
once you can update your selection at any time by returning to this page and choosing a new rating:
Poor Fair Good Great Excellent
Please let us know if this song should not be listed on our site. [ Report ]
<|endofexample|>
- .
Vanessa Trien & The Jumping Monkeys
Sunday, October CDs Carnival Day and Hot Air Balloon. As Boston Children's Music puts it, "Vanessa's shows are perfect. It's hard to explain and I can't quite put my finger on what it is they do differently, but whatever it is, it really gets the kids (and parents) excited!...She has some sort of magical energy that makes all of her shows super fun..." Join us on October 14 and find out what all the buzz is about!
Recommended for ages 2+
<|endofexample|>
Note: Copyright.com supplies permission but not the copyrighted content itself.
Copyright.com makes it easy for you to get permission to use copyrighted materials.
Simply review the permission types that are available below. If you don't have an
Annual License, you can select "Price & Order" below and purchase permission now.
<|endofexample|>
Family Hotel Myrtle Beach: A Multitude of Options
Four words should describe your next vacation: family hotel Myrtle Beach. Remember a time when you would hold a conch shell to your ear just to hear the crash of the ocean? A visit to Myrtle Beach allows you to enjoy the real deal! Myrtle Beach offers the best in beach fun, attractions, and live entertainment on the East Coast, offering up a wide variety of family friendly hotels and resorts jam packed with amenities, family packages, and the best of accommodations.
Myrtle Beach is a prominent vacation destination on the coast of South Carolina, bordering the rough and tumble waters of the Atlantic Ocean. As part of the sixty mile stretch of sandy shores known as the Grand Strand, it remains the perfect family-friendly vacation destination, offering everything from boogie boarding to horseback riding in the surf. Because so many resorts and hotels offer kid friendly activities, water parks, and playgrounds, parents can come to Myrtle Beach for the rest and relaxation they need, while still giving their kids the vacation of a lifetime!
Speaking of keeping the kids busy, Myrtle Beach is also packed with an assortment of amusement parks, offering oceanfront water parks that’ll super soak any kid, as well as classic roller coasters and Ferris wheels. But while the kids are enjoying the theme parks, parents may enjoy the many live theaters of Myrtle Beach, with a variety of shows including rock concerts, plays, and opera. Adults may also be interested in the wealth of golf courses, outlet malls, fine dining establishments, and specialty boutiques found throughout the area. All the activities available in Myrtle Beach rouse quite the appetite in any person, especially those with family. Fortunately, the dining opportunities in Myrtle Beach are unmatched, including everything from five star dining to family oriented feasting! With so many choices of dining in the Grand Strand area, it’s rather easy to get overwhelmed. Luckily, reviews and descriptions of local restaurants are plentiful, especially online.
It is also worth noting that some of the best seafood in the world can be found freshly caught right off the Atlantic Coast in the restaurants of Myrtle Beach. If you’re a seafood lover, there’s no better place to partake.
So when is the perfect time to visit? Myrtle Beach can be a year-round destination, but be aware that summer weather may not follow you to South Carolina. Outside the peak season of May through September, South Carolina weather can be finicky with temperatures dipping to the mid-sixties and a high likelihood of rain. Luckily, many resorts offer heated pools to draw vacationers during all seasons. It’s also worth mentioning that family vacation packages may be discounted during this time, saving you a bundle while still offering sand, surf, and a mild southern climate.
Presenting itself with sixty miles of sandy beaches, entertainment for everyone (kids included), the best seafood off the Eastern seaboard, and so much more, Myrtle Beach is the best vacation destination that any family could ask for.
<|endofexample|>
Maria Penkova (BUL)
Country: Bulgaria, Born June 25, 1984 (28 years old), Category: WTA
Profile | Ranking | Results | Statistics
WTA Ranking
-
Career High : 423
Tournaments played in 2006See detailed tennis results of Maria Penkova
If you are a player featured in CoreTennis, you can get in touch with us to have more information and your pictures published on your profile
<|endofexample|>
Off Campus Study
Beginning Spanish 101
Beginning Spanish 102
Beginning Spanish 103
Intermediate Spanish 205
Cornell College's Bachelor of Arts degree has a language requirement.
Students interested in taking Spanish to fulfill the language requirement
need the following:
In addition, students who have taken the All College Entrance Examination
Board's Advancement Placement (AP) Examination, and received a score
of 4 or 5 are exempted from the language requirement.
International students whose native language is other than English satisfy
this requirement through completion or exemption from the English as a
Second Language (ESL) program.
Credits
Cornell College
600 First Street West
Mt Vernon, IA 52314
(319) 895-4311
spanish@cornellcollege.edu
<|endofexample|>
Design & Development Marketing, Product Designer. BA (Hons) Prod. Des. — Singapore, Singapore
I serve in the Singapore Furniture Industries Council, managing design outreach programmes for designers & businesses in the furniture industry. Looking forward to connect with enterprising designers and start-ups for International Furniture Design showcases, Design forums & Design competitions. Let us explore how we can help you attain international publicity & industry recognition for your innovative design works! Drop me a line and Connect with me on LinkedIn..Best Regards!
Connect with me on:
Twitter:
Visit the the following links to know more our Design Programmes:
Thank you!
<|endofexample|>
Web hosting clients find our shared web hosting solutions a perfect fit for their business needs. We host web sites for clients across the country from our Rochester, NY web hosting facility. Web hosting should not be chore to find - nor should web hosting be a large burden on budgets.
With our competitively-priced web hosting solutions any business can afford to get online. All of our web hosting solutions can be customized to easily grow meet the needs of expanding businesses. Each web hosting solution includes detailed web site traffic statistics and can be further enhanced by paring with our Professional Web Analysis and Statistics Reporting Services.
<|endofexample|>
Download a complete Dun & Bradstreet Business Report on Signature Apparel Group, LLC in the State of New York.
Click below to order a background check on Signature Apparel Group, LLC in the State of New York
While dealing with a new business associate, client or potential new business partner, you should have the following information about them in the Dun & Bradstreet Business Report:
- Financial history of the company including expenses and earnings
- How long has the company been in business?
- Turnover of the company
- Is the company public or private?
- How many employees does the company have?
- Executive profiles and contact information
- Who are the competitors of the company?
- Are there any legal issues with the company? What happens if the company loses the lawsuit?
- What type of products or services does the company offer?
You may find it difficult to find answers to all the above questions. Nevertheless, these are important. Therefore, you need a solid Dun & Bradstreet Business Report. With our Dun & Bradstreet Business Report service, you can get up-to-date company background information and a complete credit history of the company you intend to deal with.
Using our Dun & Bradstreet Business Report services, you will able to:
- Minimize the risk while dealing with new clients as well as existing customer base: Our Dun & Bradstreet Business Report will give you complete information on the credentials of the client, credit rating, the strength and the weaknesses of the potential customer, chances of fraudulent activities, the financial viability of the business etc. Thus, with all the information at your fingertips, there is no reason for you to get involved in a risky business if the Dun & Bradstreet Business Report does not look appealing to you.
- In addition, you will also get accurate information on your existing business clients. If there is any change in the financial status of your existing client, you will get updated information instantly using our subscription alerts.
- Our Dun & Bradstreet Business Reports are compiled by people who are experts in their specific industry. For example, if you are dealing in financial products, your Dun & Bradstreet Business Report will be generated by experts in finance. Thus, our reports have an edge over the others business services and will highlight the facts that call for special attention. Our analytical reports are in a league by themselves.
- With our Dun & Bradstreet Business Report, you can subscribe to information on a particular industry, or a geographical region such as North America, England, entire Europe, and Asia, based on how your operations are spread across the globe.
- If you need information on specific companies, we would be happy to oblige.
- Our Dun & Bradstreet Business Reports also provides stock quotes, details on board members and their contact information as well as web links of the company.
With the help of our Dun & Bradstreet Business Report services, you will have all the required information on your prospects. Therefore, when you meet these prospects you know what points and qualities can get you the best deal. In any business, information is the strongest of all weapons. Business empires can be won or lost based on the business information contained in the buiness report. Therefore, enrich you database and gain a cutting edge lead by subscribing to our Dun & Bradstreet Business Report services today.
<|endofexample|>
Gulf leads UN appeal for major boost in Syrian aid are sending a message to Syrians: You are not alone," said U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon even as he described Syria as caught in a "death spiral" and the conditions for many civilians a "living hell."
Wealthy Gulf nations - traditionally on the sidelines as major donors to U.N. aid efforts - took the lead in the latest drive with at least $900 million offered in a sign of their expanding political profile since the Arab Spring and their role as critical regional backers of the Syrian rebels.
But the success of swiftly pulling together the funds was tempered by reminders that the aid is expected to cover the relief costs only until summer, highlighting the massive burden to cope with needs from Syria's civil war and its spillover in a region where refugees are sometimes pouring into camps at the rate of 3,000 a day. The concern was evident from Ban even as he lauded the current outpouring, noting that more nations will be asked to give and others may have to dig deeper as the Syrian crisis grows.
The current.
Another serious challenge is trying to gain access to civilians in rebel-held territory, aid officials said. The U.N. and other international groups must operate out of the Syrian capital, Damascus, and can be left struggling to arrange convoys through battle lines and making contacts with opposition groups.
"We know we are not reaching all the people who need to be reached," said the U.N.'s humanitarian chief, Valerie Amos, who held talks earlier this week with Syrian officials.
Ban opened the one-day gathering in Kuwait pushed to the limit..
"We have reached the end of the line. We have exhausted our resources," said Jordan's King Abdullah II...
>)
<|endofexample|>
Part of what's wrong with this community
Editor:
There has been a poor dead dog laying alongside Highway 491, just outside of Cortez, for a couple of weeks now. My wife, who is an animal activist and professional pet sitter, has tried to get the corpse picked up, with no success. No surprise in this day and age; none of our public agencies will step up. Cortez and Montezuma County are supposed to be some kind of tourist destination with Mesa Verde and all of that; I wonder how that plays with corpses laying alongside the road.
I have been a resident here for 12 years now, and constantly read of this angst as to what is wrong with this community, why we can't attract industry and professional services. Look in the mirror: stupidity and opposition to change.
I will go tomorrow morning and pick up this poor dog, take it to my own residence, and give it a proper burial. Shame on you Cortez, Montezuma County and the State of Colorado for sitting on your thumbs.
Chris Barnhouse
Cortez
Via email
<|endofexample|>
According to (at that time) adopted Statute of the JTC, training programs were targeted towards judges, judicial assistants and court trainees, as well as other staff employed in the courts’ administration and courts’ guard.
Main task of the JTC, according to this Statute, is training of judges and other above mentioned target groups in the fields of new legislation, international standards in different legal areas, modern methods of conducting judicial work and organizing court managment, foreign languages, computer skills, etc. JTC organized its first training activity named 'Enforcement of the Law on Executive Procedure' on 22nd December 2000. During first year of its functioning, JTC tended to respond to the needs of judges which were recognized by the editors of the JTC programs (judges of the Supreme Court) and also through filling the questionnaires by other judges. Training on enforcement of the Law on Executive Procedure was organized. This law was causing certain problems in practise at that time. Series of seminars named 'Civil Procedure Code - Efficiency of the Procedure' were organized in Podgorica and Bijelo Polje with the purpose of improving the efficiency of trials in accordance with the Council of Europe standards concering the right to a fair trial. Series of seminars in the field of substantive criminal law were organized for criminal judges, and also series of seminars named 'Criminal Procedure Code in Practise' began.
JTC has organized really many different training activities so far (seminars, round tables, workshops, courses, regional conferences, study visits, publishing and similar). Reports on JTC training activities can be found at the page of this web-site named 'Activity reports'. According to the JTC evidence on participation in its training activities, huge majority of Montenegrin judges participated in these activities (aprox. 90% - also see research on judges and judicial assistants and their training at the page of this web-site named 'Publications'). In addition to providing participation of judges in its own activities, JTC also helps judges to participate in many other activities which are completely organized by other organizations, or where the JTC is one of the co-organizers. When conducting trainings, JTC always tends to take practical approach. This anticipates analyses of the case-law, discussions and solving practical problems. Active participation is encouraged and trainings are organized for small groups of trainees (20-30 participants).
It should be stressed that JTC has so far cooperated with significant number of relevant partners (European Union/European Agency for Reconstruction, Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe-OSCE, Council of Europe, Foundation Open Society Institute-Soros, Checchy and Company Consulting, Inc./USAID, UNDP, etc.). In the field of human rights training and training on standards of the Council of Europe, JTC cooperates with organizations which are specialized for offering this kind of training. Primarily with the Council of Europe, then also with the AIRE Centre from London (Advice on Individual Rights in Europe), CEDEM (Center for Democracy and Human Rights from Podgorica-Montenegro) and similar.
It is extremely important to emphasize that in April 2006 Law on Judiciary Training was adopted. Its implementation started on 1st January 2007. This law introduces many important novelties when training of judges and prosecutors in Montenegro is concerned. Text of this law and also text about it, can be found at the page of this web-site named 'Laws and other legal documents'.
All the other useful information about JTC, as well as all our publications, can be found at the other pages of this web-site. We are, of course, at you disposal for any eventual comments, questions or sugestions.
Kind regards!
JUDICIAL TRAINING CENTER OF MONTENEGRO
Call for expression of interest to experts
The Centre hereby publishes a call for expression of interest to all interested parties who consider themselves experts in specific legal and other related areas. The Centre will enter all applications into a database of potential experts. There is a possibility that the persons who apply to this call may be hired by the Centre as lecturers in different training programmes for judges and prosecutors. Eligible applicants include both national and foreign entities, as well as judges, public prosecutors and lawyers.
Full text of the call for expression of interest is available here
<|endofexample|>
Updates by Region:
Need Training?
Build a solid foundation in science, formulation and product development—find out more!
Most Popular in:
Europe
263
EU Regulatory Update: The Individual Safety Assessment–a Practical Approach towards Regulation (EC) No 1223/2009
Excerpt Only
The EU's Proposed 8th Amendment
By: David C. Steinberg, Steinberg & Associates
Posted: June 3, 2008, from the June 2008 issue of Cosmetics & Toiletries.
Just.
This is only an excerpt of the full article that appeared in Cosmetics & Toiletries, but you can purchase the full-text version.
<|endofexample|>
>>
Very interesting, as always. I like some of it, but not other bits. I would like the library a lot lighter. White glossy wood. Brighter carpet, lighter furniture. To me the black and dark are very oppressive.
The hall and the library are almost too big. They look like a hotel, not a house. But then, I live in a tiny house, so everything seems HUGE!
loved your insight on this home... home psychology... what a cool major that would be... my favorite room was the kitchen... loved it me thinks this couple has some great but simple meals prepared there with the freshest of ingredients. Another great job Dr. Webb !
Home Psychology 101...can I sign up Mrs. Webb? You'd be the best professor I ever had!!!!!!
This house is so interesting. The kitchen is my favorite room but I love the library. I like the rug and the leather. Every room can't be seagrass and white slipcovers. LOL Although, in your hands it would indeed be perfectly done.
Can't wait for your library post.
A house shrink - Dr. Webb it is! Great imagination. Too bad the 'burbs of Houston are so dull. You are "spot on" about brown leather sofas, orange floors, honkin' TVs - it's the average home of Houston: yuk! I would absolutely KILL for the yard(s). And, the kitchen - swoon worthy. Thanks as always for the eye candy.
I love the glossy black staircase and the study!! So unexpected!! It's a very serious, elegant look--but to me, it's a little disjointed from the rest of the house. The kitchen and nook look like they belong in a different house---especially with the large clock which is almost humourous---quite the opposite of those dark oil paintings and daunting law books.
I think she did get some help from a designer. But with a short-leash and in a very "controlled" fashion. ;)
Fun read!!
So glad I took a break from my nightly Olympics marathon to read this post and enjoy the home! So fun to imagine the couple you've described. Hope you don't come to my house via the miracle of the internet - My decorating philosophy is a honkin' TV in every room!
Joni, I think you are right on! I am a Realtor... totally agree..so much on the MLS.. so boring.. we agents try to encourage the sellers as MUCH as possible to re-vamp so our pics INVITE the public in...GREAT POST .. I do like the breakfast room..I am of the more casual sort.. I did like the collection of chairs..
Dear Joni,
I think you are spot on! I can't imagine having a house full of children and no TV - so definitely empty nesters. My favorite room was the breakfast room - gorgeous. But the black library with white slipcovers and seagrass would be stunning - so would bright red leather chairs with nickel nailheads, white flokati rugs. Very fun!
Yeah, I've been waiting for your next post. Again, you did not disappoint. While I am all too familiar with MLS, we've owned 11 houses so far, they were not in such stately homes. I had some comfort in our first house when I realized that huge gorgeous homes were not necessarily so gorgeous inside. I'd want to eat with the homeowners in the kitchen on that big beautiful farm table. I also love the breakfast room. I agree that the house is a little disjointed, but obviously very much to the owners personality. Lovely indeed!
Can I eat my meal in the library? Or actually can I just live in the library? It looks so cozy- I dont think I would ever come out of there!
The kitchen is my favorite! Love it!!!
You gave me quite the chuckle reading through your analysis.
Hope your class isn't full, professor....I want in too!!! :)
I think the house, garden and rooms were created by the owners with things collected throughout their life, either from family or bought impulsively. I think I see acedemics...maybe literature or law, but I see a professor here. I am reminded of a home here...the wife was European and a gourmet and the food was...lasagna with spinach pasta the wife had made and with a cream sauce... I want to go here...often. I want a casual meal in the kitchen and dinner in the dining room. And I want to see what books they read. This was delicious.
Joni, you and I are two of a kind. Your description of the process that you go through when finding real estate gems is EXACTLY what I do when I find an intriguing listing. I am always speculating on why people are moving...and I love to solve the mystery.
Great post! This is definitely a house of empty nesters. No children anywhere to be seen...so no grandchildren yet. It is too dark and not pulled together enough for my taste, yet there are some beautiful touches and I love that rock crystal chandelier. In fact, I like most of their lighting. I wonder why there are no pictures of the bedrooms?
I adore the kitchen but it seems disjointed from the rest of the decor to me. The kitchen seems in tune with the exterior of the house and the gardens, while the rest of the interior seems separate in feel.
The front garden area is simply wonderful!
Joni, very well done. I do this all the time. Like you, I pore over the upscale realtor's websites, and so much of it is just this neo-palladian-tuscan meets wedding cake confection I just cannot stand.
This was a Normandy breath of fresh air. I'm over the moon about that front garden. I despise cookie cutter front yards of all grass and azaleas and crepe myrtle (not that I hate those plants.
don't forget publicdata.com in your little arsenal of research! You little Lois Lane you!
Still, I think you forgot the part where there is no front door because no one is coming to see the man who defended the biggest criminals of the century and how they are moving to Darfur to atone for their ill-gotten gains! (rant mode disengaged)
Fabulous post, I love your home psychology game - you're good at it!
Loved the house, even though it's about five houses rolled into one with very little continuity from room to room. They don't care, because when they built it they incorporated little bits of all of the places they've lived in and loved over they years. You see...they lived abroad for many years, he's a writer and she majored in art history, they met in Moscow, never had children, they're selling the house because moving back to the U.S. just isn't what they thought it would be. They miss their eccentric European friends, they're going back.
Oh my...I'm liking this game you've created.
I am absolutely cracking up! I found this house on HAR a few weeks ago and was dumfounded myself- I checked out owners on HCAD also (did I really think I would know them???!!!). The kitchen is amazingly unique... the breakfast room looks like a Salem, Massachusetts diorama (think "Bewitched" set- Ugh!).
Joni- I call HAR surfing a "sport"- it drives the realtors crazy! Nothing unique or "mysterious" about their job anymore. How much fun to check out how other people live and decorate. Keep "surfing" my friend because I love all of your clever postings!!!
Joni, I love the library and the door in the kitchen! You are right, this house is so atypical Houston. The garden is really unusual.
Looking forward to your library posts. I've always wanted one of my own :-)
LOVE th kitchen and the glossy paint hall and library. Gorgeous.
Beautiful exposition on this home, it made my lunch thoroughly worthwhile!
That is one unusual home, but it's fun to see such a unique space. I was expecting Vincent Price to be sitting in the library in one of those huge leather wing chairs! All that black paint intriques me--they're brave to coat the entire room with it. I agree with you about white slipcovers--it needs some light. I'd like the library better if the bookcases were slightly smaller/lower so the walls could be dark but the bookcases and window trim could be cream or white. Great post, as usual!!
Interesting to imagine the house decorated by totally different hands. What a different vibe it would give off. A house can (and should) show the owner's personality and these homeowner's are indeed intriguing, Professor Webb. Nothing more boring than a professionally decorated house that reveals nothing about the people living there.
What a Great Place!
Loaded with personality and I'm with you, love the kitchen and breakfast area.
I would say the owners are comfortable in their skin!
Great post and photo's.
Thanks!
Love the house. So different-I love it when people take risks and they pay off. Especially like the dark hall and library, BUT as the new owner you'd probably have to repaint the entry hall unless you had a huge art collection- the paintings make it work.
LOVE the architecture and gardens and that fabulous kitchen. Yes, the decor is 'off,' but the good bones are there. Such potential! And your psychological profile sounds spot on to me!
-Lana
Love it! You are spot on! I wish there was a close up of the kitchen sink... that kitchen was my favorite room, the pantry door, the lived-in feel... it's simply divine. You are right about 'no designer'... a designer couldn't mismatch that perfectly if they tried.
That top picture is so sad... the diagonal arrangement of the rug and furniture makes me crazy and those 'high water' window treatments are soooo sad. You can tell they were like "what are we going to do with these arch top windows?"
Great post!
erika
Ka-pow! Knockout post....love slipping into someone else shoes like that. Yea, I played real estate agent for a while and there are so many pottery barn blahs without personality... but this house is something else. the kitchen is wonderful...the library is cool, but felt like a Havard Club. Just not my taste. The gardens are sweet and no grass to mow! Hot damn. love it. Great post Joni, you made my morning.
Ha! Fun post...scary, but fun. I know it's all public info, but Yowza!
Loving the architecture and the outside...they even have bananas! Is that common in Houston?
Not loving all of the interiors...really don't like the wall treatment. But some gorgeous rugs....and a lovely, comfortable kitchen indeed!
wow, I love that entry area and the front yard - magical!!! The other interiors are lovely if not quite my taste. YOu need to go tour the home and pretend you are on the market! That way you can see the upstairs and further test your diganosis!
I love the library. As a Midwesterner, I'm guessing it's all about cool and dark — the opposite of Houston outside the windows. If you are not familiar with it, David Hicks' library was very dark, though quite small, so it is much more cozy. We have bookcases in almost every room in our house: white in a pale guest room, cherry in my husband's "study" with dark gary walls (Woodcut by Benj Moore) and a black bookcase in my sitting room which has dark furniture, red walls and green trim. Can't wait for your library post. I have files and books devoted to the subject in prep for turning the family room into the main library. I think of the other ones as branch libraries.
I remember seeing this house when it first came on the market. It makes you feel like you're in a little French or English village, not in the center of Houston. I also love the glossy black staircase and the kitchen.
Oh Joni, what a great post.
That top photo is just so sad. All too typical, unfortunately, of what the average McMansion owner thinks is great. I sense that the husband was involved in this design via the horrible brown leather pieces and that the wifey did the window treatments after getting a quote from a real designer for actual window treatments.
I love the 2nd home, especially the landscaping and the kitchen. For some reason the kitchen reminds me of the Weasley's kitchen in Harry Potter - I think it is the long table..
Wonderful post, Joni. I definitely think there's a psychology to homes and decorating. The kitchen and breakfast room are wonderful and look very authentic. Great find on Houston's mls!
If you had a library that big you might not leave even to get your Starbucks! Love the snooping - keep it up.
Jackie
I wanted to post before reading the other comments, so as not to be further swayed in my analysis (shrink hat on).
He is a Commander/Demander. He may walk soft but it isn't a stick he carries rather a cannon. The one slain never saw it coming and never dies rather left with ruin.
She knows the game. She plays it well. She loves art, music and is eclectic in her life, as you correctly assume. She is a mystery. She is quiet and busy. Living on her own terms, as does he; a good match, odd match but it works for them...at least for mow.
The house is definitely a designers work. A reflection of him with a soft indulgence for her in pink and eclectic.
I agree, they don't entertain formally. Perhaps they entertain close friends individually and for a purpose, but not the typical diner club. I can't think of a more mis-matched room than that dining room. Looks as though NO one every goes in there and if they do it's family. They let the designer make the curtains, throw up a sconce or two, but nothing more.
They may have cocktails with friends in the library or her room, but it would be rare I think.
The entry way was HIS and she won the right to arrange the stair artwork and family (?) portraits.
Education is important to them.
She lives in parts of the mansion and might be happier in a cottage on the lake in Austin with a large music studio and vast walls to display art.
I hope they priced that house a bit below market. Obviously He cares little for what his neighbors may think and certainly makes no nod to tradition or propriety, as he IS the Joneses.
Fun game this House Psychology.
This post was a thrill for me. I was a sociology major in school, with an emphasis on psychology. I once did a paper on how I could read a person's character and personality from seeing their home.
I got an A as I remember and it is still a *game* I play even now.
This is a sophisticated couple but not snobbish at all. They appreciate art, music and the theater and travel quite a bit. They are comfortabel with themselves, each other, their closest friends and family. They love their home. It is their haven and respite from the world.
Well educated and well read, with a good sense of whimsy thrown into the mix.
They adore Europe and have traveled (Perhaps lived there for a time) there extensively but love being home best.
They love good food and cook at home quite a bit. Never afraid to try something new and always have a delicious wine to compliment the courses.
It is a well loved and lived in home. Each new ding and stain just reflects a life well lived. Nothing is too frou frou not to be lived wit. Family pieces have been passed down from generations and still admired.
I adore all the dark colors but that is just me. I know many who disagree with that. I find them soothing and cozy, no matter the season.
The kitchen is to die for and is stylish yet a true home kitchen.
I loved the beginning of the post. So many home I see on the realtors lists look the same. I swear they all shop at the same stores. Look here...I have &^*&^$ amount of dollars, now show me 4 rooms and I will take thenm all. No thougt or personal style involved. I have known so many who have done just that. of course, they come here and I know my home makes them dizzy. I have heard the statements, "How did you know thus would go with that?" or "My, you do like strabge things don't you?" a time or two. I love a home that has been put together over years, not weeks. These homewoners did just that...
Many huge homes here are on the market because the people just overextended themselves. Many have little furniture in them at all. They bought the big house and had no money to make it a home.
Thank you for another wonderful post Joni! I loved it.
Love,
Sue
What a fun post! You had me laughing out loud at being a web detective; I partake in the same sort of "snooping."
The first room you showed was truly awful. Definitely a la "Rooms to Go."
Love, love, love the Normandy house. I agree with those who think a designer was involved, but maybe that's because I'm unable to put anything together on my own.
My favorites from the house were the rug and curtains in the living room and that beautiful piano (or perhaps it's a harpsichord or virginal - how cool would that be?). And that library... wow, oh wow. I love all the dark paneling - think they're very much in keeping with the period of the house. The only things I didn't care for were the window treatments in the dining room and the stain color in the kitchen. But, honestly, I could move right in and not change a thing and still be in heaven.
Thanks for sharing!
This was a fun and interesting post. As much as I love this house -- I was more intriqued with your mention of your interior doors painted black. I could hardly sleep last night, thinking about that. Could you share some photos of your black doors? This might be my next design project in my home! Thanks, -shirl
Very interesting. House number one says divorce to me, or bachelor. Maybe it's sexist of me, but no woman I know would ever pick those Superbowl couches. And I agree with everyone who thinks someone involved with number 2 has an affection for things European. I'm amazed the house is only 4 years old. It has a very individual personality, and it seems hard to imagine that people would put that time in and then move on. But I still think it could be the product of a great collaboration between designer and homeowner and landscape architect. Has anyone checked with Vervoordt? In any case, while it is a bit noir, I love it, and the magical garden leavens the subdued tone of the house.
Well, you KNOW I was gonna love all that gloss and gild! Completely LOVE the foyer/staircase/library. WEll, not huge on the library furnishings/carpet, but everything else is quite enjoyable.
I'll be the voice of dissent here..... I think they worked with a designer, however,kept him/her on an as per need basis, but the relationship fizzled towards the end. There aren't enough 'touches' to make it look professionally done through and through, but I have a strong feeling that someone who knew a thing or two about finishes and hanging artwork came in :) Just my .02
Andrea V.
Fascinating and fabulous post as usual. I love the library also - especially love how dark it is which surprises me as I'm usually into more light.
What I can never understand is why new homeowners can't see past the paint selection on the walls or the existing furniture. Come on people if you don't like the red living room you can always paint it!
My favorite is the exterior with the crushed stone pathways.
I know that staging homes is a very big business and there are definitely many homeowners who really could use this service. However, this home doesn't need any staging IMO. It looks comfortable, well used and loved.
Look at that kitchen! Lovely style and feels like you're in the middle of the Provence! But with a bit of American style also!, lol...
Very interesting post, Joni. I believe you are very close in your idea of the owners.
I spotted that fabric swatch too. She wants to lighten the mood with some updating of the room, perhaps.
I wonder, too, why they are selling. A young couple in our development is selling their home, that is only about 4 years old. It's a gorgeous home, pool, pool house, recreation room/bar in lower level. I had an odd idea they would not live there long, from the beginning and guessed the reason it's selling before I heard about it. Divorce is the reason for it being on the market. Not decorated/furnished at all. It is a home/house built for partying. We believe one of them wasn't a partier. Alas, it's on the market.
Just some neighborhood "gossip" from, Pat
PLEASE tell me why I can't hang my dining room mirror horizontally. I have a very long buffet and hanging it horizontally works but after your commetn I wonder....
Okay Joni, I'm ready for you to set up an analysis blog for interiors! We can send in our photos of our home and be "analyzed". Sort of a house horoscope! What FUN that would be for US!
When I saw the FIRST photo, I feared you thought it a room worth investigating and worried you'd "lost your touch". Relief that it was not so. :)
As for your assessment, in THAT price bracket, it's hard to tell if the rooms truly reflect the owners or what the owners WANT us to think about them. But it's fun to hypothesize!
Exquisite. Joni, you should give the link for the listing and save us the hassle of going through house after house to find this beauty.
I enjoyed your assessment. I am curious about your "paint doors black" comment. I am contemplating such a thing. Can you recommend a paint color and sheen please?
Dee
Hi Joni, I was referring in my post to the photo of the first room - the lovely brown sofas and chairs et al - I think I must have made it sound like I thought there were 2 houses...
You are the first designer to post on my website. I may be finished driving again for awhile; today I went to Calico Corners to pick up some samples for my living room...
You should have seen my tractor when I was driving over the road. The bunk had custom bedspread, lovely sheets and a feather bed. Many pillows. The other drivers (very few actually saw it) loved it, even the men. It was a fabulous adventure and I miss it a lot.
I loved the freedom of it. You get to spend a great deal of time by yourself, and that works for me. I listened to a lot of books on tape and a lot of NPR. I didn't make enough to afford XM Radio, but found I really didn't need it. I love driving - still do and if someone needs for me to drive them I'm ready. I was driving the wheels off my car and just decided one day to get a commercial driver's license (CDL) because I like big trucks. After a couple of months of school and living with my trainer in a space the size of a small walk-in closet for 6 weeks I was off on my own as a solo driver. I went to 42 states in 2 years. I designed rooms in my mind and buildings to build in the future. The best part may be that NO ONE can micro-manage you. That is something that just makes me crazy. And the older I get the crazier it makes me.
love that glossy block woodwork in the library and entry- it's a brave and bold move, and it completely works. the faux finish above the wood in the entry, not so much but hey- it's not my house.
love the crashed stone on the exterior paths as well- so perfect.
and joni- you have a great ey for detail- the french door hardware is lovely. in a photo, i doubt i would have noticed, but as a designer, i know that's the kind of thing that in person makes a room special...
I think you are right about them not socializing much. The front of the home looks as though they are trying to hide from the rest of the world.
The entrance is pure wow factor and it connects to the style of the library perfectly, they might not have had an interior designer work on these two rooms but they for sure had custom wood work done by a specialist.
Upon seeing the drawing room I got the feeling that yes this was all passed down in the family...... the house, furniture, etc., and it almost seems like there is someone that is dictating that they leave everything alone, possilby the person who passed the furniture to them? I also see a couple of modern paintings in the drawing room, so someone is trying to express something?
I think the kitchen and breakfast area was done by a designer. In Tennessee designers are always doing a mix match of chairs in the breakfast areas. Also the sweedish farm look and modern lighting strays from the classic english antiques and style they have in the rest of the home.
One thing for sure is that when you step onto this property you truly go back in time.
Lovely post.
Wow, what a difference from the usual ugly brown stuff, and so much nicer than the staged decor you see everywhere. I love all the art, and the antique furniture. I would love to cook and share a meal in that kitchen. And I love that library, although I do see how the seagrass and white upholstered pieces would be an improvement. Thanks for the tour!
xoxo,
Mary
Loved this post!!! That first room looks like an ad staged for Costco or something. Awful. Anyway, this was a fascinating read! Thanks. I love beautiful rooms through the eyes of an "unprofessional" photographer (whether from a real estate agent or you) because the rooms seem more real, somehow. Like another reader, I'd love to see the bedrooms! And I agree with you about the seagrass and white in that library.
My opinion is that if she's looking at fabric samples, there is not a divorce-- wouldn't that be the last thing on your mind? Maybe he got a business opportunity they couldn't pass up to spend a couple of years in France or London? Or the 130 year old mansion they've always been madly in love with FINALLY went on the market and they just have to get in there and renovate it...
I often wonder why people sell their beautiful houses as well. I really don't have a strong opinion on this one - I'd say they are probably moving because the house is filled with personal touches - and that's not something you just tire of.
I will say that I DO think that a designer was consulted for this house - probably one they've worked with before on other houses. That would explain some of the outdated upholstery - the clients didn't want to redo that stuff just then when they were first moving in. Several things make me think this - but most of all is the rug in the living room. It's from Stark. Also, the kitchen is very well done. Very efficient - and done for someone who likes to cook - but I still see a designer's touch there.
I think this is a really really cool house. The entryway and library make me think of the game "Clue" - it's very very English Manor. But the other parts are softer... it's interesting.
I think you should pitch this as a show on TV... "the House Psychologists: What Your Home Says About You". I'd watch!!
The couple that owns this wonderful home loves Europe, especially the gardens. They have been married for awhile and have blended their unique tastes and personalities. They have also learned the art of compromise.
His rooms are the entry way and library. Hers are the kitchen and breakfast room. He likes order and symentry, she is more carefree and whimsical.
She is sentimental and will recover those sofa's over and over through the years. She also has a lot of wedding present looking candle sticks around. He loves the more traditional paintings, she has collected the more modern pieces.
The dining room was also inherited. That is a room only used on holidays.
This is so much fun. Thanks for my daily respite.
There is something so wonderful about the written word in your hands. I love the library!!!
Interesting house! But what's with the sound-proof room? They seem to have extreme privacy already - If they don't entertain much and even have a recognizable front door - why does he need to hide his conversations from his partner?
hmmm.....
I love perusing the MLS, lots of beautiful interiors on the Los Angeles MLS. I could never describe them as well as you do though. As always, an interesting and informative post. That kitchen is wonderful, the entry and kitchen alone would sell that home.
That is a grande hallway! And that library! wow
Love your blog...I'm a Texan, too....
Uh oh! I have a horizontal mirror in my dining room! I'll get that changed ASAP. (Please don't hold it against me . . .)
Angela P.
Absolutely, I will be doing one of my "hooked on houses" drive-bys....discretely hanging out the SUV window and snapping photos. Sigh. Priced at $3,250,000, it's obviously worth every penny. No Tuscan-inspired, faux stucco, concrete lions at the entrance, Houston builder's special for me.
J,
you are such a good read. Isnt it refreshing to see a one in a million home thats not sooo cookie cutter boring? This one is a sparkler, for sure.
Lisa
coastal Nest
Fascinating article on the Kennedys...impressive research.
However, with all due respect...
...". Wow, harsh! This is someone's home--very hurtful if this post was pointed out to them. IMO.
"Jane" - actually that comment was about 90 percent of the houses in HOuston, so that's a lot of hurt people. I only showed that picture because of the leather furniture. If the owners didn't want their house up for scrutiny, I suspect they wouldn't have it on the internet. And trust me, by the looks of it, I don't think they really care about their decor that much. Most people really don't and have a sense of humor about their lack of decor. But - you have a point, I do try not to be overly insensitive in my criticisms - but this is MY blog where I express my opinions about decor and like I said, the image was obtained publically.
I'm going to guess that both of these people are tall! I find this house pretty overwhelming - lots of oversized things. I have a pretty typical suburban 4-bedroom house in NW Houston. It's pretty hard to do much with it. (I did take out the corner bar in the family room!!)
I love your pictures!
but I'm curious...why never hang a mirror horizontally? I totally agree that in some spaces vertical is ABSOLUTELY the way to go...but to say "People, do NOT hang your mirror horizontally! Ever! NEVER!"? Isn't that a bit much? Is there some stylistic/design logic of which I'm unaware?
I love going through all the pictures, and I absolutely love your blog! I am so glad my dear friend, Laurie told me about it! It's fun to surmise about their life. Connie/puddin07
Another great blog - I could spend all day looking at the beautiful pictures you've taken or have found to describe your design sensibilities and tastes. I too love that dining room, but alas, hubby would be rather upset if I decided to paint all our bungalow's natural woodwork high-gloss ebony. What a beautiful home though, and in such a lovely neighborhood too! I hate the humidity of Houston, but to live in that house, in that neighborhood, with that garden - I might just learn to deal with it! Great post!
i will tell you, the owner (man) designed and built that house, head to toe. the wife did add some touches with her own antiques and furniture. notice in the kitchen that there are no "toe kicks," true to the era.
im loving the descriptions of the owners- no they did not meet in moscow and is a second marriage for both. they also have 5 kids between them, and you're right, no grandkids! ages range from 18-28. the husband is extremely brilliant... i will leave the rest to your imagination and not spoil the fun! :)
"Katie- from August 18th"- you are wrong about all of the above- COSTCO? really? your opinion about the seagrass is fine..but the rest is wrong :) but you can keep guessing!
... i dont think the owners would even know what costco is. probably never been inside one?
in the words of everyone's favorite, Paris Hilton, "what's a walmart?"
wait!!!!! She is NOT talking about the beautiful house being like Costco - she is talking about the 1st picture of the ugly house!!!! Not the house in River Oaks. Go back to the blog and you will see - that first room is from a home in Bellaire. hahahah!!! And I think I know who one of the Anons is! thanks so much - this is fun.
Joni
Joni...I love your imagination and your eloquence. I too, look at the Atlanta MLS and am so discouraged by what I see "designers" do. It all looks the same. Big furniture, no character, matchy-matchy...uggghhh.
The black staircase is beautiful...I would love to do that, but my husband would croak!
Hi everyone!
I really appreciate your website, I'll be back soon!
Tell me what you think of my writings on hypnosis.
your hose is very beautiful and interior design is a very great & your web site help for us thanks!
moving to texas ,
You have a very interesting way of expressing yourself, which I like and as much as I can see so do other, visitors. Keep up the good work with such relevant information..
<|endofexample|>
All Entries Tagged With: "The Avengers"
6 Movies Expected for Marvel’s Phase 3 Line-Up
With Marvel’s Phase 2 set to kick off later this year, we jump even further ahead exploring what has been announced and can be expected for Phase 3 of Marvel’s Cinematic Universe..
Joss Whedon Speaks on Avengers, Dr Horrible Sequel, Firefly and More
What did the geek god have to say about a possible Season 2 of Firefly? What insight did he give us about The Avengers? Read all that and more inside.
Rumors On ‘Iron Man 3′ Plot
Tony Starks follows in the footsteps of Captain America and becomes something of a cyborg in the next Iron Man movie that will follow The Avengers?.
Andrew Garfield Confirms No Spider-Man in ‘The Avengers’
In a recent interview, Andrew Garfield laid to rest any rumors of him appearing in The Avengers, stating that it just isn’t true and he had heard nothing of that possibility.
Super Bowl Trailer for ‘The Avengers’
The Super Bowl trailer for Joss Whedon’s The Avengers is online and here it is. It shows lots of cool stuff including the first footage of Hulk in action.
Downey Says ‘Iron Man 3′ Script is the Best He’s Read in 5 Years
Do these bold claims signal something great? Or just fluff from RDJ? I guess only time will tell, but for now Downey is calling it the best script he’s read in a long time.
<|endofexample|>
My favorite food when I was a kid was sushi. When teachers would ask what our favorite food was I would always say something like “pizza” to be more like the other kids (sushi wasn’t as wildly popular almost 30 years ago) but I always chose sushi for any celebratory meal. My older son absolutely loves sushi as much as I do. From the time he was a baby he always ate more at the sushi restaurant than anywhere else and that is still true. (The baby seems to like it pretty well too but he is still too little for raw fish) Given my son’s love of sushi he was absolutely smitten last year when he tried candy sushi at a school fundraiser. Made of assorted candy and rice krispie treats with fruit roll-ups as the seaweed it had all of his favorite things combined in one. We decided that we would make them for his birthday party as a fun treat. Since his birthday was right before all the fall holidays I never managed to post the recipe so I’m posting it now. It was a huge success at the party. I expected that the kids would like the candy sushi, but the adults loved it too! It is a fun addition to any festive get together.
Candy Sushi is a lot of fun to make. The sky is the limit when it comes to what candy can be used to make sushi like rolls and nigiri. We used orange jelly beans for salmon roe, banana laffy taffy for tamago (egg) and a variety of rope shaped candies to make cucumber and California rolls. Gummy worms work well too, but the store was all out of kosher ones that week so we stuck with licorice. We even made some nigiri with whole gummy fish on top! With a little imagination I think that any kind of sushi could be possible! Fun to make and fun to eat, what could be better?
Candy Sushi”.
{ 4 comments… read them below or add one }
Wow these look amazing. I wouldn’t have know they were sweet sushi without you saying. They would make a show stopping dessert for friends.
This. Is. So. Cool!
What a great idea! These look great!
how fun! I remember going for sushi with you way back in the day, they used to look at us like we were crazy :) Jamie does some of his best eating at Japanese restaurants as well.
<|endofexample|>
!
Modify this recipe to create a new version. The first step is to change the name and description. Note: If you are simply editing your own recipe, make the change(s) and then "submit."
* Required fields
Home & Decorating
Recipes & Food
More Recipes
Crafts & DIY Projects
Outdoor Living
Featured
©2013 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Being Green • Why did I get this ad?
<|endofexample|>
Back to News
Countryside In Partnership PLC were presented with the Gold Award for Best Partnership Development, for the second year running, at the 1998 What House? Awards held on November 13 at the Dorchester Hotel, London.
This success for the regeneration of the former New Kingshold Estate in Hackney follows the award two weeks ago of the NHTPC London Region Partnership Award for the same scheme.
The What House? Judges' Report said:- "Countryside In Partnership has developed a very effective formula for their inner city developments. The New Kingshold Estate in Hackney is well designed, creating an appropriate extension of the existing street pattern. The housing mix was carefully engineered to include a high proportion of homes with gardens. Neighbourhood facilities were also included in the plan. There was a range of locally recruited labour and job training, and an extensive economic development programme, in a challenging area. The Hackney scheme was awarded the top marks on the strength and extent of the partnership, obvious effort and attention to community initiatives, as well as overall quality of design."
The Managing Director of Countryside In Partnership PLC, David Everett, added "This is a tremendous accolade for us, the London Borough of Hackney, Samuel Lewis Housing Trust, local residents and all of our other partners at New Kingshold."
For further information contact:-
Michael HillCountryside In Partnership PlcTel: 01277 690548
Information correct as at 17/11
<|endofexample|>
Chicago Coupons
We've found 6,691 local coupons from 2,871 locations in ChicagoChange Location
Nearby Neighborhoods
- Lakeview (620)
- Lincoln Park (576)
- Near North Side (545)
- The Loop (449)
- West Town (434)
- Depaul (342)
- Cragin (322)
- Lawndale (287)
- Albany Park (75)
- Andersonville (63)
- Archer Heights (85)
- Armour Square (30)
- Ashburn (42)
- Auburn Gresham (35)
- Austin (126)
- Avalon Park (26)
- Avondale (91)
- Beverly (175)
- Brainerd (33)
- Bridgeport (16)
- Brighton Park (88)
- Bucktown (172)
- Calumet Heights (39)
- Canaryville (4)
- Chatham (79)
- Chinatown (23)
- Clearing (18)
- Cragin (322)
- Depaul (342)
- Douglas (34)
- Dunning (207)
- East Garfield Park (8)
- East Side (20)
- East Village (67)
- Edgewater (127)
- Edison Park (14)
- Englewood (18)
- Forest Glen (14)
- Fuller Park (1)
- Fulton Market (12)
- Gage Park (61)
- Galewood (25)
- Garfield Ridge (79)
- Gold Coast (93)
- Goose Island (7)
- Grand Boulevard (31)
- Greater Grand Crossing (48)
- Greektown (23)
- Hegewisch (12)
- Hermosa (40)
- Humboldt Park (122)
- Hyde Park (30)
- Irving Park (166)
- Jefferson Park (60)
- Jeffery Manor (2)
- Jeffrey Manor (10)
- Kenwood (19)
- Lakeview (620)
- Lakeview East (104)
- Lawndale (287)
- Lincoln Park (576)
- Lincoln Square (61)
- Little Italy (18)
- Logan Square (163)
- Madison Square (2)
- Magnificent Mile (35)
- Marquette Park (55)
- McKinley Park (62)
- Medical Village (79)
- Montclare (140)
- Morgan Park (52)
- Mount Greenwood (39)
- Near North Side (545)
- Near South Side (137)
- Near West Side (259)
- New City (40)
- New Eastside (27)
- Noble Square (94)
- North Center (122)
- North Lawndale (25)
- North Park (69)
- Northalsted (188)
- Norwood Park (78)
- O'Hare (100)
- Oakland (1)
- Old Town (103)
- Pilsen (59)
- Portage Park (173)
- Printer's Row (35)
- Pullman (1)
- Ravenswood (112)
- River East (6)
- River North (189)
- River West (42)
- Rogers Park (88)
- Roscoe Village (68)
- Roseland (76)
- Sauganash (10)
- Scottsdale (93)
- Smith Park (5)
- South Chicago (18)
- South Deering (14)
- South Lawndale (86)
- South Loop (167)
- South Shore (83)
- Streeterville (115)
- The Loop (449)
- Tri-taylor (21)
- Ukrainian Village (41)
- University Village (202)
- Uptown (224)
- Washington Heights (35)
- Washington Park (25)
- West Elsdon (46)
- West Englewood (68)
- West Garfield Park (2)
- West Lawn (168)
- West Loop (111)
- West Pullman (16)
- West Ridge (192)
- West Town (434)
- Wicker Park (168)
- Woodlawn (8)
Displaying Locations 1-50 of 2,871 in Chicago
- 1
- 2Subway
77 W Jackson Blvd
Chicago, IL 60604
Get a breakfast combo for $3
Get select 6" subs for $3
+ 1 more offer
- 3Quiznos
333 S State St
Chicago, IL 60604
$1 off a regular or large sub purchase
Buy one sub & regular fountain drink & get an additional sub free
+ 1 more offer
- 4Payless
100 W Randolph St
Chicago, IL 60601
25% off any purchase
- 5Dairy Queen
436 S Wabash Ave
Chicago, IL 60605
$5 lunch from 11-4pm
- 6
- 7Jamba Juice
225 S Canal St
Chicago, IL 60606
Get a 16oz. smoothie for $2
- 8Office Depot
6 S State St
Chicago, IL 60603
$10 off a $50 purchase
$15 off a $75 purchase
+ 3 more offers
- 9Staples
111 N Wabash Ave
Chicago, IL 60602
20% off a $30 Copy & Print purchase
20% off any Staples EasyTech Service purchase
+ 14 more offers
- 10Books-A-Million
144 S Clark St
Chicago, IL 60603
$5 off a $25 purchase
- 11Walgreens
16 W Adams St
Chicago, IL 60603
$3 off one Tummy Calm purchase
33% off aphoto enlargement, collage print, poster or banner purchase
+ 1 more offer
- 12Taco Bell
500 W Madison St
Chicago, IL 60661
Loaded Grillers, Freezes, Sparklers & medium drinks for $1 from 2-5pm
- 13Ace Hardware
440 N Orleans St
Chicago, IL 60654
Get a free pair of Ace brand canvas gloves with a $20 purchase
- 14
- 15Target
1154 S Clark St
Chicago, IL 60605
$1 off a select Rubbermaid plastic tote purchase
$1 off three greeting cards
+ 21 more offers
- 16Einstein Bros. Bagels
400 N Dearborn St
Chicago, IL 60654
Get a free bagel and schmear at Einstein Bros Bagel when you join the E-club
Value breakfast for $3.99
- 17Lane Bryant
129 N Wabash Ave
Chicago, IL 60602
$25 off a $75 purchase
$50 off a $150 purchase
+ 1 more offer
- 18Edible Arrangements
1239 S. Michigan Ave
Chicago, IL 60605
$3 Off Any Box Of Chocolate Dipped Fruit
-Not Valid With Any Other Offers or Specials -One Coupon Per Person -Valid at 1239 S. Michigan Ave. Only $5.00 off any arrangement $50.00 or more
-Not Valid With Any Other Offers or Specials -One Coupon Per Person -valid only at 1239 S. Mich. Ave.
- 19Carson Pirie Scott
120 S Riverside Plz Lbby 1
Chicago, IL 60606
$25 off a $75 purchase
$5 off a $5 purchase
+ 8 more offers
- 20
- 21Uno Chicago Grill
619 N Wabash Ave
Chicago, IL 60611
Get a free $5 Bonus Voucher with your purchase of a $25 gift card
- 22Yankee Candle
222 Merchandise Mart Plz
Chicago, IL 60654
$10 off a $25 purchase
$15 off a $35 purchase
+ 1 more offer
- 23
- 24TGI Fridays
153 E Erie St
Chicago, IL 60611
Drinks & appetizers for $3 each on Thursdays
Get a free $10 Bonus Bites Card when you purchase a $50 gift card
- 25
- 26H & M
328 S Jefferson St
Chicago, IL 60661
20% off any single item when you sign up for HM.com's email
- 27Fleming's
25 E Ohio St
Chicago, IL 60611
Free $25 gift card for fathers on Father's Day
Get a $20 Bonus Card with a $100 gift card purchase
+ 2 more offers
- 28Midas
158 W Grand Ave
Chicago, IL 60654
$10 off a $100 service
$10 off a high mileage or full synthetic oil change service
+ 9 more offers
- 29Ulta
150 W Roosevelt Rd
Chicago, IL 60605
20% off any single item
Get a free Redken Diamond Oil 5 carat finish service at The Salon from 6pm-8pm only
+ 1 more offer
- 30Petsmart
1101 S Canal St
Chicago, IL 60607
Get your first exam & consultation free
- 31Morton's
1050 N State St
Chicago, IL 60610
Bar Bites starting at $6
Get a free $50 Morton's Reward Card with a $250 Morton's gift card purchase
+ 1 more offer
- 32Firestone
1558 S Wabash Ave
Chicago, IL 60605
$10 off a cabin filter replacement service
$5 off a air filter replacement service
+ 9 more offers
- 33Stride Rite
111 N State St
Chicago, IL 60602
20% off a $50 purchase
25% off a $75 purchase
- 34Macy's
111 N State St
Chicago, IL 60602
$10 off a $75 purchase
15% off a $100 purchase
+ 1 more offer
- 35White Castle
2134 S Wabash Ave
Chicago, IL 60290
Get four free sliders when you sign up for the Craver Nation
- 36Old Navy
150 N State St
Chicago, IL 60601
$5 off a $25 purchase
$50 Restaurant.com gift certificate when you signup and spend $39 in-store (click to see details)
+ 1 more offer
- 37Popeye's
500 W Madison St
Chicago, IL 60661
Select three of a kind meal combos for $3.99
- 38Family Dollar
1533 W Chicago Ave
Chicago, IL 60642
$5 off a $25 purchase
- 39
- 40Dave & Buster's
1024 N Clark St
Chicago, IL 60610
Half price games on Wednesdays
- 41Little Caesar's
3010 S Halsted St
Chicago, IL 60608
Crazy combo for $1.99
Eight piece Caesar wings for $6
+ 2 more offers
- 42Cold Stone Creamery
1316 S Halsted St
Chicago, IL 60607
Get free ice cream on your birthday when you join the Birthday Club
- 43Aeropostale
835 N Michigan Ave
Chicago, IL 60611
$10 off a $50 purchase
10% off any purchase for Taurus with a valid ID
+ 1 more offer
- 44Cache
900 N Michigan Ave Ste L420
Chicago, IL 60611
$100 off a $400 purchase
$25 off a $125 purchase
+ 2 more offers
- 45KFC
1144 S Western Ave
Chicago, IL 60612
12 piece meal for $22.99
Breast Meal for $3.99
+ 9 more offers
- 46Dots
1250 S Ashland Ave Ste 1
Chicago, IL 60608
$10 off a $35 purchase
$10 off a $40 purchase
+ 1 more offer
- 47Toys R Us
2551 W Cermak Rd
Chicago, IL 60608
$10 off a Huggies value box of diapers purchase
$10 off a Pampers value box of diapers purchase
+ 23 more offers
- 48Boston Market
1562 N Wells St
Chicago, IL 60610
$1 off a $10 purchase
$25 off any $250 catering purchase
+ 3 more offers
- 49Guitar Center
2633 N Halsted St
Chicago, IL 60614
$15 off a $75 purchase
$150 off a $799 puchase
+ 2 more offers
- 50Carter's
1565 N Halsted St
Chicago, IL 60642
20% off a $40 purchase
25% off a $50 purchase
<|endofexample|>
Hedge. and Nvidia Corp .
The settlements come after outside investors in Cohen's fund submitted notices last month to pull $1.68 billion from SAC Capital, largely over concern about the insider trading investigation. Cohen is one of the $2 trillion hedge fund industry's best known and most successful traders.
The fines will be paid by SAC Capital's management company and not outside investors, said a person familiar with SAC Capital.
In a statement the firm said, "This settlement is a substantial step toward resolving all outstanding regulatory matters and allows the firm to move forward with confidence."
In November, regulators charged CR Intrinsic with insider trading in November when the SEC said one of its portfolio managers, Mathew Martoma, illegally obtained confidential details about a clinical trial for an Alzheimer's drug.
Martoma is facing criminal charges over the incident and has pleaded not guilty.
Neither SAC Capital nor any of it subsidiaries admitted or denied wrongdoing in agreeing to the settlements.
Cohen, one of the industry's most successful traders, has not been charged with any wrongdoing by authorities.
<|endofexample|>
When the Ravens and Pittsburgh Steelers tangle in Sunday’s season opener at M&T Bank Stadium, Terrell Suggs expects his path to Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger to be littered with roadblocks.
And those roadblocks have names – as in, offensive tackles Jonathan Scott and Willie Colon, tight end Heath Miller and H-back David Johnson.
“It’s going to start with a chip [from] Heath Miller, a back,” the four-time Pro Bowl outside linebacker said Wednesday. “I won’t be one-on-one with them because they remember the playoff game, they remember all the games I had. I think the game here, I hit Roethlisberger something like six or seven times. So like I said, they’re doing everything right now possible to make sure that I don’t have a good game.”
And for good reason. Although the Steelers have won the last two meetings and six of the last eight games in this series, Suggs has terrorized Pittsburgh and Roethlisberger.
According to statistics researched by the Ravens’ public relations staff, Suggs has collected 10½ sacks against the Steelers in the regular season. That’s the most sacks any active player has recorded against Pittsburgh and the second-most Suggs has posted against a single team. (He has sacked Cleveland quarterbacks 12 times in the regular season.)
Suggs has taken down Roethlisberger 12½ times – regular season and postseason – which is the most sacks any defensive player has registered against Roethlisberger.
Roethlisberger, who – at 6 feet, 5 inches and 241 pounds – isn’t exactly a wallflower, chuckled when asked to describe Suggs’ strengths as a pass rusher.
“How long do you have?” he asked rhetorically during a conference call with Baltimore media. “He’s such a ferocious player. He’s got really long arms and legs and he uses his arms real well. Super athletic, fast, strong, ferocious. I think even something that people don’t write about, [there’s his] intimidation factor alone. I think a lot of linemen and running backs and tight ends – before the play even starts – are a little intimidated because of his reputation of being a such a good, ferocious player. So I’m still looking for a weakness in his game. He’s pretty doggone good.”
Suggs does wear a scowl during games, and his relentless chattering has unnerved even some of his own teammates during practices, but he dismissed the notion of intimidating Steelers players as a psychological ploy.
“They’re trying to psych us out,” he said. “‘Oh, he scares me.’ They’ll do everything possible to make sure I don’t have a good game.
“I assure you that [left guard Chris] Kemoeatu is not rattled,” Suggs continued. “And last year, they had big Flozell [Adams], and I’ve always respected Flozell Adams as a good player in this league. Max Starks, they released him, but he was one of the few tackles that has given me problems. If you look at the games, we usually have good battles against each other. But I don’t think they’re rattled [about] me at all, and I guarantee you that they’ve got something in store where I won’t be one-on-one with any of their tackles.”
The 28-year-old Suggs is already the franchise leader in sack yards (519) and forced fumbles (22), and he is second in fumble recoveries (11). He has led the team in sacks in five of eight seasons since being selected with the 10th overall pick in 2003, including 11 of the Ravens’ 27 sacks last season.
Suggs has especially excelled against Pittsburgh. Last season alone, he accrued 15 tackles and 5½ sacks in three games.
In a 13-10 loss at M&T Bank Stadium on Dec. 5, Suggs sacked Roethlisberger 1½ times and hit him five times. In their last meeting, he sacked the Steelers quarterback three times in a 31-24 playoff loss on Jan. 15.
On Wednesday, Suggs attributed his success to his hatred of losing.
“I’m pretty sure that they’ve beaten us more than any other team in the NFL because we play each other the most. I just don’t want to lose,” he said. “So every time I play them, I try to crank it up some more. So that can explain it. But what does it matter if they still end up winning the game?”
But on Friday, he gave the team’s PR staff another reason for his exceptional play.
“Our two defenses are always being compared. ‘Who’s the better defense?’” Suggs said. “When the players are at battle, I feel like I have to play better than their two outside linebackers [James Harrison and LaMarr Woodley]. That’s my motivation – don’t let the outside linebackers outplay me.”
Suggs’ run against the Steelers wasn’t lost on Jarret Johnson, the Ravens’ other outside linebacker. But Johnson couldn’t put his finger on why Suggs fared better against Pittsburgh than some of the other opponents the team meets on a regular basis.“He just goes off every time,” Johnson said. “The friggin’ dude’s unblockable. I don’t know what it is. I don’t know if he just matches up well against their guys. He just always has big games against the Steelers.”
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Disc Jockeys published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 2067 » View courant.com items only
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11-173 Next >
Miami Heat???s DJ Irie and Levinson Jewelers launch jewelry lineThe Business of Sports | Sun Sentinel blogsAdd......
Tags: Miami (Miami-Dade, Florida), Diplomacy, Miami Heat
'So You Think You Can Dance' results: Top 8 turn to 6Reality CheckTonight's So You Think You Can Dance results show opens with a Sonya Tayeh group number that is ... typical her. Colorful outfits, wacky moves, etc. Ashleigh is still not dancing, which is not a good sign.Then there is a......
Tags: Lindsay Lohan, Samantha Ronson, Kris Allen, Dance, Adam Lambert
'Dating in the Dark': Where'd the premise go?Reality CheckBOFF returns to give us the lowdown on last night's Dating the Dark. Don't forget to share your opinions on the show in the comments! Take it away, BOFF!:We start out, as usual, with brief introductions of this week's participants......
Tags: Radio, Dating in the Dark (tv program), ABC (tv network), Salsa (genre), Facebook: Foods and Beverages, Bok Tower, Restaurants, Bars and Clubs, Music: Joffrey Ballet, Manhattan (New York City), Roosevelt University, Music Industry, Music: Jennifer Hale, Xbox 360, Gaming Industry, Nintendo Company Ltd., GameStop: Arts, Nikki Reed, Music, Movies, Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. (music group): United Center, Chicago Bulls, World Wrestling Entertainment Inc., Chicago White Sox, Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago
: Charlie Sheen, World Wrestling Entertainment Inc., Chicago White Sox, Television Industry, Water Tower Place
Expect more performances at Studio Paris, Jay Cutler and Kristin Cavallari shop at Gold Coast pet boutique, John Cusack drinks hand sanitizer
Think...
Tags: United Center, Dallas Mavericks, World Wrestling Entertainment Inc., Chicago Bulls, Jimmy Kimmel Live! (tv program): Live Nation, David Guetta, Tiesto (music group), Music, Electronics
Chris Masterson saves the day at Drumbar opening, 'Mob Wives Chicago' cast member hosting viewing party, Ben Harper dines at Gibsons...
Tags: Relentless7 (music group), Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Television Industry, Jared Kusnitz, Kristin Cavallari
Nov 1, 2010 |Blog| Sun-Sentinel
Dec 10, 2009 |Blog| Baltimore Sun
Aug 17, 2010 |Blog| Baltimore Sun
May 2, 2013 |Column| Orlando Sentinel
Mar 19, 2013 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Nov 5, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Nov 17, 2011 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Jan 30, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
May 29, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Apr 25, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
May 16, 2013 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Jun 8, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Original site for Disc Jockeys topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Laurin Smith, a 3rd Class Cadet at the United States Coast Guard Academy, set sail in May aboard America’s Tall Ship, Barque Eagle.
This year marks the 75th birthday for Eagle, which was appropriated by the U.S. from Hitler’s Germany at the end of World War II.
Eagle visited Waterford, Ireland, en route to Hamburg, Germany, to celebrate with other ships from the era built in the shipyard there.
The ship then traveled to London, where the cadets aboard disembarked and returned to the United States for other assignments.
Smith was one of 150 cadets who joined the 68 officers and crew on the voyage. Eagle is a training vessel for the academy and an ambassador for the U.S.
Smith is now finishing her summer training on the USCG Morgenthau, ported in Alameda, Calif.
The Morgenthau patrols from South America to the Bering Sea, conducting counternarcotics missions, alien migrant interdiction operations, foreign and domestic fisheries enforcement, and search and rescue.
Smith, a naval architecture major, is a 2010 graduate of Boonsboro High School.
She is the daughter of Tom and Kristy Smith of Rohrersville.
For more information about Eagle or the Coast Guard Academy, go to.
Boonsboro High grad Smith spends part of summer on Coast Guard ships
« Previous Story More Hartford Courant - Connecticut Breaking News, UConn Sports, Politics, Entertainment, Weather Forecast, Traffic and More. Next Story »
<|endofexample|>
State parks officials announced plans to close 70 parks earlier this month due to the budget deficit.
The San Jose Mercury News reported Saturday that the parks actually receive federal funding from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and cannot be closed by the state.
The fund, which is given as a grant to the state, requires state parks receiving financing must remain open or another of equal size must be opened nearby.
The list of saved parks were not named, but some of the parks that receive federal funding include:
- Salton Sea State Recreation Area, Imperial County;
- Twin Lakes State Beach, Santa Cruz;
- Castle Rock State Park, Santa Clara County;
- Portola Redwoods, San Mateo County;
- Candlestick Point, San Francisco;
- Limekiln, Big Sur.
Officials say parks were chosen based on attendance rates and historical significance.
The department operates more than 270 state park units covering more than 1.4 million acres.
Here's a full list of the closures from the parks department:
-
<|endofexample|>
Displaying items 73-84 of 105 » View courant.com items only
< Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Next >
HCC student fashion show rescheduledHagerstown Community College's Black Student Union (BSU) has rescheduled its annual fashion show for 7 p.m. Saturday, April 7, in the Kepler Center on HCC's main campus. The show was originally scheduled for Saturday, March 17. Vendors will include D&...
Tags: Music, Concerts, Reebok Ltd.
- |Story
Obese children outgrowing kids' clothing, furnitureCNNEditor's note: This is the third story in a series exploring the issues surrounding childhood obesity. In middle school, Taylor LeBaron struggled to fit into his seat. The desks in class had a ceramic plate attached to the chair. "I was so large, I...
Tags: Pediatrics, High Blood Pressure, Fashion Trends, Overweight, Family
- |Story
Harford Mall collecting donations for Welcome One shelterIn light of recent news articles pertaining to homelessness in Harford County, Harford Mall management is partnering with the Welcome One Emergency Shelter in a collection and donation drive to benefit the shelter. The collection drive, called Have a...
Tags: Macy's, Sears
Retail Action Project's Fight Against DiscriminationPIX11.comA new study by the Retail Action Project found that workers in some of the most popular stores were not being traily fairly and being discriminated against. Some of the most popular retail chains that were included in the study were: Target, JCPenney,...
Tags: Tommy Hilfiger Corp., Target
Splurge or save: bold-hued penny loafers
Save 20 percent with mobile coupons from Macy's, Kohl's, Target and moreSouth Florida Sun-SentinelWe love using mobile coupons on our phone so we always have them with us and never have to waste paper, ink or brainpower to save money. Here's a list of retailers and short codes to sign up to receive freebies, coupons and deals via text alert. Sign up,...
Tags: Kohl's, Facebook, Media Industry, Media Industry, Victoria's Secret: Mall of America, Hobbies, Toys "R" Us, Inc., Business Enterprises, Religious Festivals
Thousands look for Black Friday bargains at Imperial Valley shopsImperial Valley Press Staff Writer-...
Tags: Gaming, GameStop, Customs and Tradition, Black Friday (shopping), Customs and Tradition: Consumers, Holidays, Gifts, Bankruptcy, Inventories: Burger King, Panera Bread Company, Whitehall, Golf Galaxy Incorporated, Hamburgers
Mar 14, 2012 |Story| Herald Mail
Feb 23, 2012 |Story| Reuters
Feb 15, 2012 |Story| CNN
Feb 2, 2012 |Story| Reuters
Feb 8, 2012 |Story| Baltimore Sun
Jan 20, 2012 |Story| WPIX-LTV
Jan 27, 2012 |Story| Chicago Shopping
Jan 28, 2012 |Story| South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Dec 21, 2011 |Story| Petoskey News
Nov 26, 2011 |Story| Imperial Valley Press Online
Dec 28, 2011 |Story| Tribune Media Services
Jan 28, 2012 |Column| Allentown Morning Call
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Manchester Monarchs published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 26 » View courant.com items only
1 2 3 Next >: American Hockey League, Connecticut Whale, Hershey Bears
Whale Lose To Albany, 3-2The Hartford CourantJoe,...
Tags: Connecticut Whale, Ice Hockey, Albany Devils, Hershey Bears, Eastern Conference (NHL)
Whale Weekly...
Tags: Radio, Providence Bruins, Connecticut Whale, Ice Hockey, Blake Parlett: Yale Bulldogs, College Baseball, Stanley Cup Playoffs, Ice Hockey, Hershey Bears: Justin Williams, Darryl Sutter, Jarret Stoll, St. Louis Blues, Stanley Cup Playoffs, Free Agency, Ice Hockey, Columbus Blue Jackets, Nick Drazenovic
Royals happy to have O'Connor backReading Eagle, Pa.Ian O'Connor spent the final two months of the regular season living a childhood dream. The New Hampshire native was given his first long-term stay in the AHL. It happened to be with Manchester, a stone's throw from O'Connor's hometown of Londonderry....
Tags: American Hockey League, Ice Hockey, Verizon Wireless, Luis Mendoza
Second close loss in two days puts Monarchs in 0-2 playoff holeThe New Hampshire Union Leader, ManchesterCody Bass knows something about winning a Calder Cup. He's also starting to be a pain in the neck for the Manchester Monarchs. For the second straight day, Bass scored the game-winning goal, Sunday night at the 18:44 mark of the first overtime to lift...
Tags: Anthony Stewart, Binghamton Senators, Ice Hockey, Eastern Conference (NHL), American Hockey League: Christian Hanson, Washington Capitals, Providence Bruins, Patrick McNeill, Philadelphia Phantoms
Monarchs open playoffs in SpringfieldThe New Hampshire Union Leader, ManchesterT...
Tags: Ticketmaster, Ice Hockey, Hershey Bears, Philipp Grubauer, Verizon Wireless
Pens drop regular-season finaleThe Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.WILKES-BARRE TWP. -- The moment Tanner Pearson's shot settled into an empty net and gave the Manchester Monarchs a 3-1 win in the regular-season finale at the Mohegan Sun Arena on Saturday night, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins center Trevor Smith was...
Tags: Scranton Penguins, Portland Pirates, Eastern Conference (NHL)
Penguins' Zatkoff is on a missionThe Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins goalie Jeff Zatkoff has a stated objective before each of his starts. "Every game I try to keep it to two (goals against) or under," he said. "If I can keep it to two or under, then we have a chance to win." Every goalie...
Tags: Scranton Penguins, Robin Lehner, Stanley Cup Playoffs, Ice Hockey, Eastern Conference (NHL)
Apr 21, 2013 |Story| Hartford Courant
Apr 19, 2013 |Story| Hartford Courant
Apr 8, 2013 |Story| Hartford Courant
May 14, 2013 |Story| McClatchy-Tribune
May 8, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
May 8, 2013 |Story| McClatchy-Tribune
Apr 30, 2013 |Story| McClatchy-Trib.
<|endofexample|>
Displaying items 97-108 of 309 » View courant.com items only
< Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11-26 Next >: Portland Pirates, Syracuse Crunch, Henrik Karlsson, Jeremy Morin, Ice Hockey: Peter Mueller, Jack Skille, Ice Hockey, Scott Timmins, Carl Gunnarsson
Bruins 2, Lightning 0ReutersThe Sports Xchange Bruins 2, Lightning 0 By Matthew Carroll The Sports Xchange BOSTON -- Dennis Seidenberg and Daniel Paille scored second-period goals, Tuukka Rask posted his second shutout in as many starts and the Boston Bruins remained in second...
Tags: Daniel Paille, Brad Marchand, Philadelphia Flyers, Boston Bruins, Ice Hockey: Bell Centre, Ondrej Pavelec, Boston Bruins, Brendan Gallagher, Ice Hockeyames Reimer, Peter Mueller, Jack Skille, Phil Kessel, Clarke MacArthur: Daniel Paille, Brad Marchand, Philadelphia Flyers, Boston Bruins, Ice Hockey
Leafs blow away Florida Panthers 4-0 in final home game: Boston Bruins, Ice Hockey, Scott Timmins, NHL Entry Draft, Steven Stamkos: Brian Elliott, Adam Cracknell, Brendan Gallagher, Boston Bruins, Derick Brassard
Preview: Islanders at SabresReutersSportsDirect Inc. Preview: Islanders at Sabres With fifth place in the Eastern Conference now out of the question, the New York Islanders attempt to claim a spot higher than eighth when they visit the Buffalo Sabres on Friday in the regular-season...
Tags: Philadelphia Flyers, Ice Hockey, New York Rangers, Kevin Poulin, Mikhail Grigorenko
The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind., Andy Amey columnThe Tribune-Star, Terre Haute,...
Tags: Cam Ward, Stanley Cup Playoffs, Father's Day, Boston Bruins, Cal Clutterbuckames Reimer, Nate Thompson, Phil Kessel, Ice Hockey, Martin St. Louis: James Reimer, Phil Kessel, Ice Hockey, Martin St. Louis, Eric Brewer
Apr 26, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| McClatchy-Tribune
Apr 24, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Apr 24, 2013 |Story| Reuters
Original site for Tampa Bay Lightning topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
National Association of Letter Carriers food drive is this weekend
May 4, 2010 · Updated 10:39 AM
The annual food drive sponsored by the National Association of Letter Carriers takes place this weekend.
Food items can be put in a bag and left at the mailbox Saturday prior to the day’s normal mail delivery.
Carriers are looking for nonperishable items like canned meats and fish, canned soup, juice, pasta, vegetables, cereal and rice. They ask that no one donate items that have expired or those in glass containers.
The event is co-sponsored by the United States Postal.
<|endofexample|>
Brisbane halfback Peter Wallace tops long list of medal tips for Broncos
- From: The Courier-Mail
- October 05, 2012
Broncos halfback Peter Wallace is in line to win the Paul Morgan medal for 2012. Picture: Jono Searle Source: The Daily Telegraph
BRISBANE halfback Peter Wallace could tonight become the first No.7 since Allan Langer in 1996 to claim the Broncos' coveted Paul Morgan Medal at their player of the year awards.
While Wallace wore the brunt of criticism during the club's six-game late season rough patch, his performances during Brisbane's 7-1 start to the season drew widespread praise and almost resulted in a NSW State of Origin recall.
Wallace was Brisbane's highest polling player in the Dally M Medal, finishing the count in equal seventh place on 19 points with 2011 winner Billy Slater, Sydney Roosters halfback Mitchell Pearce and South Sydney's English forward Sam Burgess.
Wallace had been level with eventual winner Ben Barba when voting went behind closed doors after round 16, but polled only three more votes for the year while the Canterbury fullback doubled his tally to win the prize with 32 votes for the season.
Despite Wallace's strong season, lock forward Corey Parker was the only Broncos player considered as a nominee for his positional award, which was eventually given to Cronulla skipper Paul Gallen.
The lack of external recognition for Brisbane's players proves just how evenly spread their performances were in 2012 and picking the winner of tonight's player of the year award remains a lottery. The winner is voted upon by the players, coaching staff and the club's former internationals.
Andrew McCullough
Hooker Andrew McCullough made over 1000 tackles for the Broncos in 2012. Picture: Peter Wallis Source: The Daily Telegraph
Other players considered strong chances at claiming the Morgan Medal are hooker Andrew McCullough, centre Justin Hodges, props Josh McGuire and Ben Hannant and 2010 winner, fullback Josh Hoffman.
McCullough played all 25 games this year and made over 1000 tackles, Hodges had his finest club season in many years with an almost injury-free run, McGuire was the standout during the Origin period, while Hannant and Hoffman claimed Test jumpers following their strong efforts to start the season.
Parker was consistently strong throughout the year, but may pay for missing too many games through injury and Origin commitments.
Another bolter could be second-rower Alex Glenn, who topped the club's tryscoring list with 13 for the year. He also made the most tackle busts by a forward and averaged over 100m a game in his 23 appearances.
Last year's winner and former skipper Darren Lockyer agreed that the player of the year award was hard to predict because the Broncos had so many contributors throughout the season.
"I think it will be one of those sort of most consistent players,'' Lockyer said. "I think Corey (Parker) had a couple of injuries that will cost him. I actually think someone like an Alex Glenn is probably a good chance at taking it out.''
Have your say
<|endofexample|>
Miami
When To Go
You can't get much further south in the US than Miami, so when it gets hot, it's searing; consequently winter is the peak season. The city bulges at this time: most of the US squeezes in while the rest of the country freezes their Fanny-Maes off. The 'in-between' months, especially August through to November, see a range of enticing festivals so reservations come in handy at this time. The Calle Ocho Festival in March and the White Party in November especially draw the crowds.
Miami Overview
Travel Advice
Things to See & Do
Download a pdf city guide to print
Miami Maps
Other Miami Maps
Other Destinations in US.
<|endofexample|>
Balanced & Beautiful Introducing: Les Cleanse Party Mavens! Maddeningly Good Hustle & Grow I Left My Heart @ Spotify #jobbytime #industryinsight: Mutineer Magazine Drink Careers *Workin* It Consumer Trends HEAT @ Unified 1/31 HIP TASTES Red Pairing Alert: Swirl On Castro Meet the Man Behind the New HIP TASTES Wine Label: Mitchell Shernoff Chenin Me, Barbera Blowout, OR: (Good) Wine Shenanigans Forecast for Family Winemakers
May 08, 2013
Balanced & Beautiful
filed under: Events, Hip Tasters, Regional Spotlight
It's a total treat to be able to feature another fabulous food and wine lady @ this Friday's Cleanse Party: DETOX/RETOX - Ms. Katrina Fetzer of Ceago Vinegarden. Katrina will share her family's Biodynamic pours with guests and dish a bit about how nourishing the body doesn't have to mean excluding wine - it's about balance and making healthy lifestyle choices. Her family prides itself on running a "balanced and beautiful Biodynamic ranch" along the shores of (I must say stunning) Clear Lake, and if you take a peek at these pics I'm sure you'll agree it's teeming with all of that, and more.
About Katrina Fetzer, pictured
Katrina is the Director of Sales & Marketing at Ceago Vinegarden. She joined Ceago in the summer of 2002 after pursuing business and marketing courses in Europe and in San Francisco. She works with her father, Jim Fetzer, in developing marketing campaigns, sales strategies, design ideas and labels to help take Ceago and the Biodynamic wine movement to the next level. Katrina also puts her international palate and design background to work producing events and sharing her family's wines with distributors, at restaurants and at winemaker dinners. Katrina is an active Board Member for the Demeter Biodynamic Trade Association.
Katrina was kind enough to answer a few questions about her philosophy. Read those responses here, and come out to Friday's event to meet her, taste some delicious wine and learn how a whole farm perspective and healthy outlook can make all the difference in framing wine in a positive light in your life!
What does wellness mean to you?
Katrina: Wellness for me is about balance. Building a balance in my life where my body, mind and spirit are happy, healthy and I can continue to incorporate everything I love...wine, yoga, food, friends to name just a few.
What are a few of your favorite spots in sf to unwind and be healthy?
Katrina: My favorite spots in SF to unwind, be healthy and inspire me...there are so many amazing placing in our beautiful city it is hard to choose. But if I was to pick just a few: Lands End, Ocean Beach, De Young, The Pad, International Orange, The Juice Shop, Out the Door, Hog Island Oyster Company or just the entire Ferry Building with the Farmer's Market!
What makes your Lake County estate a restful, nourishing and inspiring place to be?
It is truly a combination of things that all work together. The property in general, the lake, the diversity of plant crops, the animal integration and especially the people! My father, Jim Fetzer, has created a place where you cannot help but feel the weight lifted and your eyes open to all the beauty surrounding you. And there is nothing better than getting to enjoy it all with a glass of wine!
Learn more at Ceago.com
Posted by Courtney at 11:47 PM • Comments
(0)
April 15, 2013
Introducing: Les Cleanse Party Mavens!
filed under: Events, Hip Tasters
*
.
My cleanse programs?" at 10:44 PM • Comments
(0)
April 09, 2013
Maddeningly Good
filed under: Winning Wines
I love television. It's escapism at its best, and with all of the options out there for seeing our favorite shows any time we want - Netflix, Hulu, Prime - it's become de rigeur to actually TRY to watch them all. I freely admit I am guilty of a few back-episode binges myself (anyone who has seen the first seasons of Homeland & Girls totally has my back), so I laughed pretty long and hard over this NY Mag piece by the erudite Elissa Bassist: "Addicted to Netflix: Teen-Soap-Opera Binge As Psychosis."
Yes, it's as good as you think it's going to be.
In spite of all this pent-up viewing enthusiasm, however, some shows we still have to wait for. With our lives more on-demand than ever, this waiting seems to elevate the must-wait-for shows to almost mythic status. Cue: the new season of Mad Men, which debuted this week on AMC. Breathless posts on the now-available-for-anytime-viewing of the first episode are sprinkled across Facebook, so uber fans who may have missed Sunday's show can now breathe freely.
And now that we're on track with the new season (whew!), why not host a Mad Men-themed tasting to add a little more excitement to the next show? My suggestions for wine pairings for characters - yes, Don Draper is a mercurial Burgundy and Betty a bracingly acidic white - abound in this piece on wine tasting parties that ran today (TU to drinks scribe Jessica Yadegaran for featuring Hip Tastes!). Just remember: if you choose to binge-view the entire season at a later date, don't do the same with your wine. With that, moderation is always the best choice. ;)
Posted by Courtney at 05:38 PM • Comments
(0)
April 04, 2013
Hustle & Grow
filed under: Events, Ramblings
I am so pleased to announce the new Wellness Series! This Mucha-inspired illustration - courtesy of Mitch Shernoff - is the ideal visual for the Cleanse Party, which kicks off the series. There are so many reasons the time is right to address wine in the context of balance. So many of us are juicing right now or cleansing or even just integrating more yoga and fitness, but we still want wine to be a part of our healthy lifestyle. Dial into these classes for realistic approaches to both - and get ready to really glow...I mean grow! (okay, I really meant both ;))
Here is the link to check out more about the Cleanse Party, my lovely co hostesses Adina Niemerow and Nicole Cronin, and buy some tix:
cleanseparty.eventbrite.com
Posted by Courtney at 12:54 AM • Comments
(0)
March 15, 2013
I Left My Heart @ Spotify
filed under: Ramblings
I have a new crush, and no it's not Georgian wine or grower Champs or micro blogging about Georgian wine or grower Champs (although all of that does sound splendid). My crush is quite simply music - but not just any music - Spotified music. I feel kind of like a nerd raving about it, but I can't help it: Spotify *rocks*!
I love the ease of making playlists and discovering new music. I have literally found so much new music over the past few months it's ushered in a whole new vibe - it's like my aural senses are finally indulging in the level of insanely delicious treats as my palate. Okay, no more gushing. Here are some of my favorite recent compilations. I'll be dropping more playlists with new events and wine releases - so it should be an exciting way to convey the HIP TASTES message to curious ears at large. - CC
Unified 2013 - I created this playlist when I was preparing for my Consumer Trends presentation at this year's Unified Wine & Grape Symposium. A lot of positive music you want to work to, but you wouldn't know it by the artists' names: Cults, Hurts, Modest Mouse, Grizzly Bear...
Listen to the Unified playlist
HT VDay - This is quite possibly my favorite playlist of all time. And yes, I am considering the ones you make when you're 13 and totally obsessive about music (some of it good, much of it mortifying). Rubblebucket, which I just discovered at a show in February, Frank Ocean, Julian Casablancas, James Blake, Lana...
Listen to the HT VDay playlist
Tahoe TGIF - Ah yes, the Tahoe take on the quintessential weekend playlist. Um, Chromeo. New obsession. Don Henley. Journey (oh yes I did). Vampire Weekend. Black Keys. Go on, get your w/e on...
Listen to the Tahoe TGIF playlist
Posted by Courtney at 12:43 AM • Comments
(0)
February 28, 2013
#jobbytime #industryinsight: Mutineer Magazine Drink Careers *Workin* It
filed under: Hip Tasters, Ramblings
It seems so obvious, yet many have overlooked it: During the recession, and since, one of the best-growing industries has been...drinks. Makes sense, right? People may have spent less on many things, but the personal austerity measures we enacted don't seem to have eradicated this all-important category (you know you're doing your part to help this trend along). Happily, it's also meant drinks careers have been a bright spot in an otherwise pretty desolate landscape for consumer goods. And - they're hiring.
And so in light of all this, I'm proud to be a member of the Mutineer Magazine Drink Careers Project 101 Advisory Board. Together with some 100 other drinks career imcumbents (think sommeliers, entrepreneurs, winemakers, soda slingers, writers, brand mavens, etc.) I'll be sharing tips and insights on how to navigate the tricky but rewarding work inside the beverage industry. I'm psyched to get to know what's going on with new college grads and others looking to transition to the industry, too, so this is shaping up to be an exciting and enriching journey.
Mutineer is raising money via Kickstarter to spread the word far and wide where industry work goes. The result of their hard work will be a printed how-to guide to pursuing a career in the beverage industry. You can do your part in supporting this important cause either by making a donation here or retweeting and posting items shared on Twitter or Facebook (or this post!). This looks to be a great conversation - and we couldn't do that without a big audience, support and broad participation.
I'll be tweeting from @HIpTastesMaven
and posting via Facebook @HipTastesEvents
Please follow me in those spots if you aren't already and let's get this (job) party started!
Posted by Courtney at 05:35 PM • Comments
(0)
January 29, 2013
Consumer Trends HEAT @ Unified 1/31
filed under: Events
At Unified? Let's sync up via Twitter: @HipTastesMaven #UGWS @TheUnified
More than 12,000 guests! 650 product mavens! Awesome talks! Massive industry merriment!
This Thursday (9am-11:30am) I'll be joining a fresh faced group of wine industry insiders for the Consumer Trends general session chat at Unified Wine & Grape Symposium. I'm thrilled to have been invited. The session will share insights for wine growers, producers and others in the wine collective on how to keep up with emerging trends. It aims to answer a lot of pressing questions, including (this one specified in the session descriptor): "Why have Moscato and new red wine blends flourished, and what does it mean for the future of both the industry and the food and wine experience?" Indeed.
As a *new!* negociant producer of a red blend I'll bring some case study savvy, and draw upon my sommelier/educator/writer background in pondering just these sorts of questions. Watch for lifestyle cues and various brand success stories around influences as varied as love, wellness, sustainability, music and more. Come on down if you'll be there - and Q&A is always a great time to ask for more.
Consolidation Consolation 2-4pm
In addition to the general session Thursday morning, I'll be moderating a marketing panel breakout later in the day on surviving consolidation. AKA staying relevant and in the game, even as the players who distribute wine shrink in # and competition continues to rise. Talk about a squeeze. Thanks to super savvy panelists Jason Haas (Tablas Creek), Ed LeMay (Constellation), Daren Cliff (The Estates Group) and Hank Beal (Nugget Market, UC Davis guest lecturer) we should have a solid chat and great takeaways. I'll be intro'g everyone with an inspirational quote of their personal selection, so get ready for some philosophy and motivational pointers served up alongside the practical advice.
For those who may not know, Unified is the Western Hemisphere's biggest wine trade show, a mega-event that takes over the convention center in downtown Sacramento for a multi-day blowout every January. Looking for a new mechanical harvester? You'll find it at the trade show. Looking for cork or glass, alt packaging or - per chance - ideas for keeping abreast of trends and making the most of your brand in the wine biz? You've come to the right place.
Unified Conference Dets
Sessions Schedule/Location 411
Posted by Courtney at 11:22 PM
<|endofexample|>
Standard 2.30. Judicial comment on verdict or mistrial
At the conclusion of a trial, or on declaring a mistrial for failure of a jury to reach a verdict, it is appropriate for the trial judge to thank jurors for their public service, but the judge's comments should not include praise or criticism of the verdict or the failure to reach a verdict.
Standard 2.30 amended and renumbered effective January 1, 2007; adopted as sec. 14 effective January 1, 1976.
<|endofexample|>
The little black dress: everyone has one, and if you don’t, go out and get one now! You never know when a funeral/wedding/fancy dinner party/date may happen and you need that little number in your closet ready and waiting.
There are a number of styles to choose from when it comes to the little black dress: wrap, tank, A-line, princess cut…I could go on for a whole paragraph, but you get the point. My suggestion, however, if you are going out to buy a new black dress is to find the most basic one you can. No embellishments, special cuts, strange waistlines, etc. because this will give you the most options. Observe:
Basic
Michelle Williams (source)
For all you know, Michelle Williams woke up 15 minutes before this premier and threw on her dress and shoes and was out the door. This is the kind of look you last minute fashionista’s should go for if you can never make it anywhere on time. Simple,chic, and ridiculously easy, this is the little black dress working its’ hardest.
Edgy
If you love to accessorize then this look is for you…again, find the simplest little black dress you can and then go wild with the accessories. Do you think that Rachel’s giant gold belt would work with a wrap dress? No. If you are going to wear over the top accessories then go with a simple sheath.
Ethereal
This is THE semi-formal look for all of you indie-rock naturalist beauties out there…the master of ethereal beauty herself, Blanchett rocks this flowy number to a “T.” Loose bell sleeves and an interesting neckline make this look interesting and unusual but not weird.
Uptown Chic
What makes Jessica uptown-chic look rock isn’t just the dress, but the whole package! The shiny satin (sans-wrinkles, I might add…bravo) black dress is easy enough to make it go whichever way you want…a funky clutch+up-to-the-minute trendy nude colored shoes paired with a sassy updo make this dress look less dressy and totally hot. Add pearls and a classic clutch with black pumps instead and you are ready for any dressy event.
Whatever your style, make sure it shines through with your “little black dress” to get them most mileage!
Technorati Tags: how-to wear, what to wear, how-to, style tips, little black dress, celebrity style, fashion blog, style, trends, fashion expert, Couture in the City
Michelle Williams is one of thee cutest celebs out there (even if she’s been MIA lately). She never fails to look adorable.
GlamChic
My secret to wearing a little black dress is feeling good in it. I am always searching for a black dress to buy, and have a few favorites collecting dust in my closet. Love the Macy’s shop for a cause theme you have today.
Well i have lots of black dresses
but i cant realy think what to wear with them you may think that sound supid but its true sooo i have this friends birthday comeing up and im wearing a black dress and dont have a clue what to do with it i need HELP !! x
i have shirt black dress should i wear a belt low or high on the waist my waist is small and i’m wearing tall black boots with and what color belt should i wear
I wear mine ALL THE TIME. It is a boatneck with a simple waistline and it falls just above the knee. I’ve worn it a million times in every season–to class, to weddings, to funerals, to parties, on dates with boys and just friends, out to coffee…I could go on and on. Its wonderful.
Jessica Simpson looks so cute on this photo…
The nice thing about little black dresses, not everyone can wear them. Even if you walk into a party or special event and someone has on a similar dress, no one notices the similarity. I hate dealing with the duplicate dress dilemma at special events.
I would have to say my favorite of these is the Rachel Bilson dress.
Jessica looks sexy, I wonder how a pair of shoes with the same pattern as her purse would go!
<|endofexample|>
What is Love and Respect?
Love and respect is a more than a video program, it is a set of tools that you can use in your marriage to help overcome the CRAZY CYCLE we so often find ourselves in. Dr. Emerson Eggrichs skillfully explains with real life application and research studies that what the Bible says about a marriage relationship is true. We can trust the creator of marriage to help strengthen and save our marriages.
For more information please contact us now at (772) 283-8306 or fill out the form located at the right side of the page. A ministry representative will contact you as soon as possible to answer any questions regarding class materials and scheduling.
<|endofexample|>
Joffrey Lupul scored the lone goal of the shootout as the Toronto Maple Leafs halted Dallas' two-game winning streak, edging the Stars 4-3 Friday.
Lupul was the hero in the third round of the sudden-death format, moments after taking a high-stick to the face that wasn't called. Blood was still trickling from his face when he beat Dallas netminder Kari Lehtonen with a well-aimed wrist shot.
With the teams tied 2-2 following an entertaining 40 minutes, Clarke MacArthur put Toronto ahead at 6:55 of the third period on the team's first shot of the period. The veteran forward took a sensational pass from center Tim Connolly and redirected it past Lehtonen.
Radek Dvorak evened things with 7:13 remaining, taking advantage of extended Dallas pressure with a wrist shot past Jonas Gustavsson.
Eric Nystrom's goal four minutes into the game put the Stars in front early, but Toronto rebounded with two goals in a four-minute span later in the period. Joey Crabb's redirection of defenseman Dion Phaneuf's point shot evened the score, and Phaneuf put the Maple Leafs ahead with a blast that eluded Lehtonen.
Nystrom evened things with the only goal of the second period, finishing off a three-way passing play by firing a shot from in close past Gustavsson.
<|endofexample|>
Brett Favre had more experience than Drew Brees yet that didn't help him get past the Saints in the Championship game.
Dan Marino went to the Super Bowl in only his second year and never came close to going when he had the most experience of all.
I see you have added your hedge clause by talking about redneck jury members.
I know alot of people that have been in a particular field for a long time, but don't mistake tenure for effectiveness. Only a moron would confuse the two.
Originally Posted by MoneySRH: Casey had searched on her computer for chloroform and how to break a neck. Casey waited 30+ days to report her daughter missing. Then lied to the police, lied to everyone and was caught lying maybe 20+ times. The car smelled like a body. She chloroformed her daughter and used layers of duct tape on her mouth, nose, and put her in a plastic bag so she could go partying. I don’t know what this case has to do with trevon martin being killed by a crazed vigilante.
He called police on himself, vigilantes don't do that.
Um:
"The best evidence we have is the testimony of George Zimmerman, and he says the decedent was the primary aggressor in the whole event," Serino told the Sentinel March 16. "Everything I have is adding up to what he says."
Just about everything you've posted on this incident has been untrue.
To be clear, Serino did not want Zimmerman charged or arrested.
Originally Posted by MoneySRH: This story just materialized out of thin air and serino is an innocent media pawn. WOW! So, Matthew Keys somehow got the police report? Where did the story of Chris Serino wanted Zimmerman charged with manslaughter come from? Then the chief steps down and then the state attorney steps down also and that there was a secret meeting and that was all a coincidence? Then after almost a month, another media source says they had an exclusive interview, attended by Serino and others, he says he believed Zimmerman’s story? And then on top of that he says it’s police procedure to fill out the incident report with a possible crime for the FBI. When a police report is only to be filled with facts? This has police darn up and people covering their fools and corruption all over this bullshit. I will man up and apologize bowlslit. I was wrong about officer serino. I don’t know if the media is lying or the corrupt are covering their fools or serino is being coerced into back tracking. I still believe zimmerman is guilty and I now look like a fool because of this bullshit story with twists and turns all over the fuckin place. I don’t know if it’s the media or the police bullshitting the people and I have now been royally fucked by both. Again, I was wrong about serino and apologize bowlslit.
No need to apologize just yet. I am also a man of honor and this is a bit confusing at the moment..
In his letter Monday to Roy Austin, deputy assistant attorney general in the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, Crump wrote, "We look forward to your thorough and comprehensive review of the suspicious circumstances surrounding this meeting, and the decision to disregard the recommendation of the lead homicide investigator, Mr. Serino, who felt compelled to prepare an affidavit memorializing his recommendation to arrest the shooter George Zimmerman."
Someone please explain to me how he could say the first thing in blue to the sentinal and then still feel compelled to prepare the affidivit of his recommendation.
#90
Crickets
<|endofexample|>
Blood, Sweat & Tears
We don't have an image for Blood, Sweat & Tears yet. Why not upload one?
New City by Blood, Sweat & Tears
Original songs on "New City"
None yet. Feel free to add a new one.
Cover songs on "New City"
The Janis Ian song "Applause" was originally on the album "Stars"
The Randy Newman song "Naked Man" was originally on the album "Good Old Boys"
The John Lee Hooker song "One Room Country Shack" was originally on the album "The Cream"
<|endofexample|>
Emmylou Harris Spanish Johnny written by Paul Siebel
Ricky Skaggs Mandolin
Rodney Crowell Guitar
Emmylou Harris Guitar, Vocals
Waylon Jennings Vocals
Mickey Raphael Harmonica
Emory Gordy Bass
Frank Reckard Guitar
John Ware drums
D
Those other years, the dusty years
E
We drove the big herds through
D
I tried to forget the miles we rode
E
And Spanish Johnny too
D E
He'd sit beside a water ditch when all this herd was in
D A E
And he'd never harm a child but sing to his mandolin
D E
The old talk, the old ways, and the dealin' of our game
D E
Spanish Johnny never spoke, but sing a song of Spain
D
And his talk with men was vicious talk
E
When he was drunk on gin
D A E
Ah, but those were golden things he said to his mandolin
SOLO
D
We had to stand, we tried to judge,
E
We had to stop him then
D E
For the hand so gentle to a child had killed so many men
D E
He died a hard death long ago before the roads come in
D A E
And the night before he swung he sung to his mandolin
D
Well, we carried him out in the mornin' sun
E
A man that done no good
D
And we lowered him down in the cold clay
E
Stuck in a cross of wood
D
And a letter he wrote to his kinfolk
E
To tell them where he'd been
D
And we shipped it out to Mexico,
A E D
Along with his mandolin
From Emmylou Harris "Evangeline"
Warner Bros Records
Two Ten Music(BMI)
Though other performers sold more records and earned greater fame, few
left as profound an impact on contemporary music as Emmylou Harris.
Blessed with a crystalline voice, a remarkable gift for phrasing and a
restless creative spirit, she travelled a singular artistic path,
proudly carrying the torch of "Cosmic American music" passed down by
her mentor, Gram Parsons. With the exception of only Neil Young -- not
surprisingly an occasional collaborator -- no other mainstream star
established a similarly large body of work as consistently
iconoclastic, eclectic or daring; even more than three decades into
her career, Harris' latter-day music remained as heartfelt, visionary
and vital as her earliest recordings.
Harris was born on April 2, 1947 to a military family stationed in
Birmingham, Alabama. After spending much of her childhood in North
Carolina, she moved to Woodbridge, Virginia while in her teens, and
graduated high school there as her class valedictorian. After winning
a dramatic scholarship at the University of North Carolina, she began
to seriously study music, learning to play songs by Bob Dylan and Joan
Baez. Soon, Harris was performing in a duo with fellow UNC student
Mike Williams, eventually quitting school to move to New York, only to
find the city's folk music community dying out in the wake of the
psychedelic era.
Still, Harris remained in New York, travelling the Greenwich Village
club circuit before becoming a regular at Gerdes Folk City, where she
struck up friendships with fellow folkies Jerry Jeff Walker, David
Bromberg and Paul Siebel. After marrying songwriter Tom Slocum in
1969, she recorded her debut LP, 1970's Gliding Bird. Shortly after
the record's release, however, Harris' label declared bankruptcy, and
while pregnant with her first child, her marriage began to fall apart.
After moving to Nashville, she and Slocum divorced, leaving Harris to
raise daughter Hallie on her own. After several months of struggle and
poverty, she moved back in with her parents, who had since bought a
farm outside of Washington, D.C.
There she returned to performing, starting a trio with local musicians
Gerry Mule and Tom Guidera. One evening in 1971, while playing at an
area club called Clyde's, the trio performed to a crowd which included
members of the country-rock pioneers the Flying Burrito Brothers. In
the wake of the departure of Gram Parsons, the band's founder, the
Burritos were then led by ex-Byrd Chris Hillman, who was so impressed
by Harris' talents that he considered inviting her to join the group.
Instead, Hillman himself quit to join Stephen Stills' Manassas, but he
recommended her to Parsons, who wanted a female vocalist to flesh out
the sound of his solo work, a trailblazing fusion of country and rock
'n' roll he dubbed "Cosmic American music." Their connection was
instant, and soon Harris was learning about country music and singing
harmony on Parsons' solo debut, 1972's GP. A tour with Parsons'
back-up unit the Fallen Angels followed, and in 1973 they returned to
the studio to cut his landmark LP Grievous Angel.
On September 19, just weeks after the album sessions ended, Parsons'
fondness for drugs and alcohol finally caught up to him, and he was
found dead in a hotel room outside of the Joshua Tree National
Monument in California. At the time, Harris was back in Washington,
collecting her daughter for a planned move to the West Coast. Instead,
she remained in D.C., reuniting with Tom Guidera to form the Angel
Band. The group signed to Reprise and relocated to Los Angeles to
begin work on Harris' solo major label debut, 1975's acclaimed Pieces
of the Sky, an impeccable collection made up largely of diverse covers
ranging in origin from Merle Haggard to the Beatles. Produced by Brian
Ahern, who would go on to helm Harris' next ten records--as well as
becoming her second husband--Pieces of the Sky's second single, a
rendition of the Louvin Brothers' "If I Could Only Win Your Love,"
became her first Top Five hit. "Light of the Stable,' a Christmas
single complete with backing vocals from Dolly Parton, Linda Ronstadt
and Neil Young, soon followed; Harris then repaid the favor by singing
on Ronstadt's "The Sweetest Gift" and Young's "Star of Bethlehem.". The
resulting album proved to be a smash, with covers of Buck Owens'
"Together Again" and the Patsy Cline perennial "Sweet Dreams" both
topping the charts. Before beginning sessions for her third effort,
1977's Luxury Liner, Harris guested on Bob Dylan's Desire and appeared
in Martin Scorsese's filmed document of the Band's legendary final
performance, The Last Waltz. Quarter Moon in a Ten Cent Town followed
in 1978, led by the single "Two More Bottles of Wine," her third
Number One. The record was Crowell's last with the Hot Band; one of
the tracks, "Green Rolling Hills," included backing from Ricky Skaggs,
soon to become Crowell's replacement as Harris' vocal partner.
1979's Blue Kentucky Girl was her most country-oriented work to date,
an indication of what was to come a year later with Roses in the Snow,
a full-fledged excursion into acoustic bluegrass. In the summer of
1980, a duet with Roy Orbison, "That Lovin' You Feelin' Again," hit
the Top Ten; a yuletide LP, Light of the Stable: The Christmas Album,
followed at the end of year, at a time during which Harris had quit
touring to focus on raising her second daughter, Meghann. Evangeline,
a patchwork of songs left off of previous albums, appeared in 1981.
Shortly after, Skaggs left the Hot Band to embark on a solo career;
his replacement was Barry Tashian, a singer/songwriter best known for
fronting the 1960s rock band the Remains.
In 1982, drummer John Ware, the final holdover from the first Hot Band
line-up, left the group; at the same time, Harris' marriage to Ahern
was also beginning to disintegrate. After 1981's Cimarron, Harris and
the Hot Band cut a live album, Last Date, named in honor of the
album's chart-topping single "(Lost His Love) On Our Last Date," a
vocal version of the Floyd Cramer instrumental. Quickly, they returned
to the studio to record White Shoes, Harris' final LP with Ahern at
the helm. Her most far-ranging affair yet, it included covers of Donna
Summer's "On the Radio," Johnny Ace's "Pledging My Love," and Sandy
Denny's "Old-Fashioned Waltz."
After leaving Ahern, she and her children moved back to Nashville.
There, Harris joined forces with singer/songwriter Paul Kennerley, on
whose 1980 concept album The Legend of Jesse James she had sung
back-up. Together, they began formulating a record called The Ballad
of Sally Rose, employing the pseudonym Harris often used on the road
to veil what was otherwise a clearly autobiographical portrait of her
own life. Though a commercial failure, the 1985 record proved pivotal
in Harris' continued evolution as an artist and a risk-taker; it also
marked another chapter in her personal life when she and Kennerley wed
shortly after concluding their tour. Angel Band, a subtle, acoustic
collection of traditional country spirituals, followed, although the
record was not issued until 1987, after the release of its immediate
follow-up, Thirteen.
Harris, Dolly Parton and Linda Ronstadt had first toyed with the idea
of recording an album together as far back as 1977, only to watch the
project falter in light of touring commitments and other red tape.
Finally, in 1987, they issued Trio, a collection which proved to be
Harris' best-selling album to date, generating the hits "To Know Him
Is to Love Him" (a cover of the Phil Spector classic), "Telling Me
Lies" and "Those Memories of You." The record's success spurred the
1990 release of Duets, a compilation of her earlier hits in
conjunction with George Jones, Willie Nelson, Gram Parsons and others.
Fronting a new band, the Nash Ramblers, in 1992 she issued At the
Ryman, a live set recorded at Nashville's legendary Ryman Auditorium,
the former home of the Grand Ole Opry. At the time of the record's
release, Harris was also serving a term as President of the Country
Music Foundation.
In 1993, she ended her long association with Warner Bros./Reprise to
move to Asylum Records, where she released Cowgirl's Prayer shortly
after her separation from Paul Kennerley. Two years later, at a stage
in her career at which most performers retreat to the safety of
rehashing their greatest hits again and again, Harris issued Wrecking
Ball, perhaps her most adventuresome record to date. Produced by
Daniel Lanois, the New Orleans-based artist best known for his
atmospheric work with U2, Peter Gabriel and Bob Dylan, Wrecking Ball
was a hypnotic, staggeringly beautiful work comprised of songs ranging
from the Neil Young-penned title track (which featured its writer on
backing vocals) to Jimi Hendrix's "May This Be Love" and the talented
newcomer Gillian Welch's "Orphan Girl." A three-disc retrospective of
her years with Warner Bros., Portraits, appeared in 1996, and in 1998
Harris resurfaced with Spyboy. -- Jason Ankeny, All-Music Guide
<|endofexample|>
CMS food bank helping south Cowichan residents help each other
South Cowichan residents are taking care of each other and this holiday season Terry Eden, President of the South Cowichan Food Bank, is grateful.
"We couldn't do anything without the community. The community is just awesome. We put the call out and everybody is there. We really appreciate it."
Last year the food bank provided 250 food hampers to those in need living south of Koksilah Road to the Malahat. Eden said it is thanks to the many contributions by local schools, organizations, businesses and the 50 regular food bank volunteers.
"(There are) donations from the community to fill hampers. We get food from the schools. There's the gift bag program in conjunction with Thrifty's: you can buy so much to donate toward the food bank.
People around here are quite good about knowing what we need and trying to help us out."
On top of the hampers, the food bank has Toy Drive to provide gifts for families with children.
"People don't ask for a lot, they just want something for their kids. They want to be able to put something under the tree. We do about 200 kids, who must be in school."
Eden tries to gather gifts on each child's wish list. There is a tree at Thrifty's and one at Curves in Mill Bay. People can pick a name off the tree, buy the gift, and bring it to the food bank so Eden can bring it to the families before Christmas.
"I distribute the gifts unwrapped in a gift bag and the family can wrap it. Then they know exactly what they are giving the children. I usually try to get an article of clothing as well. These kids don't have a lot."
For all programs at the food bank, privacy is paramount.
"We code everything. No real names are given. Their privacy is respected."
Eden said there is a misconception that those who live in Cobble Hill, Mill Bay and Shawnigan aren't in need.
"We have a lot of working poor. They've lost one job. They can't make it anymore. Rents are expensive. We are here to help them."
Eden said pride is a barrier for some people to come into the food bank but once they do, they are considered part of the food bank family.
"A lot of people don't come unless they really have to. There is the issue of pride, and I can't blame them. They realize Christmas is here and they can't make it."
The food bank can help anyone who has as proof they are residents of South Cowichan.
"We have to have proof of address. We work together so there is enough for everyone in the community."
The CMS Food Bank is one of six beneficiaries of the News Leader Pictorial Pennies For Presents campaign.
Cash donations to Pennies For Presents can be dropped off at the News Leader Pictorial's office in Duncan at 5380 Trans Canada Highway. For more information call the office at 250-746-4471.
You need to know
The South Cowichan CMS Food Bank is located at 2740 Lashburn Rd in Mill Bay.
Hampers go out every Tuesday and Thursday between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Bread is available every Tuesday.
The last hamper goes out Dec 13. The food bank is open for emergencies the week of Dec. 17 between 9 a.m. and 2 p.m. The CMS Food Bank accepts donations of non-perishables and produce. Call 250-743-5242..
<|endofexample|>
Vyacheslav Astapov, a spokesman for the prosecutor's office, said the officers were cooperating with investigators in providing details about the crime, The Associated Press reported. The reported confessions are the latest in a series of developments in the high-profile case, which had marred the integrity of the Ukrainian government and justice system.
In an interview with the news Web site Ukrainska Pravda (), which was once edited by Gongadze, President Viktor Yushchenko said the two former police officers had led the investigators to the crime scene and had "demonstrated how it all happened." The officers had been charged with murder shortly after they were detained in early March.
Yushchenko, who was propelled to power in last year's opposition-led Orange Revolution, had pledged at his January inauguration to revive the long-stalled murder probe. He is now in the United States on an official diplomatic visit.
"We are encouraged by the progress in the Gongadze case. But to truly end this grim chapter in Ukraine's history and set the course for press freedom, authorities must identify and prosecute all individuals responsible for this horrible crime," CPJ Executive Director Ann Cooper said.
In a separate development, the Strasbourg, France-based European Court of Human Rights agreed on March 31 to hear a lawsuit filed by Myroslava Gongadze, widow of the slain journalist, against the Ukrainian government, according to local and international press reports.
In her claim, Gongadze said that Ukrainian authorities failed to protect her husband, and she accused them of creating a climate of fear by issuing conflicting statements about the investigation, the news agency ITAR-TASS reported. She filed the claim on September 16, 2002.
Gongadze said she is still pursuing the lawsuit because of what she called the "criminal inaction" of the administration of former president Leonid Kuchma. Gongadze said she wants to establish an international precedent holding authorities accountable for their actions in such matters, according to local press reports.
Background
Gongadze, editor of Ukrainska Pravda, which often featured criticism of Kuchma and other high officials, disappeared in the capital, Kyiv, in September 2000. His decapitated body was found two months later in a forest outside the city.
The revived investigation has also led to the questioning of top government officials. The prosecutor-general's office questioned Kuchma last month. Authorities did not disclose details of the interview, but Kuchma previously denied allegations of involvement in the slaying. Former Interior Minister Yuri Kravchenko committed suicide on March 4—just hours before he was to be questioned by prosecutors.
A parliamentary committee last year recommended that a criminal case be opened against Kuchma, who allegedly discussed ways of silencing Gongadze in tape-recorded conversations with senior government officials.
The audiotapes were made by former security agent Mykola Melnichenko. The Ukrainian government confirmed that Yushchenko plans to meet with Melnychenko when visiting Washington, D.C., this month. Melnychenko, who was granted political asylum in the United States in 2001, is considering testifying in a murder trial if his security in Ukraine can be ensured.
For CPJ alerts on recent developments in the Gongadze murder case, visit the following links: (March 1, 2005) (March 4, 2004) (March 11, 2004)
<|endofexample|>
Fruit and vegetable irradiation is a food safety and preservation technology, similar to pasteurization. While pasteurization uses heat to kill microorganisms, irradiation uses a form of energy called ionizing radiation. The process involves exposing food, either in bulk or packaged, to gamma rays for a specified amount of time. It is similar to ultraviolet (UV), visible and infra-red light, microwaves and radio waves used for communication. The effects of irradiation on the food and on animals and people eating irradiated food have been studied extensively. Irradiation has been shown to be a safe and effective tool that can help to prevent many foodborne diseases. Any imported irradiated food must also be approved for irradiation in Canada and must comply with all relevant regulations, including labelling requirements. Canadian government regulations require all foods processed by irradiation be labelled with an international symbol for irradiation and the words "treated by irradiation", "treated with radiation" or "irradiated".
Please download Fresh Facts: Irradiation, part of our Fresh Facts series, for more information about irradiation.
<|endofexample|>
Articles10 Ways to Keep Your Family Safe
5 Home Safety Threats You Might Overlook
News1 in 5 Americans Has Untreated Cavities: CDC
16 Percent of U.S. High Schoolers Victims of Cyberbullying: Study
Interactive ToolsFood Safety Quiz
Diseases and ConditionsAvoiding Eye Injuries
Car Safety
Pediatric Diseases and ConditionsAIDS/HIV in Children
Airway Obstruction Overview
<|endofexample|>
CPRN is no longer operating. This archive of research materials will continue to be hosted by Carleton University Library.
cprnsupport@library.carleton.ca to inquire about the use of materials.
Home » Research Areas » Education and Learning » Post-secondary Education - Demand and Supply Issues
Participation in post-secondary education is a major boost for personal fulfilment and labour market rewards. It is also a key to sustained economic and social progress. An environment that encourages all young people to engage in post-secondary education is highly desirable on both equity and efficiency grounds. Relevant research questions to explore include: What factors affect access to post-secondary education today and for whom? In particular, what is the role of
What is the effect of limited institutional capacity on access and program choice, especially for low-income students?
<|endofexample|>
The Secretary of the CSIRO Staff Association, Mr Sam Popovski, welcomed news of CSIRO's $220 million agreement with three US companies that sell devices using the wireless technology.
"This latest agreement brings CSIRO's Wi-Fi patent revenue to nearly $500 million - much needed funding that should be used to boost Australian science and research at CSIRO,” Mr Popovski said.
Mr Popovski said that while revenue from the licencing agreements should create some breathing space for CSIRO’s finances, the Government needed to think longer term.
“The WLAN patent expires in 2013, around the time quadrennial funding for CSIRO is due for renewal. So this revenue buys some breathing space for CSIRO and the Government,” Mr Popovski said.
“But public sector funding for CSIRO lags behind CPI and has failed to grow in real terms since the 1980’s.
“The Federal Government needs to ensure there are adequate resources to develop the capacity that will allow the next generation of science innovation to flourish,” he said.
The WLAN case is a reminder that good science takes time, said Mr Popovski.
"The sale of smartphones and tablets has exploded over the past few years but the development of the wireless technology that underpins them is no overnight sensation," Mr Popovski said.
The Australian research that led to the development of the WLAN technology started in the late 1970’s before being developed at CSIRO over the next twenty years.
"This is a story of committed Australian innovation over three decades in the making."
“The lesson here is pretty clear – don’t short change science. Invest in research now and reap the rewards for Australia in the future," Mr Popovski said.
The CSIRO Staff Association has just launch a new online newsletter call The Pulse. Check it out here.
Return to CPSUnews here.
<|endofexample|>
Craftsy Member since July 2011
I'm enrolled in these Craftsy classes: with Laura Nownes
Bag-Making Basics: Reversible Tote & Zipper Pouch
Sewing Studio
Designing Modern Quilts
Design It, Quilt It
Color Play for Quilters
Creative Quilt Backs
Machine Quilting Negative Space
Inspired Modern Quilts
The Art of Cloth Dyeing
Sewing Machine 911
<|endofexample|>
WHO TO WATCH: LAW
Since joining the Legal Aid Society of Cleveland in 2004 as a Skadden Fellow, Julie Robie not only secured a full-time position as an attorney but also earlier this year was promoted to the head of the organization's consumer law practice. She now oversees nine other attorneys and is editor of Ohio Consumer Law, an annual practice manual published by Thomson Reuters Westlaw. Her practice involves handling mortgage foreclosure, bankruptcy and utilities cases, as well as other consumer issues. Tom Mlakar, Legal Aid's deputy director for advocacy and Ms. Robie's supervisor, isn't surprised by her fast progression through the ranks. “Julie's vision, compassion and understanding of our clients and access-to-justice issues continues to inspire me and is an example of how lucky the Cleveland community is to have such a great young leader,” Mr. Mlakar said. A native of Maple Heights, Ms. Robie knew early on she wanted to serve others, either through teaching or another route.But it wasn't until her internship with the YWCA of Cleveland while studying English at Yale University that she saw a career as a lawyer as a way to achieve that goal. “That was my first glimpse in ways the legal profession could be used to assist people in great need,” Ms. Robie said. She decided to attend law school at her alma mater and upon graduation in 2004 secured a Skadden Fellowship — a two-year fellowship granted by the Skadden Foundation to allow law school graduates to practice public interest law. “There's really nothing more rewarding than being able to assist a client who needs an advocate and who would really be floundering in the legal system without an advocate from Legal Aid,” Ms. Robie said. “I think here at Legal Aid we see examples of people's lives being changed every day because of the services.” Legal Aid provides legal assistance to low-income residents of Ashtabula, Cuyahoga, Geauga, Lake and Lorain counties. Ms. Robie and her husband, Todd, have two sons, Samuel, 5, and Silas, 1.
<|endofexample|>
Props to these 116 amazing companies who answered the call to show why they have the Coolest Digs in Town.
Judging of more than 190 nominations is underway so watch for more details on the September 24th award ceremony hosted by the Ritz Carlton's Silver Grille at the Higbee Building. You won't want to miss this one!
Adcom/Optiem Communications
Akron General Medical Center
Allegro Realty Advisors Ltd.
Ambiance Inc.
Amotec Inc.
Applied Industrial Technologies
AultCare
Automotive Events
Baker & Hostetler
Barnes Wendling CPAs Inc.
Beacon Financial Partners
B&F Capital Markets
Bruner-Cox LLP
Buckingham, Doolittle & Burroughs LLP
Charter One
Chartreuse
Ciuni & Panichi Inc.
Cleveland.com
Cleveland Cavaliers
Cleveland Marriott Downtown
Cox Communications
Crimcheck.com
C.Trac Information Solutions
Custom Crafted Counters Inc.
DAS Construction
Direct Opinions
Dix & Eaton
Edward Howard
ERC
Everstream Inc.
Ernst & Young
Family Heritage
Fast Focus Careers
FedEx Custom Critical
Fieldstone Farm Therapeutic Riding Center
Findley Davies Inc.
FIT Technologies/SchoolOne
Fleishman-Hillard
flourish Inc.
The Free Medical Clinic of Greater Cleveland
FSN Ohio
Garland Industries Inc.
Great Lakes Benefits & Wealth Management
Greater Cleveland Habitat for Humanity
Greater Cleveland Partnership/COSE
Group Management Services
GTS Communications
Hairline Clinic
Hattie Larlham
Heartland Payroll Group
Health-Mor
Hitchcock Fleming & Associates
House of Blues Cleveland
Howard, Wershbale & Co.
Hyland Software
Idea Engine Inc.
Jones Day
ka architecture
Kalman & Pabst Photo Group
Kohrman Jackson & Krantz PLL
KPMG LLP
Liberty Bank N.A.
Liggett Stashower
LOGOS Communications Inc.
MAGNET
Malone Advertising
Maltz Museum of Jewish Heritage
Marcus Thomas LLC
McDonald Hopkins LLC
MCPc
Meaden & Moore
Melamed Riley Advertising
Modern International Graphics Inc.
National Interstate Insurance Company
OEConnection
Pease & Associates Inc.
Performed Line Products
Progressive Insurance
Proviti Inc.
Recovery Resources
RGI International
River’s Edge
RPM International
SageRock
SCK Design Inc.
Shearer’s Foods Inc.
Skoda Minotti
Spectrum Surgical Instruments
Sports Construction Group LLC
Sooy + Co.
Saint Luke’s Foundation
Supply One Cleveland/Columbus
SS&G Financial Services Inc.
Studio Graphique
The Carmon Group
The Cleveland Foundation
The Hyatt Regency Cleveland at the Arcade
The Krill Company
The Lube Stop Inc.
The MetroHealth System
The NRP Group
The Reserves Network
The Ritz Carlton, Cleveland
Think Media Studios
thunder::tech
Time Warner Cable
Today’s Business Products
Todd Associates LLC
Trevarro Inc.
Ulmer & Berne
Visconsi Companies Ltd.
Visual Marking Systems Inc.
Vocon
Wellington Technologies Inc.
WhiteSpace Creative
Zig Marketing
<|endofexample|>
Woop! - Unregistered July 05, 2010 11:35 AM Great race by Alvaro, congratulations!And seeing Loris' result as well let's hope this is not just a flash in the pan, but maybe a sign of where the blue bike can be with a fit and hungry rider.Please Suzuki, put some more effort into this. It's a shame to see good riders wobble around the back of the field most of the time because they don't have even remotely competitive machinery. Report abuse 7 agree 0 disagree
<|endofexample|>
Ewwwwww?
37 comments:
in like manner that deep calls out to deep...the opposite is also true. and i cannot fathom the number of STDs amongst that trio...from dave to tila, tila to dave, tila to nick...
*mind boggled*
Wasn't she a Lesbian? Wasn't see preggers also a while back? I thought her true love was that Casey chick that died ...
Oh and that Dave guy ... ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Bleh, the two pieces of crap deserve each other.
I feel filthy.
I'd say they deserve eachother, but it's all so pathetic.
Umm, why 'EWWWW'?
That "Ewww" should be "Yay for containment!"
I can not think of two people who deserve eachother more.
Ms. Goodhand, gossip reporter, has a lovely profile on the Radar Online site....
Awww, what a cute couple! Almost cute as his Mom and her boytoy Hulk look alike or his Dad with his pre-teen daughter look alike gf.
Hey, Nick is just trying tp keep up with his scuzzy parents to see who can bring the biggest piece of trash home to meet the family. Nick will have to answer for all he has done one of these days. No one escapes judgment.
I thought that was Amy Winehouse and I immediately thought, "She could do better."
Enty,
Why do you leave the worst pictures up for the longest time?
just so they don't have kids!
well this is about the grossest thing I've read in a while. add paris hilton to the mix and some kind of drug-resistant superbug would be created.
yuck.
shudder
Seems like a perfect match to me.
Ms. Goodhand is a former high school teacher. And caught the "journalism" bug. Does that mean she actually went to school for journalism? I always wondered what kind of credentials people that work at places like TMZ, Radar, etc. have (if any, like Good Hand).
There isn't enough purel in the entire country that would make me want to get anywhere near these two.
And I thought Denise Richards and Nikki Sixx was gross.
How old is this douche? 18, 19? And completely bald. I don't wish baldness on anyone at such a young age (or any age for that matter) but he deserves it.
Brings the sleezebag out in him.
Enty raises a good point. We snark on a lot of people here but most of them have never really hurt anybody.
Then we get oozebags like Nick here.
THIS is the type of guy that makes me physically sick. Chris "Ah ain't no woman beater no mo'" Brown makes me sick too.
@MCH - I have a feeling Harvey at TMZ picks top journalism students or law students.
As for the cameramen he picks - I think he could be a bit more choosier there. Most of them look like they annoy everybody all the time.
Just re-read this and for some bizarre reason can't stop laughing at "knocking boots". Nice one, Grandpa Enty :)
Ok, call me crazy, but why the enormous hate for Nick? He has had his time in court. It wasn't as if he purposely went out of his way to hurt his friend. Stupid, risky actions, yes - but not on purpose. Is he supposed to stay in hiding the rest of his life? Did he leave the friend there to die?
05: Prior to the accident, he had been ticketed numerous times for speeding. At the time of the accident, he had been drinking and was again speeding. His passenger requires round-the-clock medical care and he gets to be a "celebrity".
It's just not cool.
@05 - Just google John Graziano Brain Injury and you'll see what that piece of shit Nick did.
WARNING!!! The photos are extremely graphic and disturbing. Seriously!
How many time you want to be that it was the other way around and John was the one speeding and driving recklessly? Thats just the culture for a lot of young guys in that area of Florida, Fast and Furious wanna-bes. Not that anyone deserves permanent brain damage but it is not fair to paint him as a saint and Nick as the devil. It was an accident, preventable yes, but an accident nonetheless.
I'm with Alleycat on this one. Nick may be a douchebag, but it is not likely he was a douchebag on his own and there were probably plenty of times both boys were out hot rodding. They were an accident waiting to happen and it just happened to be Nick driving that night. Of course it would be nice if he could show a little contrition but I blame the parents for that as well as him. I know he went to jail, but has he actually "apologized" for what happened?
and Angelina from Jersey Shore is pregnant. Gross day!
so you have reverted to your old ways. i knew this wasn't gonna last long.
Hesitate to say anything in defense of Nick Hogan but I will also chime in to say/ask
Wasnt the passenger NOT wearing a seatbelt? Also, as many pointed out it seems like they both have this sort of death defying, parents buying them speeder cars more equipt for race track transportation. Im NOT advocating we give Hogan a break here by any means but, like someone said, to paint him as the devil and resonsible 100% for this seems wrong.
that being said- whoa am I glad the contamination of these two celebretards is confined to the two of them. Now if only Amy Winehouse (love her music) and Paris Hilton would join their sex party and stay there we would have cleaned up like half the cause for valtrax in the first place :)
I don't know how Nick Hogan lives with himself in the aftermath of that horrible outcome for his friend. You'd think he'd be a little more concerned with raising awareness of what can happen when you're utterly foolish and careless and as a small measure of compassion for his permanently disabled former friend. He's totally heartless and even dingbat Tila Tequila is too good for him.
at least she doesnt look like his sister...
Lori - no, but he looks just like her sister. So, still gross.
I just realized that sentence made no sense. I cant even figure out what I was trying to say. Need coffee.
Advice to Tila Tequila: either you drive, or hail a cab.
I think that pic of Nick looks like Joseph (Joey) Lawrence.
<|endofexample|>
Random Photos Part Two - Fashion Week
Jessica Alba looked good. That is leather at the top.
At the same show was Amber Heard.
Stacy Keibler spending some time away from George Clooney was also there.
Victoria Beckham shows off one of the creations from her show.
Matt Damon even made it for Fashion Week.
This is how those photos are taken.
Renee Zellweger makes it two days in a row at Fashion Week.
Sharing the front row with Anna Wintour are Viola Davis and Maria Sharapova.
Leighton Meester was also front row at a show.
37 comments:
Gee, Anna Wintour looks like an absolute joy to be around.[/sarcasm]
I love Amber's dress.
I saw another photo where Miss Anna was talking with Viola and her husband. But you sure couldn't tell by this pic!
That's the worst I've seen Leighton look.
I too would hold on to Matt Damon tightly if he were my husband.
OMG how annoying would all those photographers in your face be??
Poor Viola and Maria.
I hope Anna Wintour spends all of eternity at a Sears fashion show sandwiched between Nikki Minaj and my sister.
Love the top three dresses.
Sorry Jessica, not a fan of the summerish looking dress with heavy tights unless you are wearing something more winterish on top. Looks unbalanced.
LOL it's easy to believe that Anna's nightmare would include having to wear something made at Sear's.
it's fashion, not splitting the atom. Dear Gods the sour look of such seriousness on their faces is beyond silly..
Redheat, we think alike (JA comment). The dress is ugly (I think) but the opaque tights kill it.
And yeah, what happened to pretty Leighton Meester?.
Posh's shoes are the perfect nude shade for elongating the leg, but I like the style of Renee's better.
I'd hang on to Matt also, what a honey.
i would love to run up to wintour, take the shades and run like hell!
Regarding the black tights, I understand what you are all saying, but I think the leather at the shoulders could counterbalance the black tights.
Skeball: I double dog DARE YOU to try that one day if you ever have the chance! Miss Anna will CUT YOU for sure. Or send Andre Leon Talley to slap you silly. LOL!
I think Renee looks good lately- softer, less sinewy.
I couldn't imagine all those photographers in my face. NO thanks!!
Yeah, what's with Leighton? She's always been one of my faves, and she looks awful here. Hoping for just a bad angle or lighting.
I think it's Leighton's bangs -- her face isn't the right shape for them.
I conclude that any husband willing to attend frickin' Fashion Week with his wife could not possibly be the person mentioned in the BI about the husband thinking about leaving his wife for not watching enough sports.
Leighton's shoes with that bag is all wrong. Reminds me of The Nanny episode where Mr. Sheffield rushes Fran, and her purse is all wrong for her outfit. She ends up being photographed as a fashion "don't.".
@Mooshki, ordinarily I don't like that hem length with shoes like that but her legs are 20 feet long. There's only a handful of women that can pull that off, the rest are "real women" (hahahahahahahahahaha).
I'm with lutefisk--all kinds of mis-matched-ness going on w/ Leighton..
I'm thrilled to see the ladies getting away from the one foot crossed over the other *peeing myself* pose.
.
Posh looks like she's wearing pj's and high heels. She also looks like she's never had a child.
She really needs to up her celery stick intake to 2/week.
Man, Alba's dress is killer. Love that color.
I heart Renee Z..
@Del Riser - YES!!! Me too! What IS that pose?
!
<|endofexample|>
Tom Hanks Is Going To Play Walt Disney In Mary Poppins Movie
I have to say this movie actually sounds interesting. At first I thought someone was going to remake Mary Poppins which I have been prepared for and am expecting because I think there is room to make a darker version. Not dark like Paranormal Activity where the children disappear and come back later and kill Mr. Banks, but just not so animated and cheery. Anyway, apparently PL Travers did not like the way the movie turned out either, and this movie is going to be about the making of Mary Poppins and Emma Thompson would play PL Travers and Tom Hanks would play Walt Disney. It took 14 years of persuasion before Walt Disney was finally able to secure the rights. The movie is going to be called Saving Mr. Banks.
18 comments:
I read about this I believe the part of the movie she hated was the animation scenes.
Never saw it. I saw a little bit of the animated stuff and was not impressed. I do love Bedknobs and Broomsticks, though.
I'll definitely see this. My oldest was OBSESSED with Mary Poppins from about ages one to three, so I've seen it hundreds of times. And, I have to say, enjoyed it every time. The backstory regarding the rights, the making of the movie, and the music is fascinating.
But I'll freely admit I'm a nerd. It'll just be me and my son in an empty theater cheering like crazy people for the Mary Poppins tell-all :-). And that's ok.
Spent time in London at a Sufi school. Yeah, there was a pupil outside of the building (with his wife on a farm, wearing rough clothing in a self-styled punitive way) and how he received his education led to his recovering from playing James Bond AND not so wonderfully to his mania for brutal lawsuits.
Teachers there were very good, even remarkable. Who was the best? I'd say she was the late P.L. Travers... and you can register for her classes now by reading all her Mary Poppins books.
Wow, I feel so lame and out of touch. I had no idea Mary Poppins was based on a book/s. How many were there? I would love to read them and see how they compare with the movie now. I loved the animation scenes....
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
Is he going to have his head popped in an icecube at the end? Maybe have Wilson in a cube next to him? (sorry, in a dark place today)
The Mary Poppins books are awesome. I love the film as well. I loved Dick Van Dyke in it. And I loved when they jumped into his pastel sketches on the sidewalk. Beautiful film, IMO.
I really don't like Tom Hanks, so might not want to watch this.
*passes BigMama some milk and cookies* Hope your day gets better hon!
I agree with Sylvia, I am rather over Tom Hanks..
@JoElla - thanks, can you throw a new job in with that? LOL Love me some cookies though!
@BigMama, whatever is going on (and it's definitely something, you don't sound like yourself) - hope it gets better soon. Hugs from the EmEyeKay household :)
Thanks Em - early 40's is a scary time to think about a new career especially when you don't have any talent or education.
Interesting timing for this announcement -- right on the heels of the obvious BI about Hanks' son and his criminal activities. Hanks people apparently don't remember/know of Disney's reputation as a Nazi sympathizer.
@BigMama - Sorry you're having a bad day. You routinely make me smile, so there's that. :)
Enty wanting a darker Mary Poppins made me giggle. I loved the original. I love Tom Hanks and Emma Thompson, so I'm sure I'll see it.
AT LEAST IT'S ORIGINAL!!
ugh walt disney the 33rd degree mason who started evil disney empire? who was obsessed with animals, little boys butts, and had an alchohol problem, and would spend all of his time in the nether-tunnels underneath the magic kingdom of mind control?
This dark enough for you Enty?
(Freaking love Mary Poppins!!)
<|endofexample|>
:
.
I have a former co-worker who was addicted to Oxycontin; she did a 10 day detox, and has been on Suboxone for three years. She's very dependent on that, now. Just seems like such a vicious cycle. Is it all for Big Pharma to make some serious profit?
And I agree, pretty shitty of her friend to do that.
honestly MTV should be responsible for these kids, they throw them into the media spotlight and then when they are done with them they are done.
MTV should pay for her rehab and therapy for the rest of her life.
Enty how did you get a hold of this? It looks like FB chat, not twatter.
This girl needs to get control of herself.
Kiefffffaah! I knows what you dids Kiefffaaah! I be seein you wif Kieffah and its bad news Jenelle, Kieffah is bad news.".
@goes - Yeah, she's had a lot of psychological issues and finally had a total breakdown and took herself to a mental health facility. I suspect a lot of addiction goes hand in hand with mental health issues, because they use it to "cope" or just feel differently than they feel. Not all, obviously.
no idea, but I remember a while back Amy announcing her pregnancy then miscarriage. She always came off as such a sweet (although at times, had an 'im better than you' 'tude)
I admit I was totally shocked when I saw these
(they were released by James Duffy on his twitter @JamesDuffy01)
.
I actually feel for her. Heroin withdrawal is no joke. About 5 years ago, I used to use it with my boyfriend at the time.. smoking it but after I finally left him he started shooting it. As far as I know he still uses to this day, and has been in and out of rehab. The withdrawal just from smoking it a few times a week was excruciating so I can't imagine what it's like withdrawing from a full-blown opiate addiction. I can't stand this girl but I wouldn't wish that hell on anyone..
The drugs that are used to help withdraw off of drugs from is most often harder to withdraw from. My ex was on methadone and suboxone multiple times. The first time I felt bad, after multiple times my sympathy was non-existent. And yes I've been clean for almost 4 years, but I was the binge kind of user, not the everyday hooked kind of user. I just didn't stop until I blacked out or went on a few day binge.
Suboxone is the devil. And ten times harder to kick than H.. The H w/d is more acute but the sub w/d is much longer in duration. People think subs are a life saver but all they are is " harm reduction ".. My prayers to all struggling with this affliction. I have one year clean this month after battling opiate addiction for 9 years.
I take it this is a Teen Mom? What more evidence do we need that humanity is going straight down the shitter than the Teen Mom franchise and Kimye reproducing? But to step off the soapbox for a moment, this whole exchange is deeply disturbing to me. And, as several people mentioned above, clearly not intended for the public eye. Sad.
Freaking awesome those who got clean !!!
Seriously ..I have to take pain medication and I didn't realize my body was addicted until I ran out for one day . In the bathroom and couldn't sleep with the chills so bad and that was from 1 damn day!
Wouldn't wish it on anyone ..except maybe child molesters .
Good job on kickin ..that rocks :)
I sat on a jury in October that was a child abuse murder case. The young man turned twenty-five the day before we gave him 100 years for first degree murder. The only drug he had in his system when he dealt the death blow to an 18-month old little girl? Suboxone.
Ditto for DBT being developed for BPD. It was being pumped up as the second coming of group therapy until Medicaid put some heavy restrictions on how long someone could attend group, individual therapy, ect. Since DBT is designed to be gone through ag least twice I see it fading out.
Aaand.... I just remembered I have to finish my progress notes! Thanks for jogging the memory! Lol.
One more thing. A friend of mine has some severe back problems and is prescribed about 125 lortab each month. When he has a bad pain month and runs out early, he gets severe back pain AND withdrawal. Now, he keeps a bottle of imodium for those times. He still hurts like hell, but he's not putting the flu on top of it.
(I forgot to mention that loperamide doesn't relieve pain, you can't take it for a headache, for example.)
I've never used street drugs, but trying to withdraw from Methadone my specialist gave me? Horrific. Why he thought that was a good idea, I'll never know.
<|endofexample|>
Posted by
ent lawyer
at
6:45:
Its Britney, bitch!
I wonder what JLo would say about this...
Shouldn't Eve get back to her shift at Subway or whatever she does these days?
Not that they couldn't find someone to mimic her, but the song sounds like Britney.
Thanks, Enty!
I actually like Eve. I think she's a good MC. I used to constantly listen to her Scorpion album when I was in grad school.
However, I've heard this song and it sounds exactly like Brit's normal speaking voice. It probably is her "singing" with heavy auto tune. I know some people think Britney might be MV, but I think her singing voice sounds a lot like her normal voice (same with JLo). I also can't imagine paying someone to sing that poorly. Just my opinion.
Is Enty toying with an MV reveal? Fishing for clicks from us old-timers?
FINE.
Let's talk MV here today, if y'all want....
I do believe there is some heavy MV hinting in all the Britney items.
Then again, ur-Enty supposedly liked Britney, right?
I'm not disagreeing, but the first thing I thought of when this came to light: Remeber when Britney went cray cray and was hanging out with Sam Lutfi? She recorded a whole album during that mess! Wouldn't Sam have said something by now if it wasn't her?
That being said, this is nothing new. C+C Music Factory got in trouble back in the day for using that skinny model to lip sync instead of correctly crediting the zaftig former Weather Girl who really sang all the female parts on their tracks. And now Britney is on so many meds she probably wouldn't even realize if the voice that ends up on the track isn't hers
GMG, that's the problem I have with Brit or JLo being MV---If it's either of them, their trashy-sounding (sorry) real voices are layered over the other singer.
I never thought MV was Britney. There's the footage of her singing as a child plus stuff like her on Ellen going door to door singing Christmas Carols. She has never had the best voice & they inflate the hell out of it, but it's her neither the less. I always thought it was JLO.
The only part that is iffy for me is the fake accent part. The rest sound like Brit.
I'm more interested in who that guy is Brit went to dinner with last night!
Really? I feel like there's more blatant hinting with regard to JLo. He makes comments about her "carefully crafted image" etc.
@VIP - I think Sam would've. He's out to destroy anyone he can for a buck it seems. Also remember during that time she kept speaking in a British accent to the paps.
It sounds like her to me, and her vocal part is pretty minor in the song anyways so I don't get why it's a big deal.
Britney sounded like Britney back on Mickey Mouse Club. I really don't think she is MV. I guess Eve is half correct, since the song is almost all auto tune, as well as Britney's attempt at an English accent. The song really sucks.
I don't know about the song, but I don't think it's her in that photo
@Lotta, Britney had that horrible reality show for a short time. She attempted that accent often. It's her. I was shocked that someone thought it was a good idea to add it to the song.
So, Eve said she heard something from someone sometime that may or may not be true.
I think someone just wants to get their own name back out there.
I do think its Britney. She only has a couple of lines to sing. It would be more trouble than its worth to have a 'cover up'.
Sounds just like her too. Like when she sang Happy birthday to L.A. Reid on X Factor.
They said on the radio this morning that Eve had said it was not her voice in the British part. Then Brit's camp replied that she did "sing". They didn't argue about the speaking part.
I think it sounds just like her. That sounds like her regular voice.
Where's Shelly?
@Rickatoo - it's 30% her, and the rest is makeup, lighting, and photoshop. She looks fantastic in the video, but again, makeup, lighting, and digital enhancement.
She looks like Hellraiser in that picture.
No one ever agrees with me, and I know Enty says MV is NOT foreign-born--But let me just say, again, that when Shania Twain first hit so HUGE (pre-internet, practically), I saw old beauty pageant VHS footage of her singing in a talent competition from just a few years before. I immediately perked up aghast and thought, 'THAT is NOT the same voice!' It was stunningly different to me.
I had already noticed that she was a BAD lip-syncher in her videos, so my spidey-sense was all over ST.
At the time, I assumed it must just be studio magic covering her real mediocre voice.
Because of that footage though, and my reaction way-back-when, I can't help but 'hope' I was right, and Enty if lying about MV being American.
I still think Jlo is mv.....Britney is barely singing on the song anyways.
Hey libby if you think Shania Twain is MV I don't have a problem with that. I don't think MV is either JLo or Britney because of the things I've seen & heard from both (speaking voice/singing voice, etc).
I know everyone thinks it's JLo and it could be but I don't think so. Definitely not Brit Brit, she sounds like herself even if everything is heavily dubbed & auto-tuned & lip synched these days.
Ah Amber, sadly everything Britney is only 30% her these days, even her brain. :(
Shania use to make the bar rounds up here in Canada (around 92ish - IIRC) before she hit the big time...I wish I'd seen her now!
Hunter, I agree. I have no idea who MV is, but I realllly do not think it is Britney. I also don't think it is J.Lo. It would kind of suck if it was Shania. I swear I saw her on a show (CBS Sunday Morning, I think), talking about some duet cd. It showed her singing live, trying to record something, and she sounded the same.
Haha, Rickatoo, I was thinking the same thing!
Anyway, I never thought MV was Brit Brit. I hope she isn't.
I think MV is a fake blind. Not that it hasn't happened. Just not at the scale Enty described. Plus, we now know he's a probate attorney. Can't imagine that he represented on that case.
There was a clue that the first and last name of MV had 13 letters. JLo and Brit fit. Shania does not. That is why we are all stuck on Brit and JLo.
What about Rihanna for MV?
Mv was married and has kids so its rhi rhi
@renoblondee I can see that, I was listening to it yesterday & the singing part sounds like her, without a doubt, but the speaking part "ya gotta turn this shit up", I can see that being someone else's voice, it doesn't really sound like her.
And the "it's Britney, bitch" sounds like it was copy/pasted directly from that song she did a few years ago
Britney is so overrated. I really don't understand her huge following.
There's so little singing in the Britney part, I wouldn't be surprised if it was or wasn't her. It sounds like Britney's voice to me. I didn't know Eve was like that.
If MV was a fake blind item, that would completely discredit CDAN in its entirety.
And Enty is definitely not a probate attorney.
I completely thought MV was Shania until the whole born in America clue.
Since then, I think the clues lead to J. Lo.
I kind of feel bad that this is how Eve is staying relevant. What happened to her? I remember the whole Sean Penn visiting her in jail, and then she dropped off the face of the planet. Anyone have deets?
@Puggle, I'm familiar with her pink wig/fake accent days but this one sounds different on the song to me. I don't think it's not her voice, I can just see how other people like Eve wouldn't believe it.
I can't believe people would take someone liked EVE's word for it anyway. I mean, where has she been? It's like if Tiffany came out of the woodwork to slam Beyonce's lip scandal!
@B Profane. Did you not read that NY Post article that investigated and found that he handled Wills and Probate.
Thing is, I think MV is fiction. I still spent a lot of time trying to figure it out and nothing fits perfectly.
I still enjoy the site. I just take it with a grain of salt. So should everyone, given the disclaimer.
@B.profane- I'm afraid we already discussed that topic earlier this week. You're too late.
Ok for the regular posters here, what/where is this MV blind item you guys are all referring too?
@pump, check out the sidebar and look for the tag labeled MV. There are several posts under that tag so you'll have to go back to get to the original blind item.
@pump
There were several posts, but this is the original:
I have said several times I think MV is Mary J. Blige and I get no feedback from the CDAN community on that one. Am I completely off base? Everything fits IMO.
I saw Mary J perform live on Idol once, dueting with Taylor Hicks. Very odd performance, but she was singing.
Oh brother. Not the NY Post article again.
Land Manatee- that would certainly be a big deal and it's an intriguing idea. I think, whether we want to admit it or not, the most popular MV guesses are singers we don't like for whatever reason. No one will stand up for J-Lo, but Mary is a well-liked (over-rated) and distinguished (drama queen) artist.
My personal reason for not thinking it's likely is I've seen enough live performances with the runs and the bends and squats and crazy windmill arms to think she's not faking it.
@libby. Just because J-Lo is (probably) Enty's MV, doesn't mean Shania can't be one too!
"@B Profane. Did you not read that NY Post article that investigated and found that he handled Wills and Probate."
Yes, I read it. It's been discussed many times. That article is fake. I mean, it's the frickin' Post, fer chrissake. The consensus is that that article is complete bull.
Well, obviously, some want to believe what they want to believe. Consensus? I don't know. The whole Timmy/Shimmy thing drove a bunch of people away. I see absolutely no proof that anything Enty says is true. He even says it could be fiction. Even if he believes it to be true, it's gossip and subject to embellishment and the game of telephone.
I have been reading this site since the MV thing and commenting occasionally. I don't think MV is real. Still enjoy it. Not sure why people get so defensive over someone they don't know...
I just read an interview with Bonnie McKee who said she wrote and sang on Britney's newest album.
"I see absolutely no proof that anything Enty says is true."
You have not been reading closely enough. Someone connected with CDAN managed to get Donal Logue to do a long segment on AM radio. Someone had very timely, very inside info about Estella Warren's meltdown two years ago.
Just for giggles, if there was an actual entertainment law attorney who had worked in the music business, been involved in a major beef with the Scientologists and worked in the reality show industry...would you believe that the MV blind item was legit? Or would you rather believe in massive coincidences and years of deliberate, detailed hoaxing.
@B. Profane - I can't keep all the details straight, but in your former scenario...Said entertainment lawyer that worked in the music business AND reality...Remember Diddy's Making The Band? Association with Diddy would put him near Jennifer Lopez who is Co$. We all know how Co$ will pump any amount of money into upholding an image.
You're right. I haven't been reading every comment thread because I don't have time.
Not saying he doesn't have any contacts (though they all seem to be Canadian), but he didn't come through on several things. I assume you're referring to the aborted radio show that he asked people to donate money towards?
I just don't buy the MV thing. If J-lo and Brit are the most popular guesses, it doesn't make sense. Neither are known for their singing and haven't changed a bit.
I wonder why eve cldnt keep her big mouth shut? Who really cares if it was her ir not? Leave brit be, she has enough problems!
@auntliddy - sometimes people say things like that because they think it'll make the relevant and interesting. It gets the attention focused on them because they're able to share something "juicy". Same goes for one-uppers!
Hey @Caralw - I don't think anyone, save Jax, knows who Enty is but the general consensus is by outing him will cause this site to cease, and nobody wants that.
IMO, and many others, Enty was sending that Post "reporter" on a wild goose chase. It was published under "opinion" on the Post either the day of or after April 1st. The "reporter" only cared to chase Enty down after the Himmmm media blowup. It makes perfect sense to me.
None of us take everything here as truth, but it's damn entertaining. So every time a poster brings up that inane NYPost "article", I am dumbfounded. Think about it: if Enty had granted an honest interview, he'd be signing this site's death warrant. Please let it go.
it is a shitty song, regardless of whether brit brit actually sang or not.
it is a shitty song, regardless of whether brit brit actually sang or not.
I just want to say that mv/enty/cdan speculation threads are my favorite.
That is all.
Shanks isn't foreign born.......I thought she was born here and just grew up in canadaland. LOVE this guess! I effing hate her.
Shanks=shania autocorrect STAYS
Land Manatee, interesting guess! I don't think it's J.Lo or Britney, so it's nice to hear another possibility.
I can't believe people are still discussing whether Britney really sings on her recordings. It's obvious that all of her songs are heavily manipulated in the studio and/or have supporting tracks from other singers. Anyone who's seen Crossroads (Yes, I love bad movies, and I'm not ashamed to admit it!) knows that she has a pretty but very weak voice, and she needs a lot of "help." Some of the singers they get to help her out don't even sound anything like her.
Who cares. Pop music is so auto-tuned and processed now you could argue that nobody really sings anymore.
When I saw Eve say that on WWHL I screamed "MV" at my tv. I wanted to believe it was JLO, but when Enty said it would rock the industry I thought it would have to be Brit Brit.
Shanks Twain's birth name is Eileen Edwards. 13 letters!!!!!!!!!!
With all due respect, I am not trying to "out" Enty's true identity. I don't really care who he is, tbh. I hardly think expressing some healthy skepticism in the comments section could do that. I didn't bring up MV. I just expressed that I don't believe that particular blind. YMMV.
@Lunaire- Bonnie did background vocals. Thats what she meant. She did them on Katy's records as well.
@B.Profane- what do u mean it would discredit Enty? There's a friggin disclaimer at the bottom of this website that basically says half of what you read here is fiction and the product of Enty's imagination. Its insanely obvious that a lot of the blinds are made up.
Shania came from a disadvantaged background. I don't think she could have afforded good voice lessons until well after her dinner theatre and pageant days.
If you listen to her in interviews, you can sense the intelligence there. She looks quite a bit different from when she was young. She's definitely had surgery here and there (like most entertainers).
I think her voice has been strengthened by working with voice coaches, who help singers to make the most of their natural talents.
Jax once said that enty has never truly hidden who he is...and it's not surprising which celebrities pop up here over and over.
I fucking LOVE will.i.am. If you have never seen his appearance on Graham Norton with Miriam Margolyes, do yourself a favor and watch it.
i dont think its here 100% on the song at all just the hook
and the video all she does is that turn and stare look
shes not all there man
Amen, Tuesday, Amen.
Good Lord, a little detective work and you too can find out who Enty is and who he/she connects to and all the rest of it. It's the readers and the ever changing community who make Enty successful.
Interesting Read/Interview
What do you all think? Which clue debunks my guess? Would love to hear your take on this!
@Agent...exactly.
@ Libby - as much as I would like to back you up, I've seen a couple of old Shania Twain videos (one of her singing at some Canadian mountain resort) and it sounds like an earlier, not quite so polished version of her.
@ CeeJay - Shania spells Eileen with two L's. Eilleen.
Makes me seem like a Shania fan, but I'm not, honestly, although I did see a "Behind the Music" show or something like that with her once, and she seemed to have a human head.
I think MV is J-Lousy. I mean J-Lo.
That's Britney Bitch.
even the britsh part is her. She was speaking British the whole 2007 era with her pink wig. Nobody remembers that.
So this MV thing. What is it in short version The person doesnt sing in their own song?
I tried to read it and I didnt understood nothing lol
@CeeJay-Shania was born in Ontario.
I might be missing something here but I don't understand why everyone is guessing either J.Lo or Britney for MV? They are both piss-poor singers. I would think that if the industry was going to concoct this whole lie, they would want someone with actual talent to stand in for MV. If you're gonna fake it, why not hire someone who's really good?
It's pretty clear that Enty doesn't care about having his identity revealed. CDAN has bashed COS so fiercely and doggedly, he had to have known that the clams would crack the anonymity of the blog (although I suspect he was already on their Known Enemies list).
I like the MJB guess.
Also, it's Britney. Sounds just like her.
For newer readers who may have missed this. MV stands for Milli Vanilli...they were the 90s group who won numerous Grammies for vocal performances that it was later revealed they had not done.
I have long thought that the music industry nor the general public would be in shock to discover that JLO or Britney didn't sing on their records...or received a lot of help via atuo tune and electronic genius. Mary J Blige...now that would be huge.
LandManatee, great research !!
Ha! It's not Britney, it sounds just like the voice double that she's always used, that's why it sounds like what we think is her. Eve said it with a smirk and eyebrow raise, like she was sharing gossip. Enty's absolutely right, she has inside knowledge, inside gossip, and was repeating the rumor. Britney's a fake, and I don't give a damn. Her double should be paid though. Come on Brits Dad! Cough it up!
The NY Post article about Enty was filled with misinformation provided by Enty to throw everyone off the trail. Like he's going to say, here's my i.d, my work address, my home address, my social security number, to the whole fing world so that CDAN has to end, and again, his career is ended? Enty's smarter than that people, come on!
So Enty produces a fake bar card? That's a felony. If he's that cunning, why do people doubt he can make this shit up? It's brilliant.
Oh and CO$? They have bigger fish to fry. His comments are nothing compared to the articles from Tampa that he posted.
I saw Mary j live a few yrs back back and I'm telling you now she sang her ass off. Amazing powerfull n beautiful voice gave me goosebumps . No way is she M.V . no way
<|endofexample|>
Your Turn
Giuliana Rancic is in the news again and not because she suddenly decided she was going to eat. She says that she always puts her husband first and her baby second. So, what about you? Baby first or significant other first?
Giuliana Rancic is in the news again and not because she suddenly decided she was going to eat. She says that she always puts her husband first and her baby second. So, what about you? Baby first or significant other:
Do you really have to choose?
Nothing wrong with that! Happy parents, happy baby. Don't people say to greet your spouse first before anyone else? It doesn't mean she doesn't love that baby of hers!
I don't have any babies but I don't see anything wrong with putting your hubby first.
I'm totally BUMMED I missed B's hissy fit yesterday. I have to do something about this thing here I call work.
Hubby first, kids second, especially now that they're older.
Speaking as someone who is not married and without kids, I feel like you have to put the baby first, at least until it gets to a certain age.
I heard some relationship advice once from a man who is on his second marriage (he got it right the second time around; been with second wife for 30 years). He said that in his first marriage, he and his wife each gave 50%. But that left 50% of their needs unmet. In his second marriage, he and his wife both give 100%, and all of their needs are met
The problem with my marriage was my husband put himself first, always.
No kids yet, but a happy marriage begets a happy family. How is it putting your kids first if you aren't getting along with their other parent? The times that I was unhappiest as a kid were when I feared my parents getting a divorce or when there was discord.
I remember reading about a survey years ago...where a bunch of women and men were asked the same question.
The asked if a house was burning and you could only save one, would it be your husband or your children? You can't save both. Almost 100% of the women said they'd save their children and most of the men said they'd save their wives/S.O. The explanation the men gave for choosing their wives over their children...a majority said they would be devastated, but could still have more children with their wives.
I think it's about balance. Obviously you need to put the baby first, at least for the first little while because that baby depends on you to stay alive ! You don't need to neglect your significant other in the process. Parenting is a team effort, anyway. But obviously I'm speaking as someone who doesn't have nannies on staff full time.
I'm not even sure what she means but It was a little hard to have a conversation with my husband with our daughter crying in the background. How do you make a hungry baby wait just to finish the rest of a story?
Without knowing the context it's hard to say. Are we talking about if only 1 person gets to eat its the husband and not the baby? Ha ha or if the husband wants a blow job but really she should be changing the babies poopy diaper? If do than boo to her. But if she means she gets a sitter twice a week so she can go have time with her husband Good for her. I guess it depends on how old her kids are also. Minor one and two so that kind of changes things
Kids first, always IMHO
If people took better care of their children in our society( love nurturing being connected) then our society wouldnt be in the shithole it is.
Look at all these postings on CDAN: cheating cheating cheating...so relationships come and go...kids are yours FOREVER.
Shameful toothy celebutards
I meant to say I can so relate;-)
I put my husband first but if someone was pointing a gun at my family, I would save my children.
I have neither so I can't really speak/judge her. But I feel like when the child is an infant it should be hubby first, how can you provide a good environment for your child if you live in an unhappy house? Especially when it goes from being just the two of you to now a baby that demands so much time and attention (not a bad thing!).
And just because you want to put your significant other first does not mean the baby is totally neglected either, obviously in a loving home everyone involved is receiving the love and attention they need and deserve.
:-(
Its a problem I wish I had. I dont have either a husband or kids and am now at the age where both are impossible to get. Giuliana is lying though--its herself she puts first just like J Ho and the kardasssions and all the other celeb moms. None of them ever raise their kids anyway--they have nannies for that.. Look around the Hollywood/celebrity types. Perhaps if the adults didn't let the kids run the show (looking at the Lohans for starters) the family wouldn't be such a mess.
I have to say the child first, granted I have a toddler so there is no real choice. I think my husband would probably say the same thing. As he gets older though that may change. Happy child=happy parents (in my house).
Auto correct is an asshole. I mean mine are 1 and 2, not minor
I also think it's a matter of balance--young children, esp. babies & toddlers, are totally dependent on their parents and require a lot of time and attention, but you do still both have to make time for each other and your marriage, because if you two are miserable, you'll end up making the kid(s) miserable as well. Kids need more hands-on physical care, whereas adults can presumably take care of themselves in that regard, but need to have their emotional & sexual needs fulfilled.
I'm guessing that part of the reason for the big split between men and women in the example given above is that women think in terms of their kids being helpless compared to their spouse, and needing Mom to save them, whereas the SO is an adult who might be able to make his/her own way out. I don't see it as a question of loving one more or less than the other, but of loving them in different ways, and distributing your available resources (time, money, hands-on attention, etc.) differently. In the burning house example, no matter what, you're going to lose someone and be totally devastated, so it's not a good scenario either way. (It just occurred to me that perhaps marriage or its equivalent and childrearing might qualify as the ultimate in socialism in a weird way--you know, "from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs." Yes, I'm weird to think of it that way, but what the hell... ;-)
Full Giuliana.”
@mikey
were we married to the same selfish shit ?
This is kind of a ridiculous question. Caring for your spouse and caring for your baby are not mutually exclusive.
And the example Giuliana gave wasn't as if she ignores the baby to give her marriage attention. This is what she said:
…."
@VIPBlonde - that is the same advice my gf's mom gave us. She didn't nail it until hubs #4 though, but they are going on 25 years now.
well, that's because she is a vain, vapid, insecure idiot. Husbands should be fairly self-sufficient and once the both of you make the decision to have a raise a child (please note here, Giuliana, I say child and not 'status symbol', 'accessory' or 'ratings booster') then you both should be committed to putting this dependent and helpless being first.
That being said, I get what she's saying..
100% reasonable
Baby first! First of all, because they can't take care of themselves, obviously. Secondly, because you can explain to your husband why the baby gets more attention, and he can comprehend it. Baby's not old enough to understand "I am not the center of the universe" yet.
But that can (and probably should) change as the baby grows up and becomes more independent.
My husband and I love each other to pieces, and still manage to eat normally. This is a bogus excuse for her being so unhealthy. She was scary skinny long before the baby.
MISCH, ha, but I'm afraid there's more than one out there.
Huh, I think some of you may be taking her statement out of context. I am pretty confident she is not neglecting the child.
I think some people forget when they have children that you need to have that "special" time with your significant other as well and I don't mean 5 minutes of sex. Always putting the child before your significant other is just asking for trouble in my humble opinion. You need to make time for all and sometimes its baby first and sometimes its hubby first.
I'm with nothanksdarlin. Depends on context! I would say kids first, but nourishing a marriage is important too. If it was food/milk/presents etc- kids! Burning building- kids!
she was talking in general form, not a newborn baby FFS.
I kinda agree with, it's not about looking hot 24/7 or greeting him with a daily beej at the door.
Yes, this line of questioning always annoys me. Why do u have to choose? Of course hubby and u first, u r the foundation, but its whoever needs the love and attention at the time. And if the adults needs have to be thwarted, so be it! Its called being a grownup.
I always put my kids first.
My husband always puts himself first.
I always come last.
Husbands come and go. Children are forever.
Lola
All other things being equal, spouse first, child second. Of course things are rarely equal.
Kids are only with you for a short time. Unless you're raising dysfunctional leeches who can't get off the tit. Putting kids first sets them up for failure once they leave the nest. Some are quite surprised at work when they realize their little piss-ant whines don't effect anything. Just haven't seen much success with kids first. Entitlement, parasitic lifestyle is not pretty.
I usually put myself first.
This is why I don't have children. *L*
I always put the cat first.
If my husband were the sort of man who expected to be put before his own children, I wouldn't have married him. Selfish people make crappy parents.
I have a son about the same age as G's. We both put him first, he's an infant, he can't speak, he can't tell us whats wrong, we're his everything. Our foundation is strong enough to do so. You can put your baby first and still not neglect each. G and her husband went off for some alone time without the baby, while I can understand that works for some people, we'd rather spend any free time we have off work together as a family, a baby grows up so fast, its so fleeting, you need to cherish your moments.
I am child-free but I agree with her. Marriage, then kids-gotta keep the communication open and agree on how you are going to raise the child.
Equation said: "Kids are only with you for a short time. Unless you're raising dysfunctional leeches who can't get off the tit. Putting kids first sets them up for failure once they leave the nest".
jax"
Jessi said: "I think some people forget when they have children that you need to have that "special" time with your significant other as well and I don't mean 5 minutes of sex. Always putting the child before your significant other is just asking for trouble in my humble opinion".
Lotta said: ".
adsum said: ".
I say ALL OF THIS/\ /\ /\ /\ /\!
My wife and i discussed this lots before we even got married. We saw so many relationships (my own parent's for example) put all energy and focus on the kids. Guess what? Eighteen years later when the kids leave the nest - there is no more marriage left. It will disappear in that time if the kids are the main focus.
Doesn't make fr very happy adult children or family as a whole when your parents get divorced when you are in college "because there is nothing left".
My wife and I are the cake. Our child and any future children we may be blessed to have are bonus icing on our cake. Our job is to love them, prepare them for the world, and hopefully raise positive human beings. then let then go out into the world. We will then still have our cake - and can run our cake around the world traveling and taking cruises, and having a good ol' time!
We will send our well adjusted kids postcards from the road! ;-)
what J said. It's a baby. Baby first. You and husband are adults and can care for yourselves/delay gratification.
I agree with jax.
I'm seeing a lot of the same thing with my friends and my husband and I have already speculated who may or may not make it. It's sad, really.
ITA with Jolene and auntliddy.
IT's not mutually exclusive. It's like a seesaw, sometimes the kiddo is up and needs the attention, sometimes it's the relationship. As long as everyone is along for the ride it can work for everybody.
I see this as less about who is getting attention on a minute-by-minute basis (of course a baby has needs that must be met) and more about how you structure your family in general.
My relationship with my husband is the foundation our family is built on, and our family is only as strong as that foundation. We love our daughter to bits, but she is *one part* of our family, not the end-all-be-all of it. Hubby and I are full-fledged people with our own needs and wants, and while we obviously take great care of our daughter and see to all her needs, she doesn't get to completely subsume everything about us. Yes, that means some things get sacrificed for her (sleeping in, going out frequently) but it doesn't mean she gets to run *everything*
Happy, fulfilled parents with a great, loving relationship provide a rock solid foundation for a kid to grow on, and models what healthy, happy people in a good relationship looks like.
And I agree with what other posters have said - giving attention to a child to the exclusion of all else, including your own needs and happiness - does no favors for the kid. Children also need to learn delayed gratification (NOT talking about basic needs here, talking about wants) and to learn they are *part* of a group and the greater society, and what they can do to be good members, not just what everyone around them can do to make it all about them. Otherwise, it is one hell of a rude awakening when they go out into the real world.
It seems obvious (at least to me) but I frequently see couples who drop all interests and hobbies once they have kids and make every last single thing about the kid. THey don't go out as a couple, they don't carve out time for themselves, they don't even have adult conversations about things besides the kids, they let the kids run everything. It isn't turning out happily for anyone involved, kids or parents.
it's crap- she comes first, above anyone, she is a total narcissist.
There isn't one magic formula that works for every family. For me it has been, kids, then husband, but as the kids are getting a little older we are able to re-focus on our relationship. And once I started making more effort to get MY needs met, everyone has been happier.
@Xander, completely agree! Next weekend me and my hubby are going to Atlantic City overnight, does that mean we are neglecting our two kids? No! They will stay with their aunt who loves them and we will get time together to be a couple. We need to keep our connection strong not only for our sake but for the kids too. I want them to grow up in a happy, loving home and have an example of what a happy marriage is.
My husband & I couldn't have children, but from what I have observed people do need to put their relationship first. That doesn't mean children are neglected, just that children will grow up & leave & if the primary relationship isn't nurtured there are two miserable, disconnected people sharing a house instead of sharing a life. They then go out & take their misery out on the world.
In my first marriage I put my child first. That was an excuse to not deal with my husband. Honestly, when our dog died, I knew it was OK for me to leave. My son is fine, he's doing great. I am now remarried and I put my new husband 'first'. That came out wrong. I am making my marriage a priority. Partly because I love him to bits, but partly because I want my son to see what a healthy marriage looks like. WE are the parents, the partners, the ones to are together forever. The children are the children. They have a sitter and we go out. They go to bed and we stay up and watch TV and have popcorn. THEY do NOT call the shots in our family. We make decisions as a team and present ourselves as such. We take care of each other, and our kid, too. He sees how we treat each other, and it's all good. He's learning how to be a good husband, even at his young age. It's a beautiful thing, really.
@Jolene Jolene Thanks for putting up the whole quote it makes more sense now. But what I really think she meant was she puts herself first over the baby. It's great her husband helps out & takes care of feedings when she has the Oscars to go to, but she basically said she puts her needs, like getting sleep, over getting up with the baby every single night.
I don't think she meant that she'd save her husband over her kid in a house fire. She meant that when the parents are happy and have a healthy relationship, the kid will reap the rewards and be happy and healthy. The best thing you can do for your kid is provide them a happy home. Good for her.
Wasn't Bill Rancic an out gay man before he went on the apprentice?
@Unknown, in a weird way, that would be awesome!
"She says that she always puts her husband first and her baby second. "
Wished more women were like her.I can understand people's loyalty to their animals.A dog will run into a burning building to save its' master.A woman will let her husband die Friday,bury him Sunday and start dating Monday becoz after all she needs to move on with her life...with that insurance check.
Giuliana is just creating a sound byte. Let's face it, all of us who are parents and married/in a relationship know that you should do whatever works best that day. You can't go through your life following some "strategy." Sometimes your kids MUST come first. Sometimes your spouse MUST come first. And SOMETIMES you MUST put YOURSELF first. We all do the best we can and hope for the best.
My daughter first. She's 18. My new husband knew that her well-being and sports activities that involve weekend travel (college and national level) would be my priority and accepted that before our wedding.
Husband 1st. Kids2nd. If the bond you have with your spouse is not strong enough the pressure of kids will end your marriage. I know more people who had dated for years and were married for years before having a baby and by the time the kid turned 2 they were divorced. That first 2 years with your 1st born is hard.
Spouse first, children next. The children grow up and leave the nest. If you've not developed a life without them you've got nothing left when they're gone. Big plus is children see a couple devoted to each other and (hopefully) look for the same type of relationship one day.
My husband and I *both* put the little guy first. But we still find little ways to let each other know how much we like each other and even miss each other.
We were together for 7 years before we got married and married for 5 years before we decided to have a baby. I think we both realize that 18 years will go by in a flash and we'd better enjoy the time with our boy as much as we can. We'll still have the rest of our lives with each other.
What Jessi, Xander, Jax, and a lot of you said! Marriage first. Your kids grow up and leave to start their own families. Your spouse is with you forever (hopefully).
Stupid misogyny. Husbands are ADULTS. You should put your kids first. Jeebus.
I put my husband first because without him there would be no babies. My sons are not neglected in any way. We are teaching them how to have a good relationship with a partner.
I agree with Jax and others about what happens to marriages when kids come first---end of marriage.
I think a lot of people use their kids to ignore the problems in their marriages.
Married for 15 years and the kids came first when they were little. Husband is a grown up for god's sake. We discussed all of this well before we even got married. Now that they're older we have more time to do adult things w/o kids. Your children only want to be with you for such a short time. If you're with the right guy you'll agree on this and put kids first while they're young. If your husband is jealous of the time you spend with HIS children, he's an asshole.
Why can't my SO save his own ass in the burning house? I hate the idea that a woman has to choose one over the other when one is perfectly capable of getting his fat ass up out of a chair leaving the beer and game on the TV behind to save himself. And I would feel that way if my child was over a certain age and capable of doing the same thing. Babies take a lot of time and attention from everyone in the family especially in the first few months when everything is new and confusing. I would always choose sleep over a date night. This all may explain why I am a single parent.
Should men apply that logic to women as well? Any woman can pop a baby out for a man.Hell,some women give you kids you don't even want!!! I think society consider men expendable (women and children first,captain goes down with the ship).
Children first. The dynamic of a relationship changes when a tiny HUMAN BEING enters the picture. Things cannot be exactly the same, IMO. Time and energy MUST be split between all parties. The lions share of it goes to the little one who cannot fend for themselves. A healthy relationship will withstand the shift in emotion and energy. Mature adults will do what it takes to nurture the relationship AND the child simultaneously. Guilianas child is 5 months old. A bit selfish, IMO, to b speaking about the relationship in contrast to the needs of such a young baby.
:^(
Just my opinion though. But I am speaking as a woman of limited resources. She is not. Her reality is much different than mine.
God, Family, Career..husband/wife always should come first.
This question thoroughly annoys me. That is all.
It is a loaded question. Too broad. Too black or white. Something like this has to b broken up into mini scenarios in order for a REAL discussion to occur.
I have seen marriages die after the children became more self sufficient because the parents forgot to take time on their relationship while the kids were growing up. It varies from couple to couple obviously but remember what created those kids in the first place. Your love for one another. Life is a balance but couples (parents) need couple time away from children and there is nothing badly selfish about that.
We are childless by choice, the Opster and me.
What an incredibly weird thing for Giuliana Ranic, of all people, to say. She never shut up for, like, two years about how all she wanted in life was a baby. If you read any of her interviews from before her son was born it is a constant stream of "I want a baby, I want a baby, I want a baby, I WANT A BABY!!!" And now thats he actually has a baby, she says she puts her husband first. Huh? Maybe she is feeling let-down by motherhood.
A baby comes first, always, but that doesn't mean you can't go away for a weekend once in a while. She could've worded that better IMO, especially after all the shit she went through to get that kid. Maybe she's over compensating for some sort of neglect..hmm. OT, she has a flat head, seriously I noticed it today on Fashion Police(don't judge, I like watching people meaner than me) and her forehead is like, an inch high. Weird.
why can't both be first? and yourself second? a baby has needs that they can't take care of themselves, and a relationship needs to be healthy for life to be happy, but why do you need to choose?
Poorly worded my turn. Her actual statement, noted within the comments, was quite reasonable.
<|endofexample|>
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-37309174.post7236549413005053444..comments2013-02-03T14:13:47.484-08:00Comments on Crazy Days and Nights: Random Photos Part Twoent lawyer's have more than just the classic flats. I...Tom's have more than just the classic flats. I think their wedges are cute. The classics are super comfy. <br /><br />That is one of the best pics I've seen of Isabella. Love the cut, lavender hair or not. <br /><br />Lelaina Pierce saw an interview with Nicole a few days ago and ...I saw an interview with Nicole a few days ago and she was talking about her children--her little Urbans and her Cruise kids--and she didn't say much about Connor but she mentioned that Bella is living in London. car54't like Isabella's color, but the cut i...Don't like Isabella's color, but the cut is darling. Cute girl. Wish she'd tell the COS to eff off.Sunnyhorse language has been proven to be insignificant ...Body language has been proven to be insignificant statistically. <br /><br /. <br /><br /.mybrothehero a long bob x)@sarah a long bob x)nessa's a lob?What's a lob?Sarah looks bella!!! Where's Shelly? Where&...Bella looks bella!!! Where's Shelly? Where's Anna?Agent**It really hope that's just a fold in kelsey'...i really hope that's just a fold in kelsey's pants. eww<br /><br />jenlaw is smoooookin hot!nessa +1!! i love pastel hair color but they'r...@andy +1!! i love pastel hair color but they're so much work to keep fresh. i think i'm gonna take the plunge this summer and cut mine to a lob or bobnessa. Figgy. Not foggy. I hate typing on my phoneOops. Figgy. Not foggy. I hate typing on my phoneSunny See lotta colada's reply to foggy for the ...@NL<br />See lotta colada's reply to foggy for the link to the blind at 12:42 pm :)Sunny MY GOD.. The photo posts are littered with comm...OH MY GOD.. The photo posts are littered with comments abt being reveals for blinds. Which ones? Can anyone lend a hand and perhaps mention WHICH blind you're referring to? Even just a couple of words? NL cannot stand Isabella's hair color. Kelly Os...I cannot stand Isabella's hair color. Kelly Osborne has it too, it is so ugly! PuggleWug so damn late to this party...(and mucho marga...Okay so damn late to this party...(and mucho margaritas in me)<br /><br />ERMAGERD! CZJ reveal! <br /><br />hee hee hee heee!JoElla hope that Thumb blind isnt about CZJ. I like her...I hope that Thumb blind isnt about CZJ. I like her dragon Jude Law is the lead. @Lotta Jude Law is the lead.<br /><br />dragon comment has been removed by the author.dragon looks horrible with that haircut. Go back to...Kayte looks horrible with that haircut. Go back to being a ginger!Amy in MI looks good. The body language on that bo...Isabella looks good.<br /><br />The body language on that bottom pic is very telling. Further away from each other than he would like, not far enough as far as she's concerned. sylmarillion Lawrence has the most amazing body. Jennifer Lawrence has the most amazing body. Mooshki Cruise looks alot like Anne Hathaway with...Isabella Cruise looks alot like Anne Hathaway with that cut. I thought Anne had went badly blonde for a second...<br /><br />Isabella looks great. I don't think I have ever seen her look that good.lolaluvs2snack find that blind hard to believe as CZJ. I had th... javamomma CZJ started on television...But CZJ started on television...Susan hate Charlize's shoes, I don't get how a...I hate Charlize's shoes, I don't get how anyone can think those Tom's shoes are great? I think they are uglymaggs said bella was a late bloomer! Mostly, i like t...I said bella was a late bloomer! Mostly, i like that she feels happy enough to try something new. And yes sweetie, call your mom. Find your way bella !auntliddy
<|endofexample|>
Jury Duty & Smiling
- By Lora
- 8 January, 2013
- 5 Comments
The forecast for the marathon keeps changing and right now, there is a 40% chance of rain and a high of 50.
I love the temperature and hope it stays that way and the rain is OK too. I think as long as I’m prepared for it, it won’t be that bad… right?
Run in Boise had some good tips that I’ll definitely put to use, especially having dry clothes waiting at the finish line.
Yesterday was the oddest day ever because I woke up and my legs felt sore! It was really strange… my quads especially. Today was much better and I did a relaxing four-mile run and it was just what I needed.
I finished up with a 1:10 plank, which deserves extra credit because Jax was trying to cuddle with me the whole time. Right on the way towards that 10-minute plank goal for 2013!
I am going to have tomorrow be my rest day this week since I was called for jury duty. Is it weird that I’m kind of excited for the experience? I’ve never done jury duty before but rumor has it, you get an hour lunch break! I’m not sure if I’ll get selected since I’ll #fail when they ask where I get my news (Gawker, running blogs and People). It will be an interesting experience, that’s for sure.
And this quote will surely brighten up your day (I feel like I need to remember this more):
Tell me about your jury duty experiences! What’s your favorite inspirational quote?
Wow, so have you been called up for 2 weeks, or just as needed? I have never been called for jury duty. I think it would be interesting but not all companies are required to pay you if you miss work so the lack of a paycheck would worry me :/
I still haven’t been called for jury duty…watch, now it’ll happen!
Fingers crossed it doesn't!
Strangely, I would also love to be called for jury duty. Although I would make a horrible juror because I believe there are 37 sides to every story!
Ha I'm the same way… I always try to see the other side. I am also oddly excited for it. It should be an interesting experience.
<|endofexample|>
ACOSS is an artist lead initiation residency program based in Armenia.
Website:
Location: Yereavn, Armenia
Members: 4
Latest Activity: Jan 4, 2011
This group does not have any discussions yet.
Comment
© 2013 Created by Create Culture.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
You need to be a member of ACOSS artist in residence to add comments!
<|endofexample|>
Your privacy is very important to Creative Real Estate. This document outlines the types of personal information Creative Real Estate receives and collects when you use the website, as well as some of the steps taken to safeguard information. Hopefully this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with the website.
Creative Real Estate strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all operations. This includes protecting customers’, consumers’ and online visitors’ privacy.
Personal Information
Creative Real Estate collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, e-mail address, company name and telephone number.
This information is collected if you request information, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and sign up to join the e-mail list or request some other service or information. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of the website, notify visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in files. If material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information is made you will be informed a notice on the site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will NOT be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
Creative Real Estate.
Creative Real Estate.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, the website Creative Real Estate is sold, the information obtained from you through your voluntary participation in the site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through the website of that change in control and practices, and reasonable efforts will be made to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
This privacy policy is provided as a statement to you of Creative Real Estate’s commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through the website and would like that information deleted from the records or would like to update or correct that information, please use the Contact Creative Real Estate page.
Updates and Effective Date
Creative Real Estate reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in the privacy practices, it will be indicated on the site. You are encouraged to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information may be collected and how it may be used.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to Creative Real Estate’s Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
<|endofexample|>
CR Blog
BT Vision rebranded by ManvsMachine and Proud Creative
Posted by Gavin Lucas, 3 October 2011, 16:18 Permalink Comments (13)
Really like the new type used in the logo and the literature. The colourful powders look great too, I'm a sucker for hi-resolution television splashes.
2011-10-04 08:00:57
Nice, clean, brightly coloured fun
2011-10-04 08:48:11
Black on purple in the master logo? Really? The lack of contrast is appalling, you can barely make out the 'o' the the example in the top left corner.
And again in the vision planner above.
Pretty basic mistake I'd say.
2011-10-04 09:02:22
"We developed the ‘portal’ as a multi-functional logo icon derived from the theory and principles of light refraction,"
This actually makes perfect sense but still reads like preposterously obnoxious bullshit. Excellent motion work though, and really fantastic photography. I assumed the coloured liquid was brilliantly rendered fluid dynamics until I saw Jason Tozer's work for Canon!
2011-10-04 09:29:10
Yeah, I quite like it. Has an Aol, Universal Everything feel to it (the animations). I don't mind that.
It's just unfortunate that no matter how great this work is, it doesn't make up for the lack of quality in the product ie. it's terrible.
The powder is my favourite because it has a 'real' feel to it, where the others just seem too CG.
2011-10-04 09:49:33
I'm a big fan of Man vs Machine and Proud Creative and this work sets their usual high standards. The 3D studio look is obviously very popular at the moment but you can understand why; so clean and fresh. I think the atom building ident is my favourite because it's the most original. The ink and powder are beautifully done but I wonder if they could have come up with some more unusual treatments like the atoms.
I did the post for DunningPenneyJones when they designed the idents for BT Vision a few years ago; it was all animating lines of flat colour as we weren't allowed to use any gradients due to the compression they used to broadcast. Clearly this wasn't an issue this time around......?
2011-10-04 10:35:46
This does all look very slick here, but the CR blog (as lovely as it is) isn't where designs should shine at their best... we have BT Vision at home and the new branding looks terrible serving it's function on-screen! With the washed out grey and overly strong purple the menus look awful, it looks as if the entire system is about to fade-into nothingness, as if piped directly from a weak TV set in 1985 (when in fact it's on a one year old Sony Bravia). When it first switched over we thought our 1 year old son had been playing with the contrast buttons. I really like the ad, and it's great to pull new customers into your service with a rebrand, but if they sign up and start having to use menus that look as weak as they do, these customers may not stick around!
2011-10-04 12:03:02
V nice indeed.
2011-10-04 13:17:22
Is it a new Sony Bravia advert
2011-10-04 13:48:10
Totally agree with Ben, considering the user interface is the core touchpoint you would think they would give that the most consideration. I also have the system and at first I thought it was in 'safe mode', or something had gone wrong!
BT have a long way to go if they want transcend their clunky, public utilities brand perception - consumers are way beyond surface value.
2011-10-04 14:39:47
I can't read the new menus at all and thought it was a fault. I can barely read the text. It looks cheap and it is so unpleasurable to look at it makes me not want to use it at all.
2011-10-05 03:34:06
I'd wholeheartedly agree that this is slck, well executed and exudes a high degree of competence. (Although, like Barry I am also a little puzzled at the black on purple rendition shown.)
In terms of positioning I admit to being puzzled, it is not a break away from anything else in the space, which generally speaking is what we are looking for a re-brand to do?
If the intention was to make BT feel like a TV company - because the research told them consumers simply could not accept BT as such, this positioning makes perfect sense to me. Otherwise, I'm not entirely sure what the strategy is aiming for, and I guess we can't expect BT to share that with us here.
As always this is the difficulty in seeing and judging the work on visual terms and out of it's context.
2011-10-05 09:46:41
Yeah it looks very nice. Just reminds me a lot of the AOL stuff from a while back.
But nice work all the same!
2011-10-05 14:02:33
Subject:
<|endofexample|>
Shenandoah edges Panthers, 3-2
SHENANDOAH — In a closely-contested five-set match, Shenandoah outlasted Creston and moved ahead of the Panthers in the Hawkeye 10 race Thursday night.
The Fillies improved to 13-14 overall and 3-4 in the conference with a 12-25, 25-23, 27-25, 23-25, 15-13 victory. Creston slipped to eighth place in the league at 2-5, and 10-9 overall.
Shenandoah is lodged in a fifth-place tie at 3-4 with Clarinda and Glenwood after Thursday’s action. Clarinda, 14-9 overall with a recent five-set loss to co-leader Kuemper Catholic, is the next Panther opponent Tuesday at Creston.
Creston sailed easily in the first set Thursday, but the sophomore hitting duo of 5-11 Sydney Nielsen and 6-0 Serena Parker kept the pressure on, with Nielsen scoring nearly all of the final points in set five.
“They came to life,” Creston coach Polly Luther said. “They have two tremendous hitters they feed all the time. In the last game, we were up by three, we just couldn’t get it done. (Nielsen) was tremendous for them.”
Nielsen came into the match with 168 kills in 26 matches.
On the other side, senior Brianna Maitlen was a force at the net for Creston, finishing 39-of-47 on attacks with 19 kills. Also reaching double figures in kills were Natalie Mostek (13) and Sydney Dunphy (10). Amy Dunphy, manning the middle hitter position, was also effective at 18-22 with six kills and one assisted block. Jenna Taylor smacked seven kills.
Setter Hanna Luther was busy with 50 assists for the night. Mostek and Maitlen combined for 15 digs.
Several Panthers had good serving nights. Mostek was 20-22 with four aces, Amy Dunphy 16-18 with three aces, Haylee LaMasters perfect at 20-20 and Sam McDonald 14-15 with an ace. Maitlen finished 15-16.
“Overall, we played pretty well,” Luther said. “We earned every point we got. Maitlen had a tremendous hitting night for us. Our blockers slowed a lot of balls down for us to put back up.”
LaMasters and McDonald handled tough balls in the back row and provided playable passes, Luther noted.
“I was very proud of the way the girls came out and played tonight,” she said. “We just have to be confident enough in ourselves to know that we can finish.”
Creston statistics
Serving (aces) — Natalie Mostek 20-22 (4), Amy Dunphy 16-18 (3), Haylee LaMasters 20-20, Brianna Maitlen 15-16, Sam McDonald 14-15 (1), Hanna Luther 11-13 (1).
Attacks (kills) — Maitlen 39-47 (19), Mostek 33-47 (13), Sydney Dunphy 26-30 (10), Amy Dunphy 18-22 (6), Jenna Taylor 20-22 (7), Sydney Rogers 2-2 (1), Luther 4-5 (2).
Blocks (solo-assists) — Maitlen 0-1, A. Dunphy 0-1, Taylor 0-1.
Setting (assists) — Luther 50, Maitlen 2, McDonald 1.
Digs — Mostek 8, Maitlen 7, LaMasters 5, McDonald 5, Rogers 2, Luther 2.
Junior varsity
Creston’s JV swept four sets over the Shenandoah JV, 24-18, 25-18, 25-19, 16-14.
A balanced net attack featured Marie Hood with nine kills and Nicole Haley and Taylor Hudson with eight each for Creston, now 7-5.
“Our court awareness in the front row has improved a lot and that really showed tonight,” said Creston coach Mallory Peterson. “I was glad to see improvement on things we have been focusing on in practice.”
Brenna Baker distributed most of those kills, finishing with 31 setting assists while also serving 11-13 with an ace and collecting a team-high six digs.
Olivia Nielsen had two solo blocks. Jana Johnson and Ashley Harris each had two total kills, with Harris also smacking three kills. Audrey Fyock and Mackenzie Andreasen had five and three digs, respectively.
Freshmen
Creston freshmen swept Shenandoah, 25-18, 25-14, 25-12.
“We got off to a quick start in game one and played real well in the first two-thirds of that game,” coach Mike McCabe said. “We got strong front row play from Sydney Dunphy, Jenna Taylor and Alyssa Higgins. We go to a very strong Red Oak tournament on Saturday in a pool with Harlan, Kuemper and Glenwood.”
Creston, now 15-4-1, served well as a team with 30 aces in three sets. Jami Sickels was 17-17 with eight aces, Josie Sickels was 15-16 with seven aces, Gracie Russell was 15-17 with seven aces and Alli Thomsen served 9-11 with two aces.
<|endofexample|>
CRESTVIEW – Karen Phillips, owner of Proforma So. Tier Ink, was named to Counselor magazine’s 2012 “Hot List.” Counselor magazine is a print and promotional product industry publication that annually awards the “Hot List” recognition to the industry’s top movers and shakers.
Counselor's staff considers myriad accomplishments, as well as attitude, innovation, personality and passion for the industry. Phillips earned this honor by sending personalized greeting cards to her customers and prospects to increase her sales by 40 percent this year.
Her industry experience and enthusiasm for growing her business earned her the title of “Marketing Maverick” on the list.
Phillips joined Proforma in 2011.
She has been recognized in the past for her work with several awards including a Specialty Advertising Association of Greater New York Diamond Award, Vernon Galaxy Awards and Small Business – Women in Business Award.
<|endofexample|>
Frequently Asked Questions:
How can I enter to win your weekly giveaways?
Please subscribe or follow the blog. Then, leave a comment under any of the posts for the week. You can leave a comment daily for even more chances.
How do I subscribe?
How do I leave a comment on your blog?
Scroll to the bottom of the comments to find wording that says "Post A Comment". Click on that and the comment form should come up. Or, at the bottom of the post, before the comments, you can click on the number of comments (69 comments) as shown in the picture below. That will also bring up the comment form.
How can I contact you?
Send an email to cricutchristmas@gmail.com.
What is Ustream?
Ustream is an online TV broadcasting system. You can view us on Ustream on our channel HERE. To participate in the chat, you must sign up on Ustream. To find out how to do that, click HERE for Ustream's instructions.
How much does it cost to advertise on your blog?
Advertising space is available and we are happy to discuss the rates with businesses that are wanting to be a part of Everyday Cricut. Because each company's needs/wants are different, the price is determined by the amount of space and extent of the advertising. For information on advertising and to inquire about rates, please email us at cricutchristmas@gmail.com and add the word Advertising in the subject line as well as your company name and we will be in touch with you shortly.
I want to sponsor a giveaway on your blog. How do I contact you?
If you or your company is interested in sponsoring a give away on Everyday Cricut, please send an email tocricutchristmas@gmail.com and add Sponsorship in the subject line. Please provide contact information so we can get back with you once the request is reviewed.
Why do you get the Cricut cartridges before they are released?
We have been working closely with Provo Craft for sometime and have an agreement that we will support the Hello Thursday release efforts by showcasing cuts and projects from the new Cartridges. Our readers find it very helpful to see completed projects before making decisions on cartridge purchases.
Do you work for Provo Craft?
We are not employed by Provo Craft.
How do I get free stuff to giveaway on my blog?
The old saying that nothing is free is very true. Our sponsors provide materials for us to showcase but it is a ton of work and a very large time commitment to continually provide new projects that highlight the specific collections. Also, not everything given away is given to us by a sponsor - we provide some giveaways ourselves.
I would love to get on the list of free products from various companies. How do I get on that list?
Well, in all honesty, there is no such list. Many companies will do test groups or focus groups. These companies pay attention to online communities and message boards as well. We do not know how these individuals are chosen.
How can I go to the CHA (Craft and Hobby Association) Convention?
There are two parts to CHA - the trade show for industry professionals and the Consumer Super Show that is open to the public. You can check out all the details by clicking HERE.
How do you pick which paper companies you want to show on the blog?
It's a very technical approach. We work with the best of the best! We want to show you products from the leaders in the paper crafting industry, as well as highlight some of the smaller companies that you may not have seen before. Quality, freshness, as well as the themes companies offer are also very important.
Can you put my blinkie on your blog?
Because Everyday Cricut is a sponsored blog, we reserve as much space as possible for our sponsors. We add blinkies of guest designers and contributors on occasion but for for the most part all the blinkies are for our sponsors or our personal blogs were you can get any more inspiration, tips, techniques, and most importantly exposure to some amazing product and companies!
Can I put your blinkie on my blog?
Yes you can! It's simple and we greatly appreciate the support.
How do I put your blinkie on my blog?
To add our blinkie to your blog--simply copy the html code provided on the right sidebar (under our blinkie) and paste it into your blog (blogger folks do this by adding a gadget). It's pretty simple and we greatly appreciate the support. It puts a smile on our face every time we see our blinkie living on one of your blogs!
How are your winners chosen?
To ensure that out giveaways are fair and everyone has the same opportunity to win, we use random number generator (random.org) to assist us in choosing the winners.
How are your guest designers chosen?
We are very fortunate to be part of such a talented group of paper crafters. In choosing our guest designers, our goal is to have individuals who offer unique perspectives and approaches to paper crafting. We also really love it when they happen to big Cricut fans.
Where do I find the winner's list?
The winners for each week are posted on Sunday for the previous week. Also, on the left hand side is a banner that says "Winners". Click on that to see the list of winners.
Where did you get your ATG adhesive guns from?
We have purchased our ATG guns and tape from various on line retailers. One of the most popular resources is framingsupplies.com.
Is Tammy not a part of the blog anymore?
Tammy is no longer working with us here at Everyday Cricut. She was presented with an wonderful opportunity to develop a project for the Gypsy so left to pursue that opportunity. We wish her the best of luck! She continues to share on her personal blog.
Subscribe to Everyday Cricut to learn more about ways to use the Cricut in your cardmaking and scrapbooking!
570 comments:«Oldest ‹Older 1 – 200 of 570 Newer› Newest»
OMG!!! LOVE the REtro Veggie Paper! I am in a soup swap and that would be so darling. I love all the cut out veggies too!! YUMMMMMMMY!!!
Thanks so much! I love to see your creations! The paper is wonderful. I'd love your mom's soup recipe! Thanks again! ~Libby C
I love your site. You are so creative. i have a question. I saw this site at JTPC.info about Make the cut! What do you know about that? It said that you dont need to buy cartridges. That would save some money. Just looking for some advice.
Thanks,
Sarah
I would have sooooo much fun with this! I'm crossing my fingers!
Thanks,
patty.wilson@jefferson.kyschools.us
I would so love that Cricut Cake machine! I can think of so many ways to use it. Thank you for the daily cricut ideas. I save them and plan to use many of them. You are so creative! Thanks for sharing with us.
eljay
I'm really hoping I win the Cricut Cake Machine! I can't really afford to buy it at this time, and it would help me so much! I love to make fabulous cakes for my daughter and her friends, as well as extra-special treats for her class at school! I'd also like to begin my own cake making business since I'm a single mom, and it would be a great way to earn money while at home with my daughter - and she could even help! Can't wait to try out this fabulous machine!!!
I would love to have the Cricut cake machine. I saw it at the CHA show in Anaheim, CA. It was fun to decorate the cupcakes from the fondant cut outs.
Thanks for showing what the cake carts can do with paper!
keririri@gmail.com
I saw your statement...great giveaway guys....well, I'm a guy, a grampa, and a crafer. I would love to wim you cricut cake machine and cartridge. Grampa's craft too, and what a great way to surprise the grandchildren,...and other family members too. Got my fingers crossed...here's hoping.
I love your blog. I keep everyone of them in a file on my computer as you always have such cute ideas and the video's you put on there are a wonderful help. You help put the fun in my crafting.
This is exciting! I just found your website and it is very inspiring. The Cricut Cake machine can turn the boring cake into a masterpiece. Thanks for making it FUN!
OH MY my husband is going to just die! You guys have taken my two most favorite things in the whole world and combined them!!! I really would love to win the cake machine Im a Stay At Home Mom and a Army wife tring to not go crazy at home while hes away! Gosh Om so excited!! Have a blessed weekend all!
Michelle
Michelle.Cadd@yahoo.com
WOW!! What an awesome give away and what fun one can have with the winnings. Thank you for the opportunity!
I just got my first cricut, and I am loving it. I really like all the great ideas.
I currently own a regular personal Cricut and an Expression. I love them both. It would be awesome to win the new Cricut Cake Machine ! I love the cartridges that have been designed to go with it too. They would be great for cakes and for paper on cards and in scrapbooks too. Every time I think I'm getting close to having all of the Cricut stuff I want or "need" more new things are introduced and I "have to have" them too. I love my Cricuts !
It would be awesome to win the Cricut Cake Machine ! I have a "baby bug" and an Expression and love them both. The Cake Machine is a great idea, and the cartridges designed for use with it are pretty impressive. They'd work great with paper for cards and scrapbook pages too.
Are you kidding? As a foodie, I can have my "cake" without the calories!
I just came across your site what geat projects! I love the car card and so many of the Chirstmas projects. I teach preschool and would love to be able to decorate cakes and cupcakes for all our parties.
I would love to win a cricut cake machine. It looks like it would be so fun to use.
This would be another opprotunity to do crafting and make cakes at the same time with my grand daughter. AndreaGen
Can't wait till Wed. I'll be up at midnight to order my machine. I have to work the next day but won't be able to sleep. Doing an hourly count down now. Every one at work just laugh's at me.
thanks for all your time and creations. Laura
What an opportunity to be able to win the Cricut Cake Machine. It looks great and my granddaughters would love my attempts!
I don't need a cricut cake. I want one and thats more important. Its stress free that way. Joy your stuff is so entertaining. Thank you for making me smile everyday!
I would love the Cricut Cake to make cakes for my grand-children and other people I love!
Thanks for the opportunity to win! I love to see your projects and would really love to have the cricut cake to make cakes for my friends and family.
gortiz02@elp.rr.com
Please count me in! I would love to win the Cricut Cake machine.
I would love to win anything but winning the cricut cake would be amazing. Would have to take up cake decorating. My mother was a cake decorator. Wish they would have had this then.
Just joined Everyday Cricut - am excited and would LOVE to win the Cricut Cake machine. Looking forward to many new ideas:)
I hadn't heard about the Cricut Cake machine until I visited your website. I must have been under a rock. I'd love to take up a new hobby... cake decorating.
My name is Debbie and I am addicted to Cricut! I have Cricut, Expression, Design Center, Gypsy and anything with the little Cricut on the box! I would love love to own the Cake Cricut becasue I can do anything with a Cricut and I could have so much fun with by Grandkids making cakes, cupcakes and fun stuff. I have learned so much from your website and love all the great tips I get on your videos. Keep it up...we love you!
Thanks for sharing your creativity and for the wonderful giveaways!
OMG! I have to have the Cricut Cake, PLEASE!!!! I am a cake decorator and originally had intentions for my expression for using it to cut cake designs. Instead I got hooked on scrapbbooking and card making. Now I can't use it for cake decorating because it's not food safe. I can't justify buying another Cricut since mine is only a few months old. I really want the Cricut Cake. It will make a big difference in my life. :-)
Why should I win well I am just getting into the cake decorating business and this machine will give me the edge needed to help my business get off the ground. I love what can be done with this machine.
Ann
rere188@bellsouth.net
I'm a grandmother, who works with my granddaughter, (while Mom works)trying to teach her useful things to make life exciting. Crafting, sewing, baking, and all kinds of Girl Scout work (she is a Juliette, a scout working independly)..She has done school project on my cricut, and a cricut cake would be a great chance to learn more and make donations with her scout work. Love this site.
Would like to win because I am an avid cardmaker and scrapbooker.
Thanks for the chance to win !!!
Love your site too !!
I am semi-retired and love to craft for church,home, and different centers. Winning a cake cricut who be unbelieveable!
I love cakes, circut and scrappin. What could be better. MIMI
I would love to win this even tho i already have the expression (i LOVE it). The new cake carts are so cool. I probably have to decide on just one instead of all of them! Thanks for the opportunity! SM
THANK YOU sooo much for this website!! I am new to it and think it is the greatest website for Cricut ideas!
i would love to have a cartage as i just ordered the cricut cake and i have been making cakes for years
Since I'm the designated office baker the Cricut Cake would give me so many more options as far as decorating. With a full time job and family this would be an AWESOME way for me to save on time, while still being able to produce wonderfully decorated cakes.
love the possibilities with the cake machine
love the opportunity to win. Maybe some day it will be my time. Who knows could be this time. You are a great site.
I just borrowed my friends Old West cartridge and loved it more then I thought I would. The letters are so much fun. I hope I win my own. Also thank you for the the sample pages you send they are inspiring
I Love the site and all the helpful tips. I love anything Cricut. I am crossing my fingers.
I just viewed your guest contribution on Hallmark Ladybugs and I love the card you made. I will be making that for sure. Of course I then went to your website and I love it. So many wonderful card samples. Thank you so much, Renee P
Thank you for sharing your great ideas in your blog. You give me inspiration to complete my own projects.
I would love any of these cartridges. I love using my cricut to make my pages more complete
LOVING IT ALL...
I just learned about Everyday Cricut from Scrapguys blog. What a find.
Thanks Scrapguy....
I just love the AK cart, it is perfect for so many occasions.
Thanks for all the great ideas
Judy Staie
Your giveaways are awesome! Looking forward to this week!
I am excited to follow each day.
New to your site and LOVE IT! Great Job.
marimarr Been following your site for several weeks and love it. Thanks for getting me back to using my Cricut as it has been in the closet collecting dust! Had forgot how much fun it is! Would love to receive your give away!
Love, Love, Love this site. Have had my Cricut for a little over a year and have always been so intimidated by it, but this site has really helped with a lot of my questions...love the stuff you create! Would love to win anything from Everyday Cricut becuase you always have the best! I loved the Jillibean Soup card using the lemon paper. Have tried to find it, but can't can you tell me where I can get it? Also, any tutorials on card and envelope making. I can do the cards OK, but when it comes to making the envelope, the cards never fit....I must be missing something! Thanks for always being so on top of your game....fantastic site!
Thank you for all your great ideas!
I look forward to my daily emails from you. I especially liked Scraapguys video yesterday.
I enjoy getting your daily emails and looking at all the wonderful ideas. May 1 is my birthday and I love to scrapbook, so I hope I'm a winner :-)
Thanks for all the great ideas!
This is a fun site I am glad I found it.
I always enjoy your daily emails. Thanks for sharing your designs and ideas. Hugs Carolyn
I look forward to seeing your project everyday and it is never a let down! Thanks for sharing your talents with us!
You have such wonderful ideas!
So many great ideas, so little time! Work is really getting in the way of my creative pursuits!!
I love you blog & enjoy reading it each day. It is full of useful information. The free give -a-ways aren't bad either. Good luck to everyone
This is such a great site especially for the Cricut.
Here's to winning!!!
I love your ideas!!
Hope I win! I love following your blog. Love your ideas!
I wish I could win something!!!
I love getting the e-mails & card ideas every day!! Jean Heming
I just love everything about this site.I can't wait to check my email to see what I have from Cricut. Always new designs with such lovely use of wonderful paper and new cartridges. Luv it luv it.
Thank you so much for your Everyday Cricut, I look so forward to the new and beautiful cards. Very excited that Anna Griffith is the sponsor for this week, she is my favorite. Julie
These are fantastic thanks for sharing
bzimbrich5371@charter.net
Just a note to say thanks for the nice things you all do to making scrapping fun. Not every day you find give aways. Even though I have not won (would like to)you all are awesome.
Love, love, love the Cricut! Have you guys ever thougt about making a MAGAZINE for the Cricut? I think it would be great to have so many designs in one place!!! Thanks for all you do!!!
Love, love, love the Cricut! Have you guys ever thougt about making a MAGAZINE for the Cricut? I think it would be great to have so many designs in one place!!! Thanks for all you do!!!
I can't say enough about this great card. I love pink and green! I love Heidi's papers! I love the cartridge you used with the card. I don't have one but maybe someday I will. Thanks again for the great card design!
love the card, and miss my mom she would have loved it too! pink was her favorite color. Keep up the great cards.
Love your creations--love your blog-- love to scrap--love, love, love life!
The Mother's Day card made with Cricut Cake was really pretty. I loved the flower and the color combination you used. I love seeing your ideas!
Love your prizes! How fun! Hope I win. I have lots of plans and ideas...Eljay
Hi - I received a Cricut as a gift last month. And I love getting the tips & project ideas from you guys. It's really been a big help in learning the ropes. Keep it up!
kristinelogan@yahoo.com
Pretty, pretty card. I love all your creations!
Thank you for all these great ideas! I bought my Cricut Expression last year and I have been building up my collection of carts! I love it all!!!
Thanks. Look forward to viewing your creations evry day.
Such a great card!I love all of your creations.
Receiving your emails and seeing the cards and layouts are such a pick-me-up to my day!
Thanks,
Charlotte
What a great source for wonderful ideas! Thanks so much!!
Thanks for the "manly" card. They can really be a mental block sometimes. Love your card.
Everyday I look forward to your email with the card of the day. Always an inspiration!
Oh my goodness! So many great new ideas for cards! I love your website and definitely will be "borrowing" many of your card ideas! :)
What a beautiful layout! I love how you used the 'leftovers' to finish off the layout.
Very original and pretty, it really gives me inspiration!!
I love the filigree on this card. What a neat cartridge! You all have such talent.
I LOVE the paper/colors you used in the layout and the embellishments are awesome!
Wow, I love thursday's scrapbook pages. I really like the colors and I like how you are using leftover pieces to avoid waste. Great ideas.
Friday's card was very unique! I look forward each day to my Everyday Cricut email to see what is new. Thanks!
Love to see new creations to follow
What a brautiful Mother's Day card!
I am amazed at the beautiful images on the Cake Carts. I was thinking it would be strictly to use for cakes only. I am so hooked on the Cricut and I love the daily ideas.
I absolutely love your site and can't wait to see it everyday...I get lots of fantastic ideas from you,,,,keep up the good work.
p.s. I would love to win my choice of a cricut cartridge. Thanks again.
I love my Cricut and your website. You have so many great ideas. Thanks for doing such a great job. Susie
Creative, talented, inspirationial,fun. Thank you
Creative, talented, inspirationial and fun. Thank you
What cute graduation things! I'll have to share with my niece. Thanks!
I love your cards; they are so beautiful! ♥
Wow - a chance to win an Expression. I love the layouts that you show!
I think the thing I love most about your site is all the videos -they are so informative. I learn something new constantly.
heathermeech@telus.net
Old crafter says I would love to win a Cricut machine of any kind. I watch them on TV and in all the blogs I find. They are just so nice for us older people with arthritis. Keep up the good work.
Love the card and the colors used!
Carm
I love everything about this site. The layouts, the cards, the tips, the way you use different cartridges, & all of the creative ideas. Thanks so much!
carlascraftycreations--Okla.
Good Morning,
I am a teacher and have a self-contain classroom. Our students love making simple cards. We would like to make kits and sell during lunch time to fund our cooking and crafts. I truly hope I win as it takes alot of time to kit cards up for 8 students on a 6 by 12. Also with us selling card kits at lunch, it will take a dedication of time to finish. Please share any ideas for simple card that would be fun and that would bring great joy to our students to say, "I made this"
Thanks for such a cool site too
V. Bland
Nevada
OMG! Just discovered you site today.
LOVE IT! I will def. be here to get creative ideas. Yay!
My daughter recommended this site and so far, it's great. I love the tutorials with the option to watch the video too. Thanks
My daughter recommended this site and so far, it's great. I love the tutorials with the option to watch the video too. Thanks
Holy Kazam! I just found your blog and what an amazing giveaway! I love your videos on YouTube, I've been checking them out quite a bit lately! So now I'm a blog follower too! Yippee!!
I can't believe I just now gfound this site! I am so excited, I will have to pass it on to my husband who spoils me and buys my cricut stuff before I ask for it. Im going to check out the whole site now. If I win the expression I will bring it to work, so the ladies who hands don't work anymore and continue to create. I work at a nursing home. Thanks for this opportunity!
Love your beautiful creations, keep up the good work!
4franckes@comcast.net
Would love to win one of the prizes. Have never won anything and this would be fantastic. Love your blog. Look forward to reading them always.
All Dolled Up, with everywhere to go!! Cutest ever. Love the video how to. Thanks for sharing.
Dawn
Great blog..Great creations..
I love the "all dolled up" card. I is a really cute card for any little girl. Thanks for the idea.
Can't wait to start getting emails from this blog! So many wonderful new ideas and creations!
Hi Monday how is everyone? just trying to win again
I'm really into your web-site I have learned so much and added so many skills to my stamping.
It's great to learn the many different ways of using my cricut. I'm still using my old Personal Electronic circut and would love to win and upgrade to being able to cut 12X12 paper instead of 6X12. Keep up the great work! Mary Marimarr@charter.net
Thanks so much. Lovely to see your creations. Your voice sounds like you really enjoy what you do. I will cross my fingers for winnings.
Thanks
Marcie
Hello, I'm am brand spanking new at this blogging and scrapping and such. I have had a cricket for a year and never used it. I used it a couple of weeks ago and I'm sooooo hooked on it. I like both your video and project section and the detail in which you have published them. Very informative. I'm just so excited to find sites like yours. Thanks so much. Fran
Thanks for all the great ideas!
Thanks for the chance to win a candy!!!
From Ushuaia, "the end of the world", Argentina...
Hugs,
ma.Irene
Love your blog. I especially like the video portion. I learn with visual aids. Thank you for sharing all your craftiness with the rest of us.
I just joined and am LOVING all the great tips and ideas. Hope I will be able to use some of them in the very near future!
Love the new Paperdoll designs! So cute! Perfect for all of us with little girls! You all are doing an amazing job! Thanks for all you do! Would love to win!
Another Great Give away, one day I will win, sure hope it's before
I get to old to use it. HaHa
Love you work
deeolson@tds.net
that's deeolson at tds dot net
Hope to win
I do visit every day and love this site. Love,love your cards. They get my creative side going and make me want to do more. I would also love to have an Expression machine. Wow what we could do with that. But just keep the stuff coming as we love it.
I would love to win one of your prizes. I have alot of scrapping ahead of me and need all the help I can get:-) Love these blogs and all the help they give!!
Will tell me my customers about this site. So many new Cricut users want a class to learn more. Would love a chance to win an Expressions machine as well.
Wow! I am new to Cricut and wouldn't be able to do anything without your sites! Thank you so much for the inspiration!! I can't wait to get started!!!! I do have a question. I already have a few cartridges and am having trouble finding all that's available on them. What's the best way to organize what's on the cartridges? I have a new (first, can you tell?!) granddaughter and am anxious to spoil her rotten with scrapbooks, cards, and hopefully, eventually, cakes! How do I keep my sanity with so many choices on each cartridge?! Thanks so much for your guidance!!!!
love giveaways never win but still love them non the less.Great site.
Great blog. I can't pick what is the best. From tips to ideas to just getting inspired. It's all the best
I just discovered your blog and I can't wait to see all the things you do with the Cricut. I bought the Cricut Expressions a couple of months ago and have been happy with it. However, I'd love to get more ideas using some of my cartridges. Thanks.
My GRANDdaughter (age 7) and I have so much fun together on the Cricut! It really helps bring out her creativity!!! We would love to win! Thanks for all your great ideas!
I just ordered the Cricut Create however I wanted to make cards and now that I look at the info more I am wondering if it will allow me to make cards since the paper size it uses is smaller? Anyone have one and using it to make cards?
Cute Layout! I love the Pooh and Friends cartridge. Thanks for the ideas.
Love this blog, just bought my cricut and love, love, love it.
I'm so excited to see your website. I know I am going to enjoy it so much. Thanks for the opportunity to enter and win!
Annette
Terrific gifts! Inspiring videos. Thanks for the opportunity!
I am a Preschool Teacher and we are nearing the end of the school year. I have used my Cricut for lots of theme projects! I have done the Alphabet across one wall in my Room thanks to my Cricut! Thank you for all of the inspiration, your site is Awesome!
Appreciate all your ideas. Keep them coming. Grandma Judy Ellen
Wow. I am a new Cricut user and I love all your ideas. Thank you for all the time you spend to help all of us with projects and ideas.
Huggy Bug
I just love everything about this site...I would like to win anything concerning scrapping.Thanks so much for sharing your talent with us...
I am a new cricut owner. I love all the new cartridges and would love to have them, especially Cindy Loo.
I love your site, it's a great place to get inspired. Love what you did with the Toy Story and Cindy Lou layout.
Great Blog! I will be visiting often.
Phyllis
Love you site. Great place to get ideas and inspiration. And it doesn' hurt that you give away wonderful "goodies" The mini monster looks darling.
The layout of your husband is wonderful Joy!
Great job on the guy layout...that is sometimes a challenge!
This is my first week with "Everyday Cricut". I've been inspired. Thanks for all the great ideas.
Margo
You're doing great. Keep up the good work!
Love your site...no really :)
Just bought my cricut and would love to win! I need to get my create juices going..
Thanks Much~Michelle
Just joined - looking forward to seeing more of your amazing layouts! Can't wait to see more from the Toy Story cartridge!! Happy Scrappin!! Teri
I love your blog. It would be great to win the some cartridges so I can start my craft corner
I am completely new to cricut.I just found this site - thanks - I cannot wait to get learning how to use my cricut expression. I had sizzix with lots of dies, that I just sent with my missionary friend to South Africa. It will be perfect for her there as she doesn't always have access to electric and so on. She was thrilled. It was my 30th wedding anniversary when I did this, and I found a great deal on the expression and my hubby said, "Happy Anniversary." So, of course I ordered it right away. It arrived today - so I am looking for great resources and found your site. I'll need to find good deals on cartridges , software and how to's and more! Suggestions for a cricut beginner?
Jeanne
Would be awesome to win and be able to add these to my scrapbooking collection....Your creations are beautiful and inspiring!!! Thanks!
reanie@valornet.com
This is my first time visiting tis site. I LOVE it. Can't wait to see what's on here tomorrow.
Man, would I just love creating with either of these! Thanks for the opportunity of winning! Dian
cute card, tfs.
ria
I want to win one cartridge, on june 15th is my birthday, could be the perfect present for me.
i love this blog i visit daily
Melanie, you have a great projects
I love getting new ideas from such creative people!! Thanks for all your creations!
I love getting new ideas from such creative people!! Thanks for all your creations!
So excited. Love your cards. Crossing my fingers and toes!!!
Would love to win Nuesery Rhymes or Give a Hoot!
Very excited about finding this site. Love the cards and am always interested in cards and scrapbook layouts. Would love to win the Give a Hoot and Nursery Rhymes!
A chance to win Give a Hoot or Nursery Rhymes would be great!!
Love this site!! I've done a lot of scrapbooking and now have the Cricut expressions. Have a lot to learn. Wish there were classes for the expression!!!! It's great getting ideas from this site, keep them coming!! So much Fun!!!!!
Thanks, LindaH
Hi there. back in the cutting mode again.. would be so nice to win something.. Love your projects... You gals ROCK..
Well I have just joined your mailing list and so excited to be able to learn to use my circuit for so many things!! Thank you
Diana
I am just learning and am looking forward to lots of ideas for using my Cricut.
I love the bear card. I hope the New Cricut Lite cartridges come to Canada at a reasonalbe price.
I look so forward to your everyday emails! They are GREAT!!!!!
Cool cards! Great job.
The It's OWL right card is charming! I just found out about this vlog and i will be telling all my friends tomorrow when we get together for play group. Thanks for you hard work and great ideas. Aleece
This is a great site. Thanks!
I have just discovered your videos on youtube and find them very helpful. I really have no idea what a blog is or how it works so you will have to forgive me. All of this technology is confusing (definitely not English!):) You do an amazing job of detailed explanation and I would like to thank you for the tips on where to find the products you are using!
Just found your site. Really creative stuff!!
I'm fairly new and this site is great! Your ideas are awesome.
Thank you Everyday Cricut. I now receive your emails and have gotten some great ideas. I am new to the cricut world, as I only received me. I have only the two cartridges that came with the machine and one other, Paper Pups, but am excited about all the opportunities.
Also your ideas on the website are inspirational and remind me to be creative.
I would also love to submit for the free cartridge - Just for cards. I would love to increase my cartridges to four and expand my horizons.
Thank you again.
Yvette
I absolutely love this page. My kids are now grown and I'm just catching up on photos at all ages. I have tons of beach photos so this is perfect!
Today is my 33rd anniversary to the most wonderful man who lets me be creative! Would love to win!!! Love all the cards and creative ideas you post.
A friend just let me know about your site, this is awesome! This really inspires me to ue my cricut more.
The "Mini Cards" are a great idea for quick gift cards or hostess gifts, etc. I would love to win the Cricut Cake carts to help increase my cuts for cardmaking.
Love all that you create with the various carts. Keep up the good work. Thanks.
just came back, been away from your site for awhile, love Marthas stuff the card is really nice do i have to have a google acct. to enter ?? would love to win
Love the card, I love the simplicity but elegance of the butterfly. I am just beginning to make cards and the site gives me so much encouragement and ideas!
Love Everyday Cricut. Look forward to each day's postings. Gives me lots of ideas and encourages me to experiment. I scrap lift a lot of the ideas! Talented artists.
This is awesome!! Thanks, Michelle Smith
I would love to win this for my mother's birthday!! Your website and ideas are always so AWESOME!
I would love the cricut cake machine! looks like so much fun!! Fingers crossed!!
<|endofexample|>
Drug trafficking
The sale and trafficking of illegal drugs can quickly ruin a neighbourhood. It typically results in:
- lowered property values
- more criminal activity, such as break-and-enters and theft from vehicles
- associated problems such as street-level sex trade
The Ottawa Police Service Drug Unit and the Ottawa Police Service Crime Unit are very active in investigating and prosecuting drug traffickers in the City of Ottawa. You can help them in their efforts by being vigilant in your neighbourhood.
- Signs that drugs are being sold in a public place, like a street corner or park, include:
- Cars driving slowly and repeatedly in an area
- Money or small packages being exchanged
- Drug paraphernalia at or near the location, such as very small zip-lock plastic baggies, small bundled or twisted pieces of cellophane, small pieces of balloon, hypodermic needles, and needle caps or small glass vials or pipes
- Increased levels of sex trade in the neighbourhood
- Suspicious behaviour of individuals you might not know hanging around street corners or open pay phones
- High levels of theft in the surrounding area
Always use common sense in situations where illegal activity is taking place. Remember: never put yourself in danger. In some cases, if issues are ongoing in your neighbourhood, you can talk to other concerned neighbours and work with them to come up with options to address the problems. Don’t be afraid, however, to call to police when you’re not comfortable with a situation in your neighbourhood. The police are your partners in community safety.
If you suspect that drugs are being trafficked in your neighbourhood, you should report it to the police. Call 613-236-1222, ext. 7300. You can also report anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 613-233-TIPS (8477) or 1-800-222-8477
<|endofexample|>
Prevalence of Individuals in Middle Stage Dementia
Studies indicate that currently most individuals with Alzheimer's and related dementias are functioning in the early stage. However, in our experience we have found the greatest number of long-term care residents to be functioning in the early stage and as many, or more to be functioning in the middle stage. The number of early and middle stage residents combined can easily exceed 60% of the long-term care facility population.
While many individuals in middle stage live in a long-term care community, many also remain at home with caregiver support. However, the middle stage is the stage in which many family caregivers do make the decision to place their loved one in a facility because
A Review of Middle Stage Dementia
Our team describes middle stage dementia as a person who is functioning in Allen Cognitive Level 3 or Adapted FAST stage 6 and has functional and behavioral characteristics that are similar to that of a 2-4 year old.
Allen Level 3 review:)
For purpose of review, some of the additional primary functional remaining abilities at this stage are:
The functional abilities listed above are derived from cognition. However, if a person also has another type of disability such as physical disability related to a stroke, the person may have a partial or complete deficit in any/or all of the above.
Speech
Speech intelligibility in middle stage is extremely variable anywhere from the ability to speak in intelligible phrases to speech being entirely absent. A common characteristic is what is called speaking in neologisms. I am sure you have observed this as the person is talking in a conversational tone; however he/she is not actually saying real words. We can not be exactly certain as to why speech deteriorates at such a variable rate. However, we believe it may be related in some way with how conversational the person was prior to the onset of their Alzheimer's and related dementia symptoms.
Middle Stage Treatment Techniques
I have found that the following skills are absolutely, positively necessary in order to enable the person with middle stage dementia to function at the highest possible level and actually use the abilities that remain.
Unfortunately, if we as a therapist, or a caregiver miss even just one of these steps the person in middle stage dementia may not be able to demonstrate his/her highest ability to function.
Let's tease out each of these techniques a bit more.
A friendly, positive, and patient approach
Each and every time you approach this patient you must be very aware of your approach. Ask yourself:
Removal of distractions in the environment
Each and every time you work with this patient you must be very aware of your environment. Look around and listen. Ask yourself:
Of course we must perform this analysis as we prepare for our session and throughout. This is an ongoing process as things in the environment will be forever changing. Change what you can immediately. The change may be something as simple as pulling a privacy curtain or changing the person's position in the clinic. Or it may require partnership to make change such as asking permission to turn off a television or asking staff to keep their voices down. In any case, the environment can not be ignored as once attention is taken away, nothing is being processed. Therefore, success will not be possible.
Placing yourself and the tools in the person's visual field
Each and every time you work with this patient you must think about how to position objects in the person's visual field in order to capture attention. For middle stage, make certain you place an object within 14-18 inches from eye level or it will likely be out of sight and therefore out of mind. Of course you also need to make sure you are positioned right in front of the person and making eye contact in order to gain and maintain attention.
Remember that "visual field" describes the area in which the person will purposefully look when seeking out something that they cognitively recognize they need or want.
Example: The person is sitting at a dining table and feels the need to take a drink of water. The person then looks for a cup of water. The visual space in which a person in the middle stage of dementia will look for the cup of water will likely be 14 to 18 inches from eye level. If this cup is outside of this space, it may not be seen and therefore the person will not take a drink. However, if the person just happens to be looking across the table and sees the water cup, this may trigger the desire to drink.
Activity:
Identify at least one middle stage resident and observe situations throughout the day in which the world and its objects are simply "not available" because they are not within visual field.
Please share your activity experiences in our General Chat Forum by stating the following:
Task segmentation—breaking an activity down into one-step parts
The ability of the clinician or caregiver to take any activity and break it down into one-step parts is absolutely critical for the middle stage client. This is one of the primary reasons why this individual requires 1:1 assist with ADLs and other multiple-step activities. Unfortunately the ability to recall the individual steps from memory, even for a very familiar task such as brushing teeth, begins to become impaired. At the higher end of level 3 the person may be able to "chunk" a few steps together. In fact, once you get them started it may appear as if you have just "kick started" memory as the person may begin chunking more steps together without cues as the activity progresses. However in low Allen Level 3 the person needs almost every step presented singly with special cues to comprehend (see below).
Task segmentation is one of the areas on the MDS (the interdisciplinary assessment tool used in Long-Term Care) to measure cognitive function. And this is often an identified "caregiver approach" in the care plan. However, to my amazement, many CNAs, activity staff, and others have not demonstrated an understanding how to break a task down into simple parts and to appropriately cue the person through the steps. This then becomes an area of great continuing education need.
Activity
Identify two activities that have multiple steps such as "brushing teeth" or "transferring from a wheel chair onto a toilet." Then, meet with a CNA, activity person, or other caregiver and complete the following exercise:
Part I
Part II
See below.
Speaking in short phrases and adding visual and tactile (hands-on) cues in combination with verbal cues
Short Phrases
There is great need for a therapist or caregiver to change communication style in order to enable the person to successfully comprehend. We must shorten our phrases as the person's memory and attention have shortened.
Instead of saying, "Millie, I would like you to stand up and walk over to the closet to pick out a nice outfit for this beautiful day. Do you know it is 75 degrees and sunny today?"
Simplify this to: "Millie, please lean forward." [STOP] "Stand up." [STOP] "Walk with me." [STOP] "Open the closet." [STOP] "Would you like to wear the red or yellow outfit?" [STOP]
Of course you should have a general conversation with Millie prior to beginning your activity. At that point you can introduce yourself, discuss the beautiful day, etc. But consider the activity as separate from general conversation. The activity experience is the place in which you must really be mindful of changing your communication style to include shortening of phrases in order to facilitate the best performance and comprehension.
Pre and post conversation should not in any way be deemed as unimportant as this is very critical to building a good relationship and trust. Without this feeling of comfort, the person with middle stage dementia may "refuse." I understand that we get very busy and are often multitasking when we work. However, consider these points:
Cueing Types
In the above scenario, if Millie did not respond to any one of those short simple steps (after waiting about 10 seconds for a response), provide the verbal direction again but this time add a visual and/or tactile cue to support the verbal direction.
Example A:
"Millie, please lean forward," while simultaneously providing gentle tactile input at the top of her back to lean forward.
Example B:
"Open the closet," while simultaneously visually demonstrating the motor movement in close proximity to the closet door.
Activity (continued from previous section)
Continue with the same two activities that were identified in the previous activity.
Note: If you are a new clinician feel free to perform this activity, both Part I and Part II before you introduce this to caregivers. This is a skill that the Dementia Therapist must master and feel confident with first.
Waiting for a response
The processing speed simply slows down as dementia progresses. You may see a latency of verbal or motor response of about 10 to 15 seconds in middle stage dementia. Please remember to be patient and wait before you provide another cue.
You risk over stimulation if you provide cues too quickly or at a greater volume level.
Providing objects and activities that are in the person's long-term memory
Long-term, procedural memories are the strength of a person functioning in middle stage. Therefore, it is very important to gather as much personal information about each client as possible in order to be able to introduce objects and activities from long-term memory. The utilization of long-term memory can promote greater participation as it connects to a familiar memory and taps into internal individual motivators.
Instead of working on strengthening through a typical therapeutic exercise approach, consider asking the person to move or lift items that are familiar and meaningful during a meaningful activity, through the range of motion desired for appropriate muscle strengthening.
Example:
Instead of doing the rainbow arc with a wrist weight on for UE ROM and strengthening consider placing bowls, soup cans, paint cans, etc. on a counter top and ask the person to stack them on a shelf or a cabinet. Tap into the person's interest areas to get the best participation.
I love gardening. Therefore, you could ask me to scoop dirt from a bowl into a pot and I would likely do this for you all day. Just simply position the objects appropriately to facilitate the range of motion and muscle usage desired. Then, cue me as needed to progress through each simple activity step.
Please note that the sense of smell is said to connect to our memory better than any of our senses. Therefore, consider adding as many aromas that connect to the activity as possible to facilitate better performance. Dirt has a distinct aroma which may actually be appealing for a gardener. Consider having the patient smell the dirt prior to cueing through the motor movement of each step.
Slight Performance Variation in Low Level 3 from High Level 3
Please remember that a big leap occurs between 3.4 and 3.6. Therefore, performance will be better at the higher end of level 3. Differences that you will likely observe are:
Conclusion
Individuals who are functioning in middle stage can demonstrate high levels of participation in therapy and life, but only when enabled with the correct approaches and with the necessary environmental and activity adaptations.
Therapists, professional caregivers, and personal caregivers must all be skilled in implementing the techniques described in this article or we risk creating "excess disability" and behavior problems. If any one of these techniques is not implemented the person will not be able to perform at his or her best ability.
Be careful not to overestimate the skills of the caregiver in working with the person with middle stage dementia. And, don't underestimate the abilities of the middle stage individual. As a practicing clinician I have certainly made these mistakes along the way and it pains me to now know that I may have missed an opportunity to help.
What an amazing opportunity we have been given. We are in the position of using our hearts and knowledge to enable individuals with advanced dementia to live! To laugh! To feel purpose!
Feel the difference that your efforts make in the life of another. You have the opportunity to give the gift of quality of life each and every day.
I hope that you found this article of interest and encourage you to perform the activities contained within. Please share your activity experiences through May 31st in our Forum. This will enable our community members to learn from one another.
Download our free eBook, Communication Tips for Serving Individuals With Dementia.
Already an Instructor or Site Member? Log in to access your free resource.
Register Now >>
<|endofexample|>
Repository
Info
Newsletter
Sponsored Links
Global News
- An innovative methodology for maritime security risk management to design cost-effective defence systems
- A new mean of validation of maritime systems through an extensive application of Formal Safety Assessment
- Enhancing Penetration Testing with Attack Signatures and Interface Monitoring for the Detection of Injection Vulnerabilities in Web Services
- Evaluating and Improving Penetration Testing in Web Services
- Defending against Web Application Vulnerabilities
- CRITICAL STEP Book published by Springer
- Critical Software presents CRITICAL STEP results in the International Astronautical Congress
- The 2nd Workshop on Dependability and Certification
- iOS: Theory and Practice
- Software Framework to Support Heterogeneous Communication Technologies in Ubiquitous Systems
Shinystat
Latest Events
Recruitment
Events Calendar
Total Registered
- 25 registered
- 0 today
- 0 this week
- 2 this month
- Last: ddileo
<|endofexample|>
DC Comics Gets New Logo
DC Comics, which revamped its entire comics line in 2011, is now set to give its classic logo a dramatic facelift. For over 60 years, the publisher of Batman, Superman, and other long-running superhero books had utilized a circular-shaped or star-themed emblem on its covers. But as early as this week, that could officially be replaced with a design intended to be far more dynamic. The company's new logo features black sans serif font and a graphic that resembles a large letter "D" being peeled back, revealing part of the letter "C" underneath.
It's a bold departure, and may prove the final straw for readers who have not been happy with the company's creative direction of late.
In 2011, the publisher cancelled all of its titles and re-launched them as 52 first issues. However, in the process, characters like Superman and Wonder Woman became more angst-ridden compared to the versions that came before. Reader response to the new line has not been universally positive. Last week, DC Comics announced that it would be cancelling six lower-performing titles, replacing them with an equal number of new series. By the time those books launch in May, they may be accompanied by a new logo as well.
<|endofexample|>
Ingram Micro CIO Set To Depart Amid Series Of Executive Shuffles5:25 PM EST Wed. Jan. 23, 2013
Ingram Micro, Inc. has announced the impending departure of its executive vice president and chief information officer, Mario Leone. Although replacement has not yet been identified, the Santa Ana, California-based distributor also announced that Nimesh Dave, the company's executive vice president of global business process and cloud computing, will immediately assume Leone's role, including oversight of the company's worldwide information and business systems.
"We thank Mario for his hard work at Ingram Micro over the past four years, during which substantial changes to the company's information systems have been launched," said Bill Humes, the company's chief operating and financial officer, in a prepared statement. "We wish Mario the best in his next endeavor."
The announcement marks a continuation of a number of executive changes at Ingram Micro. On Tuesday, the company announced the promotion of longtime distribution veteran Kirk Robinson to senior vice president, commercial markets and global accounts for North America, providing Robinson with a stronger role in the management of global accounts.
[Related: Ingram Micro Shuffles Executive Management Team]
Earlier this month, the company also appointed new management to its U.K. and Ireland operations, naming Brent McCarty as executive managing director. The move establishes a replacement for Matt Sanderson, who now leads the company's Australian operations.
In addition, Tom Bamrick has been appointed to lead the Ingram Micro consumer electronics division, and Bashar Nejdawi has been named president of Ingram Micro North America Mobility.
Leone will remain at Ingram Micro through March 1, 2013, to assist in the orderly transition of his duties.
PUBLISHED JAN. 23, 2013
<|endofexample|>
VMware's Cloud Foundry Platform-as-a-Service project took a step toward cloud interoperability this week with the release of Cloud Foundry Core, a program that allows developers to move applications across different cloud platforms.
The Cloud Foundry platform is being developed as an open-source project as core.cloudfoundry.org, and as a commercial product, which will be released next year.
VMware said it wants the Cloud Foundry platform to be used by developers to build applications that can work across different clouds to allow choice and prevent vendor lock-in.
[Related: 7 Ways To Capitalize On The Cloud ]
"In the cloud computing world, preserving a choice of clouds is critical. The risks of being locked into a single cloud are substantial," Dekel Tankel, director of product marketing, cloud application platform, at VMware, wrote on the Cloud Foundry blog. "Business requirements will evolve over time, necessitating the ability to move between clouds, whether public to private, private to public or between public cloud providers.
"Cloud Foundry Core provides a baseline of common capabilities and an open mechanism to instantly validate application portability," Tankel added.
To help developers move applications across clouds, Cloud Foundry has developed a common set of open-source frameworks and technologies that applications can use in a PaaS platform, including programming languages Java, Ruby and Node.js.
In practice, Cloud Foundry aims to make it easier for cloud customers to deploy applications in the cloud, Jerry Chen, VMware's vice president of product management and product marketing, said in an interview with CRN.
"This program gives customers the ability to be compatible with a common set of APIs, languages and supporting technologies, so that when they make a program once inside Cloud Foundry, they can deploy it into another cloud," Chen said. "It's been called cloud virtualization."
Chen said that while Amazon is well known as a top cloud provider, VMware is a leading cloud partner providing virtualization technology for public clouds and it is also one of the largest private cloud providers.
VMware, he said, is looking for partners to become involved with its PaaS services and to use them to add cloud services to their portfolios.
"As channel partners, solution providers, resellers and integrators look for ways to add value to customers, we see Cloud Foundry as part of the stack of essential cloud services for them, including vSphere [VMware's cloud operating system] and vCloud [its integrated suite of cloud infrastructure services]," Chen said.
PUBLISHED NOV. 16, 2012
<|endofexample|>
Articles tagged with: Sightseeing
NEW: Here you can download our PDF Guide to Dubrovnik
Historically Dubrovnik has always been very special, as the city was a republic it had a …
Blue and red lake Imotski
Last Sunday we went on a trip with our Australian friend to see the Nature phenomenon the Imotski lakes, which is a red and a …
Holidays Split | all About Split Croatia
If you are planning a holiday in Split, you might want to plan a head, what to see, which excursions to make, where to go …
Nin, the oldest city in Croatia
On the last day of our Easter holiday, we went to see the city Nin, which is considered to be oldest city in Croatia, Nin …
Split fish market
It’s a special feeling to visit the Fish market or Peskarija as it is called here. To me, as well as most other citizens in …
National Park Paklenica | Visitors guide
What is useful to know if you want to visit the National Park Paklenica?
How to get to Paklenica
The National Park Paklenica stretches on the littoral …
National Park Krka Waterfalls – visitors guide
What is useful to know if you want to visit the National Park Krka?
Entrance and parking
There are two official entrances for National Park Krka, …
Star Village – The observatory in Split
Friday we went to visit the observatory on the Mosor Mountain south of Split, the Observatory, or the star village as it is called, is …
NEW UNESCO WORLD HERRITAGE SITE IN CROATIA
On the 8th of Juli Stari Grad Plain was added to UNESCO’s list of world cultural herritage.
The Stari Grad Plain on the Adriatic island of …
MLJET – island near Dubrovnik
There’s Island and two lakes extraordinary connected …name of that Island is Mljet.
NEW: GUIDE TO MLJET
Mljet is rich with forests because of that, he is …
LASTOVO POSTCARD
Lastovo one of the farthest islands is protected park of nature since 2006. It is ideal place for vacation, untouched nature, so quietly and beautiful …
Trsat, a hill above Rijeka
Yesterday was first sunny day since we moved to Rijeka. I cleaned dust from camera and we went to first look around:-)
We choose to go …
The cave Vranjaca
Today we went to see the cave Vranjaca, which impressed us a lot. The cave is situated only 24 km from Split, although we have …
New comments
<|endofexample|>
In this week’s edition of 50 Years of Crochet History we’ll take a look at the world of crochet in 1935.
Favorite 1935 Νέα πλέκω! Ο Τεχνικές πλέκω Βιβλία πλέκω
Anne Orr was a popular crochet designer whose patterns were in books at this time. A Google Books post about her says: “The author of nearly 100 needlework booklets between 1910 και 1945, Anne Orr produced lively and graceful designs that are still appreciated and admired today.” This one is the Star Book of Crochet Designs
. Του Etsy”.
Του Etsy Patterns πλέκω, φυσικά, 1936 πλέκω! Look for it on the blog next week.
[...] I think I mentioned in last week’s post the mid-1930s saw a lot of crochet patterns for matching sets. For example, σε 1936 you could send [...]
[...] 1935 πλέκω [...]
<|endofexample|>
**Enter code DUET in cart. Excludes Final Sale products. Expires 5/19/13 at 11:59pm EST. Cannot be combined with any other offer or discount.
choose color
Khaki / Coffee
- 342
Most durable flip flop that I've ever found!
I am a flip flop fanatic and LOVE my flips! However I weigh over 300 lbs and go through flip flops like crazy. I don't buy the cheap ones either, I've tried other name brands. I usually buy 2 or 3 pair a season because the foam always squishes down and the footbed gets so thin that I feel every rocks and pebble. I bought this pair at the beginning of last summer and I have to tell you that not only did they hold up the entire summer and still look great, they are so comfortable and I'm gunna see if they will last through this coming summer as well! No squishing down! That is saying something for the durability of these flips! I also have wide Fred Flinstone feet and these fit like a glove. The only thing that took some getting used to was the little raised nubs in the footbed....could do without them. I also didnt like the fact that when they got wet, the footbed was really, really slippery. I will be buying another pair in the future, not because these have worn out, but just to have another color choice! LOVE THEM!!!
Awesome flip flop. I bought these for my husband for Christmas and he absolutely loves them. Super light and durable.
Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Runs Small
Runs Large
Uncomfortable
Comfortable
Nondurable
Durable
Yukon Flip
My husband loved this crocs and wore them from the day he received them until they were destroyed by a dog. He has foot problems and appreciated their added heel as well as arch support. However, one of our dogs decided to make a snack of them thus I am ordering another pair. Is anyone interested in a dog?
Runs Narrow
Runs Wide
Runs Small
Runs Large
Uncomfortable
Comfortable
Nondurable
Durable
<|endofexample|>
-30 and CEO
Archive for February 20th, 2012
2012-02-21Posted on February 20, 2012 | No CommentsCrossFit WOD Skills (5 Minutes Each): - “Skin the Cat” Ring Work - Pistol Skill Work Four Rounds: - Run 400m - Rest 1:00 - 21 Box Jumps - 12...
2012 Reebok CrossFit GamesPosted on February 20, 2012 | No CommentsOPEN QUALIFIER You have until Sunday at 7 p.m. to register for the 2012 Reebok CrossFit Games Open! We encourage anyone, especially our members to register. CrossFit Montgomery is a validating affiliate and...
<|endofexample|>
CROSSMARK Convenience C-storologists® track industry patterns and monitor product trends
in order to maximize sales. Further, the C-storologists® cultivate and maintain first-name-basis
relationships with industry wholesalers and retailers, ranging from the largest national chains
to smaller operations of 10 to 20 stores. Working collaboratively with manufacturers, account
executives develop customer-specific sales strategies, which are implemented nationwide by
our national sales team.
In 2010, CROSSMARK acquired the expertise of TNT Marketing which has, for years, been the
acknowledged leader in partnering with the convenience store industry. Now, CROSSMARK
Convenience provides clients with the relationships, insights, planning, and people activation
competencies to make a difference in the convenience store channel.
CROSSMARK Convenience is the leader in the convenience channel, providing:
Nationwide Coverage
Manufacturer Support
Wholesaler Expertise
Retailer Understanding
For more information, contact:
<|endofexample|>
The Grouch
- Friday, March 07, 2003
Let's admit it. The breakneck speed of most days and the busyness of our workloads as well as our social planning can lead to a character flaw most of us would rather not acknowledge. If we are busy and stressed, we've probably become cranky and grouchy around others, even the people we are dating.
We didn't start out this way, of course. On our first date, we were the epitome of kindness and sensitivity, full of compliments, smiles, and open-mindedness. But somewhere in the process of dating, without any effort on our part, a side of us was revealed that can become surprisingly testy, touchy, and downright irritable.
Have you ever blurted out driving instructions from the passenger seat, even though you knew that would chill an otherwise enjoyable date? Have you ever snapped with a question or command, and then tagged a gratuitous "please" on the end that was clearly an afterthought? Have you ever grumbled and groused over a meal your date has prepared for you because it wasn't specifically what you wanted to eat that night?
Most of us justify our irritability with thoughts such as, "This isn't really me acting rudely to my date; I'm really a caring person. This is just one date, and at the next one, I'll be nicer." We convince ourselves that our grouchiness is a temporary condition that will go away as soon as we pay the bills, throw our friend's baby shower, or complete an important project at work.
But over time, we realize our rationale is wearing thin. We gradually learn we can't even convince ourselves, and there are only so many tense dates we can go on before the person we are dating stops returning our phone calls. So what can a grump do? Plenty.
It begins-and ends-with paying special attention to how we treat the person we are dating.
Can you imagine if your home, your phone, and your car were bugged? For the last two dates, every conversation and every comment you made to your date was recorded on tape. Feeling queasy?
Even worse, you are now going to have to sit down and listen to yourself and how you spoke to your date, and think about whether those words brought you and your date closer to each other and helped you learn about one another or whether they created a distance that made the date less fun for your date than he or she might have had spending time alone-or dating someone else.
It's a frightening thought for most of us who have been steadily dating. And it's probably a good thing we won't have to endure it. But to change our grouchy ways, we will need some method of monitoring our interactions. Why? Because awareness is often curative. Simply recognizing what you are doing, when you are doing it, is enough to get you moving out of your grouchy plight.
If you feel you are taking your grumpiness out on someone you are dating, work on increasing your awareness by keeping a journal for a week or more to record the kinds of things you say. You may discover, for example, that you are particularly irritable at certain times of the day, or when you are hungry. These are important things to know.
"Time alone to read and think, to ponder and pray, nearly always leads to deeper awareness," says Dr. Neil Clark Warren, founder of eharmony.com. "If you get more deeply in touch with yourself, you always have more to give to the intimacy process." However you go about it, raising awareness of your ways will become the key to keeping your irritability under
<|endofexample|>
Sean wrote: > First off, i'm most interested as to why Thayers is no longer available, > which i didn't realize (i downloaded mine a while ago). Was it > determined that it's not actually in the public domain? If that's so, > then i can't re-use it either for sharing purposes. But it is available > through e-Sword: so i'm a bit puzzled. Can anyone enlighten me to the > freedom of this module? We determined that the module named "Thayer" corresponded to the Online Bible module named "OLBGRK". (And likewise that "BDB" corresponded to OLB's "OLBHEB".) The problem here is that 1) the modules were not really Thayer or BDB. They did incorporate, I believe, to some extent, definitions from their respective source lexicons. However, we also know that parts of these modules are NOT from these lexicons. On the one hand, this means that they are not really the Thayer/BDB texts, so we don't want to distribute them (at least not under those names). And on the other hand, it also means that they are not public domain texts as we thought they were. Hence, we pulled them from the site a while ago. --Chris
<|endofexample|>
Crossword Puzzle Number 1949 (Medium Grid)
1. Thin fibrous bark of the paper mulberry and Pipturus albidus.
5. A tiny or scarcely detectable amount.
12. A strong emotion.
15. South American armadillo with three bands of bony plates.
16. (plural) Rare collector's items.
17. Someone who is morally reprehensible.
18. Cubes of meat marinated and cooked on a skewer usually with vegetables.
19. Extraordinarily good.
20. An Arabic speaking person who lives in Arabia or North Africa.
23. (meaning literally `born') Used to indicate the maiden or family name of a married woman.
24. (prosody) Of or consisting of iambs.
26. Deliberately arranged for effect.
28. Relating to or existing on or affecting the skin.
31. An open box attached to a long pole handle.
32. A flat wing-shaped process or winglike part of an organism.
33. Prolific Spanish playwright (1562-1635).
35. The capital of Morocco.
39. A historic division of Ireland located in the northeastern part of the island.
41. Clothing of a distinctive style or for a particular occasion.
44. A Chadic language spoken south of Lake Chad.
45. Any of various hard resins from trees of the family Dipterocarpaceae and of the genus Agathis.
47. A public promotion of some product or service.
49. The most common computer memory which can be used by programs to perform necessary tasks while the computer is on.
50. United States naturalist (born in Switzerland) who studied fossil fish.
54. A transparent optical device used to converge or diverge transmitted light and to form images.
55. A member of the North American Indian people formerly living in the Colorado river valley in Arizona and Nevada and California.
58. Made agreeably cold (especially by ice).
59. Growing a crystal layer of one mineral on the crystal base of another mineral in such a manner that its crystalline orientation is the same as that of the substrate.
62. An air pump operated by hand to inflate something (as a tire).
69. The cry made by sheep.
70. Malayan tree bearing spiny red fruit.
73. A loose sleeveless outer garment made from aba cloth.
74. A mature blood cell that contains hemoglobin to carry oxygen to the bodily tissues.
75. (especially of plants) Developed without chlorophyll by being deprived of light.
76. A serve that strikes the net before falling into the receiver's court.
77. Owed and payable immediately or on demand.
78. Located farthest to the rear.
79. An agency of the United Nations affiliated with the World Bank.
1. The basic unit of money in Bangladesh.
2. Someone who copies the words or behavior of another.
3. A metabolic acid found in yeast and liver cells.
4. A peninsula between the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf.
5. A soft silver-white or yellowish metallic element of the alkali metal group.
6. Pouch used in the shipment of mail.
7. A heavy brittle metallic element of the platinum group.
8. English theoretical physicist who applied relativity theory to quantum mechanics and predicted the existence of antimatter and the positron (1902-1984).
9. Any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and straight horns.
10. An Asian river.
11. A person who travels through the water by swimming.
12. The formation of frost or ice on a surface.
13. (the feminine of raja) A Hindu princess or the wife of a raja.
14. Having a specified kind of border or edge.
21. An independent ruler or chieftain (especially in Africa or Arabia).
22. Fodder harvested while green and kept succulent by partial fermentation as in a silo.
25. A port in northern Belgium on the Scheldt river.
27. (Babylonian) God of storms and wind.
29. The amount that a container (as a wine bottle or tank) lacks of being full.
30. Dutch navigator who was the first European to discover Tasmania and New Zealand (1603-1659).
34. A hard brittle blue-white multivalent metallic element.
36. Of or relating to or containing barium.
37. Lower in esteem.
38. Brought from wildness into a domesticated state.
40. Adornment consisting of a bunch of cords fastened at one end.
42. A radioactive element of the actinide series.
43. A Chadic language spoken in northern Nigeria.
46. Accumulation in the blood of nitrogen-bearing waste products (urea) that are usually excreted in the urine.
48. An uproarious party.
51. Reproduce someone's behavior or looks.
52. Old World vine with lobed evergreen leaves and black berrylike fruits.
53. The dynasty that ruled much of Manchuria and northeastern China from 947 to 1125.
56. A place where ships can take on or discharge cargo.
57. An edge tool with a heavy bladed head mounted across a handle.
60. A manicurist who trims the fingernails.
61. French painter whose work influenced the impressionists (1832-1883).
63. (Babylonian) God of wisdom and agriculture and patron of scribes and schools.
64. The front of the head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear.
65. Informal or slang terms for mentally irregular.
66. An island in Indonesia east of Java.
67. In bed.
68. A Chadic language spoken south of Lake Chad.
71. European cave-dwelling aquatic salamander with permanent external gills.
72. An adherent of any branch of Taoism.
Feel free to print out this crossword puzzle for your personal use. You may also link to it. However, this web page and puzzle are copyrighted and may not be distributed without prior written consent.
<|endofexample|>
EVENT DATE: Apr 16, 2012.
The contest to Win a Mess of Stuff from Arc'teryx is now over. Thanks for all of the donations and congrats to the winner Dan B.
via Crowdrise 12 months ago
Just donated to Trinity Boston Foundation Inc's 2012 Boston Marathon benefiting Trinity Boston Foundation Inc.
4 weeks ago
Just donated to Corey's Team Hoyt 2012 Boston Marathon benefiting HOYT FOUNDATION.
1 month ago
Just donated to Mick's Team ALSMA Boston Marathon 2012 benefiting Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association.
1 month ago
<|endofexample|>
Add a little indulgence to your celebrations. Perfect to re-energise your group before a night out, or even for the morning after the night before!
Each girl will be treated to 30 minutes of pamper time;
Plus, for groups of 8 or more, the hen/birthday girl will receive a complimentary bottle of bubbly and an additional 30 minute treatment for free! Choose from one of the following;
Pamper Package
<|endofexample|>
Properties in Welling, Outer London between £180,000 and £190,000
Contact us: Got a photo? Text SLPICS to 80360, click to upload your story, or call
020 8722 6350
Properties in Welling, Outer London
Gallery view List view Map view 1 properties found
East Rochester Way, Blackfen, Kent, DA15
£189,950
3 Bedrooms
- Print Page
- Share Results
Send me homes by email daily / weekly
£189,950
3 Bedrooms
Robinson Jackson - Blackfen
<|endofexample|>
Property Sale Details - Croydon Guardian
Contact us: Got a photo? Text SLPICS to 80360, click to upload your story, or call
020 8722 6350
Property Sale Details
Sale DetailsFlat 6 Ivydene Lodge, 99 Shirley Road
Croydon
Greater London
CR0 7LQ
- Sale Date: Nov 9 2007
- Sale Price: £240,000
- Lease Type: Leasehold
- Property Type: Flat/Maisonette
Average Sold Prices for Shirley »
<|endofexample|>
THE who are disappointed if their late-morning beverage is actually non-alcoholic. Since Chelsea Handler introduced alcohol to the 4th hour in 2008 while promoting her book “Are you there, vodka? It’s me, Chelsea,” alcohol has become a signature staple of the show. Even “Saturday Night Live” paid tribute with a hilarious spoof.
In a country where local TV stations in places like Texas or New Orleans won’t even allow an unopened bottle of wine on morning television, Kathie Lee and Hoda celebrate everything from National Margarita Day to Oktoberfest in front of 2.3 million viewers nationwide.
Since November 2011, the 4th hour also gets repeated at 2 a.m. the next morning, averaging a healthy viewership of around 683,000. Can this get any better for peeps in liquor marketing, one may ask? It can – the 4th hour attracts the sought-after audience of women ages 25 to 54 and has a mind-blowing social media following. 369,000 Facebook fans and 36,600 followers on Twitter, to be exact (@klgandhoda).
So how do you land a gig on “The Today Show?” Two former clients of mine, a champagne and a vodka brand, each got their two minutes of fame on the most famous Happy Hour of morning television. If you ask me, here’s what they did right:
- Pitch a story, not a product: We’re in PR, not in sales. Pitch a compelling story that fits your brand message, while including some other non-competing products. Working for an eco-friendly brand? What about “Sip a cocktail, save the earth! Cocktails that give back for Earth Day?”
- Invest in an A-list spokesperson: After all, it’s national broadcast. Partner with established experts, such as the editor-in-chief of Food & Wine magazine. Stuck with a no-name spokesperson? Invest in local TV exposure first. The producers of “The Today Show” expect excellent B-roll footage of people they have never worked with.
- Know your audience AND your anchors: Did you know that Kathie Lee does not drink boxed wine? Get familiar with the anchors and their female-skewed audience before you even think of proposing a story. The manliest cocktail of mankind is probably not going to be the right fit.
For more general tips on how to successfully pitch the 4th hour, check out Sabina Ptacin’s blog post on Preneur.net.
Oh, and one more piece of advice, if you represent a liquor brand, always, and I mean ALWAYS, have professional bartenders on set when your brand will be featured on “The Today Show.” A producer once insisted that he only needed the recipe and would make the drink himself in order to save time. The facial expressions Kathie Lee and Hoda sported live on air when they tasted my client’s cocktail haunted me for a while.
Photos courtesy of the Today Show, Jezebel and Xfinity.
After reading the story, I am disgusted. They are not setting good role models for our daughters. “Sip a cocktail, save the earth!Come on talk about justification.
<|endofexample|>
Most Important Thing In Universe
Biochemist, Dr. Michael Atchison tells how Christ changed his life.
Growing up, I didn’t fully understand what it meant to have a relationship with Jesus. I heard the gospel, was around it and knew it, but didn’t get it.
By the time I went to Albany State University in 1973, I had a good dose of Christianity but still didn’t understand what it all meant.
I drifted off in whatever direction I choose.
I knew of Christian groups on campus, but avoided them and got involved with the party scene because it was cool and more accepted.
There were lots of weekend parties and the drinking age in New York back then was 18 years old. My weekend began on Thursdays.
As a student, I was dead broke, working nights, going to school during the day. My family had no money. I was working really hard and I was really tired.
When I finished college, I was accepted into graduate school at New York University. I withdrew the $7.53 I had in my bank account and went home to live with my parents, working a few jobs that summer to make whatever money I could.
I got my PhD in cellular molecular biology at NYU’s school of medicine. I also met my wife in graduate school and we married in 1979.
We had our first child in 1980. All of a sudden I was in my mid-twenties and had a kid. I was cruising along, in a good graduate program and work was going well. By 1982, we had two kids.
But something was missing. I was pretty sure a relationship with God was what was missing. I knew I didn’t know who He was. I knew that’s what the void was, but wasn’t motivated to do anything about it.
From my earliest years as a 5-year-old, I knew God loved me, my mom told me that. But I kept Him at arm’s distance because I wanted to keep getting the blessings without having to commit to anything.
I didn’t want to have to give Him anything. I knew He loved me but I didn’t understand the gospel or what any of that meant.
About that time, my oldest son at age 4 began asking me questions about God. I would give him answers, but it was clear to me that I was just making it up.
I wasn’t speaking out of any authority and that bugged me. In 1984 we moved to Philly to do a Post Doc at Fox Chase Cancer Center.
Two blocks away there was a Methodist Church and since I had gone to one as a child, I thought it a good idea to get reconnected with the church. There was a big void and knew that’s what it was.
I began going to that church in 1985… at the same time I tried to find my Bible and I couldn’t find it. So for Christmas, I asked for a Bible – my mother got it for me.
I read it cover to cover but didn’t get it. I was amazed and impressed by the history and real people, but I didn’t understand what it was all about.
Then I started attending a Sunday School class and these people believed the Word of God and studied it. They also had a Bible study and I began going to that, too.
I’m a scientist, I think logically. I have to have my ducks in a row to believe something. There has to be logical flow.
The guy who was running the class was John, a physicist/scientist (he didn’t have Ph. D. yet, but did subsequently). He knew the Bible.
He knew Scriptures. We would get in arguments and his held water. So I finally started listening and stopped arguing.
We began studying Romans, and suddenly around chapter 5, I got it. It was like a light bulb went on.
I got it. I can’t say precisely when or how it happened, but studying the book of Romans, I suddenly understood the gospel and what it was all about.
I knew this was the most important decision in my life. I had made the decision that Christ was my Savior and there was no turning back.
During all this, I was working really hard in the lab and I was frustrated, but then things came out really well. It came out beautifully.
It occurred to me that I couldn’t control it, and it was humbling. I’m a pretty hard-working, smart guy, that’s what it takes, right? When things weren’t going well and even when they were, I realized I wasn’t in control, but the Lord was.
And HE had blessed me by giving me these things in life.
Dr. Michael Atchison lives in Glenside, PA with his wife of 32 years, Dr. Lakshmi. He is a Biochemist at the University of Pennsylvania’s School of Veterinary Medicine. Both of his adult sons, Alan and Steven, work at UPenn. Lakshmi is a professor of biology at Chestnut Hill College. In their spare time, they enjoy dinners together at home and out at favorite restaurants, camping, nature trail hiking and occasionally watching movies together. They have also published science textbooks together under the publisher, McGraw Hill.
<|endofexample|>
Forum > Etc.
Who Do Ya Love?
(1/2) > >>
Wordy Wordpecker:
Elizabeth Gorski is my hero!
Todd G:
Good choice there!
My current favorite happens to be mentoring me right now, so perhaps I'm biased. And really, I love both my current mentors: they give me good advice, listen patiently to my troubles, and even laugh at my jokes. What's not to love?
---Todd
SJS:
Gorski is a good choice!
Patrick Berry is very clever and original.
Karl Vollrath:
I think that Wordy Woodpecker might be the best name on this forum. F'real
Doorbell:
My heart belongs to Manny Nosowsky. He is my sun ☼ moon ☾ and stars ✩✩✩
Navigation
[0] Message Index
[#] Next pageGo to full version
<|endofexample|>
This was our first family vacation and things really turned sour right from the beginning. We are a family of four with 2 daughters 8 & 14.
First Day - We arrived aboard and checked in our cabin to find that there were three (SINGLE) beds to accommodate 4 people! The room steward says that he cannot accommodate a rollaway because only one of single beds could only move one way. We then were told that time was of the essence and that we had to prepare for the life safety drill. We go thru this process and then go to the Pursers Desk to get our sail and sign in cards situated by placing deposits and such. We then tell them about our room and the attendant(The gentleman purser dressed in the white uniform) points to the bold read sign with white letters stating that there is no other upgrades or other rooms available PERIOD! Therefore My DH and I had to share a Single Bed together the entire trip! After trying to get everything situated, We then noticed that we had missed our dinning room time at 5:45PM (as stated on our reservations from our travel agent) so we quickly grabbed a bite to eat in the brasserie being starved from traveling all morning. I then tried to locate anyone with information concerning the Camp carnival groups orientation and found out that we had missed that also. By this time we both had felt so frustrated that my DH and i just looked at each other and said "I need a drink!" Would you believe that It was 7:00PM when My DH and I actually got some time to just relax and have a drink to wish one another Bon Voyage for our trip? By the way we had ordered two specials that came in the Carnival yellow souvenir plastic glasses....in which NO ONE EVER TOLD US that we could reuse them and save two dollars each if we reused them again to order drinks...that is not until the very last day at sea on the pool deck when a young lady came up to us and asked us if we wanted a cocktail. We said yes and then she asked if we wanted the special with the souvenir cups that would save us $2.00 each. I couldn't believe my ears that no one had ever mentioned this to us!
Second Day - On our second day aboard we dropped the girls off to their destinations for their camp carnival groups...which was good...the girls had a ball! However the really big pain was this major detail that needs to be addressed concerning the younger Carnival groups...You could not drop your son or daughter off early for certain events...for example... Let's say that a show starts at 7:00PM ...you could not drop off your youngster off before seven..the group counselor's would not show up until 7:00PM on the dot...You waited in line to check them in and then you quickly walked thru the ship to the showroom and tried to find your hubby in the dark in the stadium that was saving a seat for you. So if you happen to hear "psst, Honey" in a whisper walking down the isle during a show... please try to understand that Carnival needs to some addressing on this and that it's not the parents fault! Here it is on our second day in the middle of the afternoon and low and behold....We had it brought to our attention that our seating time is not what is stated on our reservations but on our sail and sign in cards...UGH! We once again go to the purser's desk and it's the same guy in the white uniform and informs us that we have to wait until our seating time 8:00PM to talk with the Matre D in the dinning room. This really screwed things up for us! You see... Our youngest daughter (8) had her formal dinner (COKETAIL PARTY) at 5:45PM with her group in the kids carnival program. Our oldest daughter had no formal dinner with her group, so she of course wanted to eat with us (for the first time in the dinning room) for the formal dinner. We all dressed up and we were so VERY VERY VERY disappointed that we could not get a family portrait taken together. The photographers are only available at certain times to take photographs. With our situation it definitely was not possible eating at two different times that far apart. The dinning experience was horrible to say the least! We were seated at our table and had appetizers and ordered a bottle of wine (Chardonay - Captain's Choice) which was absolutely divine! Best chardonay i have had yet! I had steak and my DH had prime rib. My DH began to eat and turned to me and said to wave over the waiter if i happen to see him pass by. Our waiter came over and My DH explained that the prime rib was extremely tough even to cut with my steak knife. Our waiter then leaves and does not come back until 30 mins later with the maitre D (Baboo). I then explain the situation to him and he says that there is nothing he can do! I was quite appalled and asked why he would not take back his plate and give him another. He replied that because my DH had taken 4 bites out of his prime rib dinner, he could not take it back and then added that dinner is now over and now it was time for dessert! We just sat there in shock...we just could not believe it! We then kindly asked the waiter to cork our wine. The waiter told us that when we come back to the dinning room for dinner that we could finish the bottle of wine, and that if it was not finished that it would be delivered to our cabin on the last day at sea to finish it then. Needless to say that we NEVER returned back to the dinning room and that our $45 bottle of wine was never delivered to our room!
Arriving at cozumel Paradise Beach made our vacation most memorable! We highly recommend this for a most enjoyable day!
On arriving home i quickly called called Carnival's headquarters in Miami and they told me that this issue was a travel agent issue and that this is why you should not book any travel's with ANY TRAVEL AGENT and only book with Carnival themselves! My mouth about dropped to the floor! I then quickly called my travel agent to quickly address Carnival accommodating 4 people with 3 beds and to place a major complaint in. I was told that it normally takes about 3 weeks to get a reply from Carnival headquarters in writing. Here it is to date one month and four days that i have not received a reply back from Carnival! This really has been an eye opening experience to our family in which we really made allot of lemonade with all the sour lemons that were given to us during our FIRST FAMILY VACATION!
<|endofexample|>
Signing up could earn you gear and it helps to keep offensive content off of our site.
Twitter Facebook
Josie Tucci shows off a new monohull designed exclusively for Sunsail by Jeanneau
Copyright © 2013 Cruising World. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
<|endofexample|>
The bag comes with a large Crumpler Haven, which you can insert and remove as required. Fully padded and fully configurable with two velcro-mounting slimline dividers, the large Haven is designed to hold a DSLR Twin Lens kit and Flash or a Full Frame Body and Lense.
Thanks to an ingenious foldaway inner lining, the Local Identity’s main compartment can shrink when the Haven is in place, and expand to full volume when it’s not. photo bags are water resistant, but with its waterproof roll-top opening, YKK water resistant zippers and waterproof TPU tarpaulin front panel, the Local Identity will keep your gear bone dry in even the most extreme wet weather conditions.
We construct the Local Identity?
<|endofexample|>
San. GameLink emphasizes the userâ€™s experience and service, and has established an industry leading reputation for innovation and leadership.
<|endofexample|>
Mapme.at is an app that lets you save and display your location history.
You could use it to share with your contacts places you visited on holiday or to show the path you ran in a marathon.
You can update your location, including iPhone apps, via email and using the FireEagle API.
<|endofexample|>
SafeBox is a software company developing mobile security products for both consumer and enterprise markets which aims at making available to everyone advanced security technologies that were up until now used only in specialised areas such as espionage, government agencies, secure payment companies, labs and private organisations.
SafeBox is the fruit of a collaboration between technology entrepreneurs and experts in the fields of mobile communications and mobile security that share the same vision about the right to privacy and confidentiality in the mobile space.
The lead product of the company is a mobile application software for sending and receiving private SMS (normal or encrypted), creating secret lists of contacts and storing confidential notes in a PIN-protected application.
<|endofexample|>
Sure Product Consulting provides product management and product marketing expertise to Silicon Valley software and online service companies. We can provide expert product management consultants to jump start the process of turning your ideas and technologies into viable software and SaaS products and launching those products to the market.
We have worked across a variety of sectors within software and online services, however our “sweet spot” is companies targeting the B2B Enterprise space with highly technical products - particularly data management, “big data”, PaaS (platform as a service), SaaS, and virtualization.
Among other services, we provide:
<|endofexample|>
Picplum is an automatic photo printing service that is the perfect addition to any family with young children. We know parents are too busy to organize their photos, let alone to find the time to print and share them. That’s where Picplum comes in - it’s the hassle-free way to share your best moments with friends and family.
<|endofexample|>
I don’t get it. Is there some sort of rule now where shows about teenage vampires have to be promoted in the most obtuse, alarming way possible? How will this make me want to watch Vampire Diaries? How am I even supposed to know this is an ad for that show? I’m going to be too busy at the woman’s clinic!
Then again, at least this is a billboard and not an entire website that slowly infiltrates Gawker articles, so it still beats out True Blood‘s Bloodcopy fiasco of yesteryear. But as terrible marketing schemes go, these two are really neck and neck.
I’ll be here all night folks, tip your waiter.
<|endofexample|>
Sons of Anarchy hottie Charlie Hunnam piled on the facial hair to play the laidback, been-around-the-block atheist protagonist of Matthew Chapman‘s modern parable The Ledge. Unfortunately, he cultivated quite the flesh-colored beard, which is giving us vivid flashbacks to The Hills star Spencer Pratt.
The worst part was when Hunnam’s character seduced Liv Tyler away from evangelical hubby Patrick Wilson; every sex scene (SFW) I couldn’t help but imagine Spencer in his marital bed with Heidi Montag. You can never unsee something like that!
<|endofexample|>
Yamaha YST-FSW150 Ultra-compact powered subwoofer Zoom Front Back Other Photos Videos Item# 022YSTF150 offer details Item# 022YSTF150 Review Summary 8 Yamaha YST-FSW150 by Loren Barstow guaranteeShop all Yamaha Powered Subwoofers Hands-on research from the Crutchfield Labs (what are the Labs?) Features and specs chart | What’s in the box? | In-depth notes Features and Specs Features and Specs Enclosure Loading... Bass Reflex Video Shielded Loading... Yes Woofer Size (inches) Loading... 6 5/16 Woofer Composition Loading... Firing Direction Loading... Down. Product Reviews Review this product Submit a review and you will be entered to win a $150 gift card Crutchfield Great Gear Giveaway Official Sweepstakes Rules Reviews for the Yamaha YST-FSW: (5) 3 Star: (1) 2 Star: (0) 1 Star: (0) Sort by: Date Reviewed Rating Helpfulness Showing: 1-8 of 8 View page: 1 4 out of 5 Great for tight spaces Written By TM, SFBay, CA on Thursday, May 16, 2013. 2 out of 2. 7 out of 7. 5 out of 6 9 out of 9! 8 out of. 25 out of. 24 out of 28 people found this helpful Was this review helpful? Yes | No 1-8 of 8 Accessories (8 meters/26.25 feet) 15 people say Your Price: $59 2-Speaker Home Theater Installation 1 person says Your Price: $359 YST-FSW150, please visit the Crutchfield website product page (/S-UdNhGiRxnaP/p_022YSTF150/Yamaha-YST-FSW150.html ). Recommended Accessories See more accessories Your featured item Yamaha YST-FSW150 Ultra-compact powered subwoofer $249
<|endofexample|>
thing’ regions it is possible to group related objects (like textures, materials, mesh objects, mesh factories, sectors, sequences, triggers, shared variables, ...)..
A collection is similar to a region in some respects but the purpose is different. Basically a collection is a collection of some other objects which you want to tie together for some reason (other than dynamic loading). For example, using them in a scripting setup.
Here is an example collection:
Collections can also contain keys.
This document was generated using texi2html 1.76.
<|endofexample|>
Crystorama Lighting does not sell direct to consumers.
The above "Buy Online" link will direct you to a reseller. For other online dealer options, please see the below tab "Find An Online Retailer." If you choose to buy locally, click the above "Buy Local" button or visit the below tab "Find a Local Retailer."
<|endofexample|>
Day/Date: Friday, 12-August, 2011
Time: 6:00AM - 7:00AM
Service Affected: Newell Simon Hall network
Details:
On Friday, August 12, 2011, SCS Computing Facilities staff will perform a reboot of the network equipment that provides network connectivity for Newell Simon Hall. There will be a 5-10 minutes network outage during the scheduled maintenance period in Newell Simon Hall while the network equipment is rebooted.
Please contact the SCS Help Desk at x8-4231 or send mail to help+@cs.cmu.edu with any questions or concerns regarding this maintenance period.
Thank you for your attention,
SCS Help Desk
<|endofexample|>
Polytypic Downwards Accumulations
Jeremy Gibbons.
<|endofexample|>
The following is the same data from assignment 11:
We want to use this data to learn the value of more_info as a function of the values of the other variables.We want to use this data to learn the value of more_info as a function of the values of the other variables.
In this assignment we will consider neural network learning for this data. We have a Java applet and a CILog program that can be used to answer this assignment.
After 200 iterations with a learning rate of 0.5 the parameter values are:
When first is true, the value of the linear expression is negative unless bought and edu are true and visited is false.
When first is false, the value of the linear expression is positive unless bought and edu are false and visited is true.
This can be written as the decision tree:
So the boolean expression is:
(first &bought &edu ¬ visited) or
(not first &bought) or
(not first &edu) or
(not first ¬ visited).
No. e3 is misclassified. The neural network classifies it as false.
The following
run the applet....
After 200 iterations with learning rate of 0.5, we can have the following table:
This represents the same Boolean function as part (a).
Again e3 is misclassified.
There is local minimum at 1.7 or 1.8 (with 42 iterations), another at 2.7 (with 33 iterations) and another at 3.0 (with 34 iterations).
<|endofexample|>
* Due to a misprint from a local publication in Washington, D.C., the Helsinki Commission would like to remind you that the hearing below is tomorrow, Thursday, July 28, not today *
WASHINGTON– The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission) announced today the following hearing:
“U.S. Policy and the OSCE: Making Good on Commitments”
Thursday July 28, 2011
1:30 p.m.
210 Cannon House Office Building
The OSCE region faces many challenges, including unresolved conflicts, ethnic tension, corruption and lack of good governance, racism and intolerance, and trafficking in persons. Challenges also include authoritarian regimes which fail to respect freedom of media, expression, assembly, association, and religion, and also obstruct the work of civil society and human rights defenders in their countries. The 2010 OSCE summit – the Organization’s first in ten years – reconfirmed commitment to the OSCE principles enshrined in prior decisions but was not able to agree on what the OSCE’s priorities and future work should be. The upcoming Ministerial meeting in Vilnius, Lithuania, will provide a second chance to set priorities.
The hearing will discuss U.S. policy towards the OSCE, including the steps the Organization should take to promote participating States’ implementation of their commitments in the three dimensions of security: political-military security, economic security and human rights. It will also look at what the U.S. believes should emerge from the Vilnius Ministerial Meeting in December this year.
Witnesses:
Assistant Secretary Philip H. Gordon, U.S. Department of State Office of European and Eurasian Affairs
Assistant Secretary Michael H. Posner, U.S. Department of State Office of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
Assistant Secretary Alexander Vershbow, U.S. Department of Defense Office of International Security Affairs
Dr. Michael Haltzel, Senior Fellow, Center for Transatlantic Relations, Johns Hopkins University SAIS
Catherine Fitzpatrick, Consultant, Jacob Blaustein Institute for the Advancement of Human Rights
<|endofexample|>
By Robert Hand, Staff Advisor
Over 200 parliamentarians from throughout the OSCE region, including 13 members of the U.S. Congress, assembled in Kyiv, Ukraine from July 5 to 9, 2007 for the convening of the Sixteenth Annual Session of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly (OSCE PA). Also in attendance were representatives from several Mediterranean Partners for Cooperation countries, and delegates representing Afghanistan, the newest country designated by OSCE as a Partner for Cooperation.
The U.S. Delegation was led by the Chairman of the (Helsinki) Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Representative Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL), a past president of the OSCE PA serving as President Emeritus. Commission Co-Chairman, Senator Benjamin L. Cardin (D-MD) co-chaired the delegation. House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer (D-MD), a past Commission chairman and the highest ranking Member of Congress ever to attend an annual session, also participated, joined by the Commission’s Ranking Republican Member, Rep. Christopher H. Smith (R-NJ) and Reps. Louise McIntosh Slaughter (D-NY), Robert B. Aderholt (R-AL), Mike McIntyre (D-NC), Hilda L. Solis (D-CA), G.K. Butterfield (D-NC), Marcy Kaptur (D-OH), Michael R. McNulty (D-NY), Doris Matsui (D-CA), and Gwen S. Moore (D-WI).
The designated theme for this year’s Annual Session was “Implementation of OSCE Commitments.” Assembly President Göran Lennmarker (Sweden) opened the Inaugural Plenary Session which included an address by Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko, who stressed Ukraine’s commitment to democratic development. The OSCE Chairman-in-Office, Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos, also addressed the plenary and responded to questions from the parliamentarians.
Starting Off at the Standing Committee
At the start of the Annual Session, Chairman Hastings participated in the meeting of the OSCE PA Standing Committee, the leadership body of the Assembly composed of the Heads of Delegations of the 56 OSCE participating States and the Assembly’s officers. He presented a summary of his activities as Special Representative on Mediterranean Affairs, including his visits in June to Israel and Jordan. During the Kyiv meeting, he also convened a special meeting on the Mediterranean Dimension of the OSCE, attended by approximately 100 parliamentarians from Algeria, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, and the participating States.
Ongoing Committee Work
Members of the U.S. Delegation were active in the work of the Assembly’s three General Committees: Political Affairs and Security; Economic Affairs, Science, Technology and Environment; and Democracy, Human Rights and Humanitarian Questions. The committees considered their respective resolutions as well as nine “supplementary items,” additional resolutions submitted before the session. Senator Cardin introduced a supplemental item on “Combating Anti-Semitism, Racism, Xenophobia and other forms of Intolerance against Muslims and Roma.”
Seven other U.S. delegates introduced and secured passage of a total of 25 U.S. amendments to the various committee resolutions and supplementary items, including Chairman Hastings and Majority Leader Hoyer on OSCE election observation; another Hastings amendment on past use of cluster bombs; Smith and McIntyre amendments regarding trafficking in persons; another McIntyre amendment on Belarus; Solis amendments on migration; Moore amendments on the use of “vulture funds,” and a Butterfield amendment on human rights.
The U.S. Delegation was also instrumental in garnering necessary support for supplementary items and amendments proposed by friends and allies among the participating States. The supplementary items considered and debated in Kyiv, other than Senator Cardin’s, included “The Role and the Status of the Parliamentary Assembly within the OSCE”; “The Illicit Air Transport of Small Arms and Light Weapons and their Ammunition”; “Environmental Security Strategy”; “Conflict Settlement in the OSCE area”; “Strengthening OSCE Engagement with Human Rights Defenders and National Human Rights Institutions”; “The Ban on Cluster Bombs”; “Liberalization of Trans-Atlantic Trade”; “Women in Peace and Security”; and “Strengthening of Counteraction of Trafficking Persons in the OSCE Member States.”
Guantanamo Bay Raised
Following her appearance before the Helsinki Commission in Washington on June 21 during a hearing on “Guantanamo: Implications for U.S. Human Rights Leadership,” Belgian Senate President Anne-Marie Lizin, the OSCE PA Special Representative on Guantanamo, presented her third report on the status of the camp to a general Plenary Session of the Assembly. This report followed her second visit to the detention facility at Guantanamo on June 20, 2007 and provided the Assembly with a balanced presentation of outstanding issues and concerns. Senator Lizin concluded the report with a recommendation that the facility should be closed.
Engaging Other Delegates
While the delegation’s work focused heavily on OSCE PA matters, the venue presented an opportunity to advance U.S. relations with OSCE states. During the course of the Kyiv meeting, members of the U.S. delegation held a series of formal as well as informal bilateral meetings, including talks with parliamentarians from the Russian Federation, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, parliamentary delegations from the Mediterranean Partners for Cooperation, including Israel, and Afghanistan. The U.S. Delegation hosted a reception for parliamentary delegations from Canada and the United Kingdom.
Electing New Officers and Adopting of the Declaration
On the final day of the Kyiv meeting, the Assembly reelected Göran Lennmarker (Sweden) as President. Mr. Hans Raidel (Germany) was elected Treasurer. Four Vice Presidents were elected in Kyiv: Anne-Marie Lizin (Belgium), Jerry Grafstein (Canada), Kimo Kiljunen (Finland), and Panos Kammenos (Greece).
Rep. Hilda Solis was also elected, becoming the Vice Chair of the General Committee on Democracy, Human Rights and Humanitarian Questions, which is responsible for addressing humanitarian and-related threats to security and serves as a forum for examining the potential for cooperation within these areas. She joins Senator Cardin, whose term as Vice President extends until 2009, and Congressman Hastings as OSCE PA President Emeritus, in ensuring active U.S. engagement in the Assembly’s proceedings for the coming year.
The OSCE PA concluded with adoption of the Kyiv Declaration which included a series of concrete recommendations for strengthening action in several fields including migration, energy and environmental security, combating anti-Semitism and other forms of intolerance throughout the OSCE region and promoting democracy in Belarus. The declaration also addresses a number of military security concerns, including an expression of regret at the lack of progress in resolving so-called “frozen conflicts” in the OSCE region based on the principal of territorial integrity, especially those within Moldova and Georgia. For the full text of the Kyiv Declaration, please visit.
The Seventeenth Annual Session of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly will be held early next July in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Other U.S. Delegation Activities
While in Kyiv, the U.S. Delegation met with Ukrainian President Yushchenko for lengthy talks on bilateral issues, his country’s aspirations for further Euro-Atlantic integration, energy security, international support for dealing with the after affects of Chornobyl, and challenges to Ukraine’s sovereignty and democratic development. The President discussed the political situation in Ukraine and the development of the May 27 agreement that provides for pre-term parliamentary elections scheduled for September 30, 2007.
The Delegation also visited and held wreath-laying ceremonies at two significant sites in the Ukrainian capital: the Babyn Yar Memorial, commemorating the more than 100,000 Ukrainians killed during World War II – including 33,000 Jews from Kyiv that were shot in a two-day period in September 1941; and the Famine Genocide Memorial (1932-33) dedicated to the memory of the millions of Ukrainians starved to death by Stalin’s Soviet regime in the largest man-made famine of the 20th century.
Members of the delegation also traveled to the Chornobyl exclusion zone and visited the site where on April 26, 1986, the fourth reactor of the Chornbyl Nuclear Power Plant exploded, resulting in the world’s worst nuclear accident. While in the zone, the delegation visited the abandoned city of Prypiat, the once bustling residence of 50,000 located a short distance from the nuclear plant. Members toured the Chornobyl facilities and discussed ongoing economic and environmental challenges with local experts and international efforts to find a durable solution to the containment of large quantities of radioactive materials still located at the plant.
Advancing U.S. Interests
Summarizing the activities of the U.S. Delegation, Chairman Hastings commented on the successful advancement of U.S. interests. Specifically, the Chairman noted the delegation “represented the wonderful diversity of the United States population” and “highlighted a diversity of opinion on numerous issues.” Moreover, he concluded it advocated “a common hope to make the world a better place, not just for Americans but for all humanity,” thereby helping “to counter the negative image many have about our country. “In a dangerous world, we should all have an interest in strengthening our country’s friendships and alliances as well as directly raising, through frank conversation, our concerns with those countries where our relations are stained or even adversarial,” Chairman Hastings asserted.
In order to put the recommendations of the PA into action, the members of the U.S. delegation wrote a letter to Secretary of State Rice, asking that the State Department press several issues within the OSCE in Vienna in the run-up to the November Ministerial Council meeting. First, the State Department should ensure that the role of the Parliamentary Assembly is increased in the overall activities of the OSCE. Second, the OSCE should increase concrete activities to fight anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia, including against Muslims and Roma. Third, The OSCE should strengthen its work on combating trafficking in persons and fighting sexual exploitation of children. Fourth, the OSCE should support and protect the work of human rights defenders and NGOs. Lastly, the OSCE should step up dialogue on energy security issues.
<|endofexample|>
(Washington) - Following the lead of the United States Helsinki Commission, 35 Members of the United States Congress have written President George W. Bush, urging him to use the upcoming Group of 8 (G-8) summit in France to draw attention to a resurgence of anti-Semitism and related violence throughout Europe and the United States.
“As the G-8 summit provides a timely opportunity to address political as well as economic issues facing societies represented and the wider international community, we respectfully urge you to raise this matter of mutual, international concern, and seek a joint commitment to work closely together to counter this disturbing trend,” the Members wrote.
“The G-8 summit provides an important and extraordinary occasion for leaders to discuss international issues of the day, and we hope you will take the opportunity to set anti-Semitism as an international priority,” the Members added. Senator Gordon Smith (R-OR), Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-GA), Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton (D-NY), Rep. Zach Wamp (R-TN), Rep. Robert B. Aderholt (R-AL), Rep. Benjamin L. Cardin (D-MD), Rep. Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL).
Other Members signing were Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-MD), Senator Jim Bunning (R-KY), Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL), Senator Evan Bayh (D-IN), Senator Larry E. Craig (R-ID), Senator Byron L. Dorgan (D-ND), Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY), Senator Frank R. Lautenberg (D-NJ), Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA), Rep. Joseph Crowley (D-NY), Rep. Jo Ann Davis (R-VA), Rep. Gary L. Ackerman (D-NY), Rep. Timothy J. Ryan (D-OH), Rep. Carolyn B. Maloney (D-NY), Rep. Brad Carson (D-OK), Rep. Eliot Engel (D-NY), Rep. Martin Frost (D-TX), Rep. Joseph M. Hoeffel (D-PA), Rep. Henry A. Waxman (D-CA), Rep. Jim Saxton (R-NJ), Rep. Betty McCollum (D-MN), Rep. Nita Lowey (D-NY), and Rep. Edward J. Markey (D-MA).
A joint, public commitment from the political leaders, reflected in the summit communique, will bolster further efforts to eradicate anti-Semitism and deliver an unmistakable message to those who would promote bigotry and hatred, according to the letter.
The full text of the letter may be accessed through the Helsinki Commission’s Internet web site,.
“We fully understand the problem, as the United States is not immune from sporadic acts of vandalism and violence against members of the Jewish community and their institutions,” the Commissioners wrote. “With your leadership we are confident that a strong and vigorous coalition will be formed to fight.
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON—U.S. Senator Benjamin L. Cardin (D-MD), Chairman of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission) and a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee (SFRC) today said the prospect of expanding NATO to include Bosnia-Herzegovina should motivate the country to make constitutional and political reforms needed to fit into the alliance.
“As a member and now chairman of the Helsinki Commission, I have watched the Balkans go from a period of conflict and genocide in the 1990s to the progress we have seen in recent years,” Chairman Cardin said. “NATO played a vital, historic role in responding to the many challenges in the Balkans, and the Alliance should continue to bring positive change to the region by offering membership to additional Western Balkan countries that meet the criteria and can contribute to collective security. This includes Bosnia-Herzegovina, despite the problems that country faces today, which can only be remedied by constitutional reform. Preparing for NATO may be one of the best means for Bosnia to overcome its internal divisions.”
Senator Cardin spoke at an SFRC hearing about the future of NATO and transatlantic security, which featured testimony from former Secretary of State Madeline K. Albright and other witnesses. The Helsinki Commission held hearings on the Balkans this year, and Senator Cardin led a congressional delegation to Sarajevo in June.
Albania and Croatia became NATO Allies in.
<|endofexample|>
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring to the attention of my colleagues disturbing news about
the presidential elections in Kazakstan last month, and the general prospects for democratization in that country. that
[Page: E260] GPO's PDF
only real issue was whether his official vote tally would be in the 90s--typical for post-Soviet Central Asian
dictatorships--or the 80s, which would have signaled a bit of sensitivity to Western and OSCE sensibilities. Any
suspense the election might have offered vanished when the Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling barring the
candidacy of Nazarbaev's sole plausible challenger, former Prime Minister Akezhan Kazhegeldin, on whom many
oppositionsakstan's economic decline and fears of running for reelection in 2000, when the situation will presumably be even
much worse. Another reason to hold elections now was anxiety about the uncertainties in Russia, where a new president,
with whom Nazarbaev does not have long-established relations, will be elected in 2000 and may adopt a more
aggressive attitude towards Kazak call in December for the election's postponement, as conditions for holding
free and fair elections did not exist. Ultimately, ODIHR refused to send a full-fledged observer delegation, as it generally
does, to monitor an election. Instead, ODIHR dispatched to Kazstan benefited by comparison.
In the last few years, however, the nature of Nazarbaev's regime has become ever more apparent. He has over the last
decade concentrated all power in his hands, subordinating to himself all other branches and institutions of government.
His apparent years.
Moreover, since 1996-97, Kazstan, especially oil and pipeline issues, the State
Department has issued a series of critical statements since the announcement last October of pre-term elections. These
statements have not had any apparent effect. In fact, on November 23, Vice President Gore called President Nazarbaev
to voice U.S. concerns about the election. Nazarbaev responded the next day, when the Supreme Court--which he
controls completely--finally excluded Kazhegeldin. On January 12, the State Department echoed the ODIHR's harsh
assessment of the election, adding that it had ``cast a shadow on bilateral relations.''
What's ahead? Probably more of the same. Parliamentary elections are slated for October 1999, although there are
indications that they, too, may be held before schedule or put off another year. A new political party is emerging, which
presumably will be President Nazarbaev's vehicle for controlling the legislature and monopolizing the political process.
The Ministry of Justice on February 3 effectively turned down the request for registration by the Republican People's
Party, headed by Akezhan Kazhegeldin, signaling Nazarbaev's resolve to bar his rival from legal political activity in
Kaz
co-chair, plans to hold hearings on the situation in Kazakstan and Central Asia to discuss what options the United States
has to convey the Congress's disappointment and to encourage developments in Kazakstan and the region towards
genuine democratization.
<|endofexample|>
98 members
128 members
182 members
208 members
Posted on April 18, 2012 at 1:45pm 0 Comments 0 Likes
Posted on December 19, 2011 at 10:50am 0 Comments 0 Likes
Some Christmas spirit passed thru our little Furry Friends Inc. store this past Saturday, and I couldn't help but tell you the story about ordinary people do extraordinary things. A young woman, Anita, came into the store with her family in tow...2 little girls, probably 4 and 7 years old while her husband waited in the car. Anita announced to me they had saved $250 in their Christmas budget to…Continue
<|endofexample|>
ALAMEDA -- Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie met with seven reporters at the team complex Thursday to go over the team's 4-12 season and his plans for the immediate future, which includes hiring coaches to fill out Dennis Allen's coaching staff and preparing for the upcoming Senior Bowl in Mobile, Ala. The Raiders leave for Alabama on Saturday with practices beginning Monday and the game on Jan. 26.
Expect a full transcript later, but a few highlights of McKenzie's 42-plus minute meeting with media members, his first public comments since Nov. 30.
* McKenzie said the search for an offensive coordinator is "winding down" and acknowledged speaking with Norv Turner and Marc Trestman about the gig.
* McKenzie, on if Allen was married to zone-blocking scheme and if team learned from failure: "I don't think Dennis was married to a scheme. He saw a scheme that he was interested in, and liked what it had to offer. To me, it's not about scheme -- people get so tied up in scheme, it's how you use your players and how you execute.
* McKenzie on the salary cap issues: "Personally, I think we're year away from that. We're not in a salary cap situation like last year, but we still have issues and have some decisions that have to be made before free agency, or when free agency starts. So, we're not out of the woods, by any stretch. But, we are better off than last year.
* McKenzie, on if cutting Rolando McClain would have been a salary cap hit: "There's always acceleration with anybody you've got money tied into."
* McKenzie also said he was "confident" Darren McFadden would play the final year of his contract in Oakland in 2013. "When you talk about being productive, when you talk about offensively moving the ball, scoring points, getting some plays out of your big-play guys, you've got to find ways to let him do what he does best. We didn't. We didn't do that…when Darren is running certain plays, it's pretty doggone good, and which he had some last year. But when you talk about a scheme, he's not a lateral mover. He's not one of those guys. As soon as he can go north and south, that's when he's at his best."
* McKenzie, on what he saw in Terrelle Pryor: "What I did see was Terrelle that I was pleased with, he protected the ball in the game when you have snapping issues, even with handing off, the ball slipping, protecting when you’re being rushed, he protected the ball. That was a plus for me. To see that and to see snap count, the offensive linemen getting used to his cadence and him getting the plays out and emotions and all the little things that he has to do to make sure there were no issues with penalties before the ball is snapped. Now, obviously, you can see the plays, and when things break down, where he can kind of create and do some things. But he had a chance to make some throws and he did pretty good. I was encouraged. Hopefully the new offensive coordinator will find a way to see what he can do best during this offseason and see what he looks like in preseason games."
* McKenzie, on Carson Palmer's health: "He’s coming around. He’s doing much better. He’s healing up fine. That’s the reports I got, earlier this week, as of Monday, he’s doing fine."
* McKenzie, on if he will keep the No. 3 pick: "I won’t get into what we’ll do. I’m not tied down to anything in January. I’m sure my mind will change so many times before April. But it will be interesting to see what happens."
* McKenzie, on Mark Davis' mood at end of season: "Me and Mark we talk all the time. His concerns were as mine. How are we going to get better, mainly offensively. We talked about players, we talked about everything. Nobody is happy with a four-win season. Let’s get that straight. It was more at the end we were talking about how we were going to upgrade. We didn’t dwell on the negative if that’s what you’re asking. We’re talking about, ‘OK, what’s the plan.’ That’s where we were."
* McKenzie said right guard Mike Brisiel had "major surgery" on an ankle, while right tackle Khalif Barnes had a procedure on an arm and linebacker Miles Burris had a knee procedure.
* McKenzie, on Allen's first year as a head coach: "I thought what he did with his team to try to create a culture in that locker room, to get those players to believe we're making a change here, to try to do things the right way, and the way we practiced, the way we approached games, I thought he did a really good job, getting these players to buy into what we're doing. Talking to these players, guys are looking forward to getting back, and that's what it's all about. You want a good response to a head coach, how he's leading a team and how they're following him. And I was very pleased by the way he led the team. And I was proud the way he identified the issues and attacked them. He didn't just continue to run this offense and make it work, keep this guy, keep this guy- he evaluated it, said okay, he stood up, and said okay, we're going to make a change. And he did that. But I like the way he led this team. They way the defense played, especially at the end, it was encouraging. So, I see much better things in the future. I mean he's a rookie coach, I am a rookie GM, but for a rookie coach I like the way he led this team."
* McKenzie, on his Super Bowl pick: "Guess it's got to be…go with everyone else. I got to put my money on Tom Brady."
<|endofexample|>
PayPal says it's time to ditch passwords and PINs
PayPal CISO Michael Barrett took the keynote stage at Interop to announce the impending death of passwords and their replacement with more robust authentication protocols based on an open standard. Apple may lead the way with its next iPhone.
Box brings in Yahoo! CISO to build trust
Cloud content sharing firm Box has hired three industry veterans to help bolster its operations.
CS-Cart v3.0.4 has PayPal ‘buy without paying’ glitch
E-commerce merchants using shopping cart software CS-Cart version 3.0.4 and earlier are vulnerable to a flaw that allows fraudsters to buy goods without paying for them.
Despite hopeful initiatives, demise of passwords years away
FIDO Alliance, DARPA vow to create better authentication, but new systems will have to attract users and providers, say security pros
Startup Nok Nok Labs pitches strong new authentication process
Nok Nok Labs officially opened its doors today to introduce client/server-based technology proposed as an innovative foundation for flexible, strong multi-factor security that can be used in e-commerce, Web services or the enterprise.
How a Mobile Payment Service Can Grow Your Online Business
- FTSenior Field Engineer - MSNSW
- FTTechnical Account Manager - MSP + CloudVIC
- FTTest Analyst (MS Environment) .netNSW
- FTTest EngineerVIC
- FTTest Analyst (MS Environment) .netNSW
- FT.NET - Sitecore Developer - Melbourne - PermNSW
- FTSenior Projects EngineerNSW
- FTR&D EngineerSA
- FTQuality ManagerSA
- FTSenior Python DeveloperNSW
- FTSenior E-Commerce PHP Developer- North Sydney- E-commerce Software $110kNSW
- FTOS Web Applications DeveloperNSW
- FTSenior Python DeveloperNSW
- FTLead Software EngineerSA
- FTWeb Developer- Drupal and PHP. Exciting new position- #2 in Dev team.$100k+SuperNSW
- FTSnr Web Developer PHP/Magento/API integration into E-commerce sites. $100k+SuperN.
<|endofexample|>
Beginners
Synthesis
Processing
Real-Time
Features
AXCsound
Composing
Ecological Modeling
Departments
Links
Editorial
Contribute
Back Issues
Hans Mikelson
hljmm@werewolf.net
delay.orc delay.sco
Introduction
Delay or echo is one of the simplest and most commonly used sound effects. It is also the basis for almost all other effects such as chorus, flanging and phasing. Even digital filtering and waveguide physical modeling is based on delays. This article describes using delays to create echo effects.
Using Zak
There are two typical ways to use sound effects with Csound. Using the Zak opcodes and using global variables. I always use the Zak system because it is much more flexible. I will describe briefly how to use it here without going into too much detail. The Zak system is like having an array of global variables. These variables are referenced by number instead of by name. There are actually two arrays, one for i-rate and k-rate signals and the other for a-rate signals. Before the Zak system can be used it must be initialized to allocate space for the arrays. This is done using the zakinit statement which is usually placed just after the other initial statements for sample rate, control rate, etc. In the following statement space is allocated for 50 audio channels and 50 control channels.
zakinit 50,50
The Zak channels are written to using a statement such as
zawm asig, ichannel
and read from using
asig zar ichannel
In this case asig is the audio signal and ichannel would be a number from 0 to 49 which is usually passed as a p-field to the instrument. The 'm' indicates that the new audio signal is to be mixed with the current contents of the channel. This is needed if more than one instance of the instrument writing to the Zak channel is running at the same time for example when a chord is played. If zawm is used it is usually necessary to clear the channel after it is read from. This is done with zacl. I usually create an instrument numbered 99 where I clear all of the Zak channels when I am using the Zak system. I leave this instrument on for the entire duration of the piece or at least as long as I run any instruments using zawm.
instr 99
zacl 0, 50 ; Clear the audio channels
zkcl 0, 50 ; Clear the control channels
endin
Simple delays
Sound effects are usually written as separate instruments. The sound effect instrument is turned on during the entire time it is used while the instrument generating the sound may be called many times. Below is an example of a simple delay.
instr 10
idur = p3 ; Duration
iamp = p4 ; Amplitude
itime = p5 ; Delay time
iinch = p6 ; Input channel
; Declick envelope
aamp linseg 0, .002, iamp, idur-.004, iamp, .002, 0
asig zar iinch ; Read from the zak channel
adel delay asig, itime ; Delay the signal
outs adel*aamp, adel*aamp ; Output the delayed signal
endin
Figure 1
Flowchart for a simple delay.
The signal asig is delayed by itime seconds. A de-click envelope is used to prevent sudden cut-off of the signal which can occur when the signal is delayed. The generating instrument is responsible for producing the non-delayed sound. This instrument produces only a single echo. Following is a call to this instrument which will generate a half second delay at half the volume of the original sound.
; Sta Dur Amp Time InCh
i10 0 3 .5 .5 1
A slap-back echo can be created by calling instrument 10 with a loud echo and a short delay time such as
; Sta Dur Amp Time InCh
i10 0 3 .9 .1 1
Instrument 11 illustrates how the delay opcode may be used to generate feedback delays or regenerative delays.
instr 11
idur = p3 ; Duration
iamp = p4 ; Amplitude
itime = p5 ; Delay time
ifdbk = p6 ; Feedback amount
iinch = p7 ; Input channel
adel init 0 ; Initialize adel to zero
; Declick envelope
aamp linseg 0, .002, iamp, idur-.004, iamp, .002, 0
asig zar iinch ; Read from the zak channel
adel delay asig + adel*ifdbk, itime ; Delay the signal
outs adel*aamp, adel*aamp ; Output the delayed signal
endin
Figure 2
Flowchart for a simple delay with feedback.
The first step when generating a feedback delay is to intialize adel to zero. The init statement is executed at i-time only. If adel is not initialized Csound will complain when it appears on the right side of the delay opcode.
; Sta Dur Amp Time Fdbk InCh
i11 0 4 .5 .5 .5 1
Stereo Delay
A short delay of 20-30 milliseconds can be used to give a stereo effect to a monophonic sound.
instr 2
idur = p3 ; Duration
iamp = p4 ; Amplitude
ifqc = cpspch(p5) ; Pitch
ioutch = p6 ; Output channel
istdel = p7 ; Stereo delay
; Declick envelope
aamp linseg 0, .002, 1, idur-.004, 1, .002, 0
; Generate a plucked tone
asig pluck iamp, ifqc, ifqc, 0, 1
;asig fmwurlie iamp, ifqc, 1, 1.2, .02, .6, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1
aout = asig*aamp
adel delay aout, istdel ; Delay 30 msec.
outs aout, adel*aamp ; Output stereo
endin
Figure 3
Flowchart for a stereo effect.
This instrument would be called with
; Sta Dur Amp Pitch OutCh Delay
i2 0 .25 15000 8.04 1 .030
Multi-tap delays
The next instrument can be used to create a multi-tap delay. The delay times and levels are sent to the instrument in tables to make a flexible instrument.
instr 13
idur = p3 ; Duration
iamp = p4 ; Amplitude
itime = p5 ; Delay time
iinch = p6 ; Input channel
itabt = p7 ; Deltap time table
itabv = p8 ; Deltap volume table
; Declick envelope
aamp linseg 0, .002, iamp, idur-.004, iamp, .002, 0
asig zar iinch ; Read from the zak channel
atmp delayr itime ; Read the delay line
it0 table 0, itabt ; Delay time 0
it1 table 1, itabt ; Delay time 1
it2 table 2, itabt ; Delay time 2
it3 table 3, itabt ; Delay time 3
it4 table 4, itabt ; Delay time 4
it5 table 5, itabt ; Delay time 5
it6 table 6, itabt ; Delay time 6
it7 table 7, itabt ; Delay time 7
iv0 table 0, itabv ; Delay 0 volume
iv1 table 1, itabv ; Delay 1 volume
iv2 table 2, itabv ; Delay 2 volume
iv3 table 3, itabv ; Delay 3 volume
iv4 table 4, itabv ; Delay 4 volume
iv5 table 5, itabv ; Delay 5 volume
iv6 table 6, itabv ; Delay 6 volume
iv7 table 7, itabv ; Delay 7 volume
at0 deltap it0 ; Delay tap 0
at1 deltap it1 ; Delay tap 1
at2 deltap it2 ; Delay tap 2
at3 deltap it3 ; Delay tap 3
at4 deltap it4 ; Delay tap 4
at5 deltap it5 ; Delay tap 5
at6 deltap it6 ; Delay tap 6
at7 deltap it7 ; Delay tap 7
delayw asig*aamp ; Write to the delay line
; Add up the delays and scale by the volumes
adel = at0*iv0+at1*iv1+at2*iv2+at3*iv3+at4*iv4+at5*iv5+at6*iv6+at7*iv7
outs adel*aamp, adel*aamp ; Output the delayed signal
endin
The following tables and instrument call creates a "bouncing ball" echo.
f2 0 8 -8 .2 3 .6 5 1
f3 0 8 -8 1 2 .4 6 .1
; Multitap delay
; Sta Dur Amp MaxTime InCh TapTimTab TapVolTab
i13 0 4 1 2 1 2 3
It should be easy to create a variety of multi-tap delays with this instrument.
Stereo Delays
The next instrument is a simple stereo delay
adell delay asigl + adell*ifdbkl, itiml ; Delay the signal
adelr delay asigr + adelr*ifdbkr, itimr ; Delay the signal
outs adell*aamp, adelr*aamp ; Output the delayed signal
This instrument merely uses separate signals and delays for right and left channels. The next step is to add some cross-feedback so that the right channel can feed into the left channel and the left channel can feed into the right
asavl = adell ; Save the left delay for cross feedback
adell delay asigl + adell*ifdbkl + adelr*ixfbl, itiml ; Delay the signal
adelr delay asigr + adelr*ifdbkr + asavl*ixfbr, itimr ; Delay the signal
You have to remember to save the left delayed signal before you overwrite it with the left delay opcode. The saved version is then used for cross-feedback. The following call to this instrument implements a ping-pong delay. The sound bounces from one speaker to the other with a ping-pong delay.
; Sta Dur Amp TimL FdbkL XFdbkL TimR FdbkR XFdbkR InChL InChR
i15 0 6 .8 .2 0 .8 .2 0 .8 1 2
Figure 4
Flowchart for a stereo cross-feedback delay.
Conclusion
The small sampling of delay examples I present in this article are by no means exhaustive. Variable delays lead to effects such as flanging and chorus, a filter can be added in the feedback path of a delay to create an analog delay sound. Combining slowly variable delays with filtering and multiple cross-feedback paths can be used to create smooth efficient reverbs. These topics will have to wait for a future article.
Bibliography
Stewart, David. July 1999. "An Introduction to Delay and Echo." Keyboard. pp. 72-74. Miller Freeman.
<|endofexample|>
In his outstanding. Focusing on the intersection of these three circles he calls the Hedgehog Concept.) He further states, "A culture of discipline is not just about action. It is about getting disciplined people...who engage in disciplined thought and...who then take disciplined action." Since he is vague about how you actually make this happen, why don't we take a crack at it?
First, let's define what we mean by "disciplined people."
So, we want our organization to be "full of self-disciplined people." The most important such person is the CEO, who exhibits not only self-discipline but ideally also models and practices the other attributes of Collin's "Level 5 Executive" (see Chapter 2). We also need to recruit and/or raise up a host of other disciplined adults.
Recruiting disciplined people requires a well-tuned filtering process that not only determines if there is a fit of the candidate's skill sets and passions with the job requirements of the organization but also determines whether the candidate is self-disciplined. We can take a cue as to how to do this from the recruiting process used by the football program of an academically elite Division 3 university with needs for self-disciplined candidates similar to our organization. Their process attempts to determine through hard and soft measurement what the candidates have attempted and accomplished in their previous academic and athletic careers. Naturally, this involves study of high school football statistics and personal interviews by the coaching staff of both the candidates and their coaches and teachers. However, it goes even deeper by looking at less obvious things like the load and difficulty of the courses they took and other activities they pursued and their success. They also listen carefully to the language (including body language) used by the candidate to describe their previous career. They listen for those words and practices (or the absence thereof) that relate positively or negatively to self-discipline and other key character traits--words and practices such as "daily," "commitment," "sacrifice," "dedication," "off-season training activities," "jobs" etc. We can use an analogous approach. We would look for the evidence and language that strongly suggest that the candidate practices the Seven Habits of Highly Effective People codified by Stephen Covey, particularly the following:
Once the person is recruited, we have the opportunity to complete the job of building discipline, manifest in both thought and action, through our leadership and with our systems. This requires that we devote almost fanatical attention to modeling discipline, setting clear expectations, reviewing performance, assigning developmental jobs and rewarding disciplined behavior and contributions to a whole culture of discipline. As leaders, we must also step up to the responsibility to weed out those who are either unable or unwilling to rise to the desired level. Perhaps our most important role of all is capturing the wholehearted commitment of the person by helping them realize that their passions align with the mission of the organization. We can then promote their application of the Hedgehog Concept to themselves personally and help them lift their skills and passions to a whole new level. When applied to all of our people, we move the entire organization toward Great.
So, a culture of discipline with all of the key people on the Hedgehog Concept bandwagon has tremendous transformational power. Can we achieve it? I believe we can. How? By discipline!
Tom Ambler is a Senior Consultant with Center for Simplified Strategic Planning, Inc.
He can be reached via e-mail at
© Copyright 2013 by Center for Simplified Strategic Planning, Inc. Ann Arbor, MI -- Reprint permission granted with full attribution.
<|endofexample|>
- Don Dorsey x2835
fmi - Don Cameron x2962
fmi - Don Cameron x2962
fmi - x5679 or x3051.
fmi - x2350
fmi - (818)407-7848
fmi - Bill Foster, A.S. General Manager, x2477
fmi - x3102
fmi - x2962
Historian Sheldon Harris, CSUN professor emeritus, will speak on the significance of the exhibit at a reception on Fri., Feb. 16, from 5:30 to 7 pm in the Oviatt lobby. He will also sign copies of his book "Factories of Death: Japanese Biological Warfare, 1931-1945 and the American Cover-up."
fmi - x2600 or x2832
fmi - Daniele Dibie x4769
fmi - x2077
fmi - Amy Reichbach x3683
fmi - Janet Kestenbaum x3685
fmi - UCS Office, University Park Apartments, Bldg. 14, 4th floor
fmi - Patti Dengler (818) 772-0196.
fmi - Lili Vidal x2106
fmi - ed_nelson@csufresno.edu or (209) 278-2275
fmi - Elizabeth Berry x2857 or Cynthia Desrochers x7892
<|endofexample|>
Thursday, February 21, 2013
5:30pm to 7:30pm
Monte Ahuja College of Business
1860 E. 18th Street, BU 118 (First floor auditorium)
Cleveland, OH 44115
Join us for an interactive panel discussion with marketing research industry professionals:
5:30pm-6:00pm: Networking Reception
6:00pm-6:15pm: Opening Remarks
6:15pm-7:15pm: Panel Discussion
7:15pm-7:30pm: Q&A
Light refreshments will be provided
Parking is available starting at 5:00pm in the West Garage (WG) at 1851 E. 17th St. on a space permitting basis for $8.00. The West Garage is attached to the Monte Ahuja College of Business.
Additional parking is available:
South Garage (SG), 2101 E. 21st St.
Student Center (Lot 22), 2121 Euclid Ave.
Playhouse Square public lots
<|endofexample|>
Overview
Office of Doctoral Studies
College of Education Building, Room 364
(909) 537-5651 edd.csusb.edu please visit our website. Doctor of Education in Educational Leadership
For official information please refer to the university catalog.
<|endofexample|>
This is the first part of the two-volume manuscript entitled al-Harb `ala al-Islam: Qissat Fadil Harun posted on the website Shabakat Ansar al-Mujahidin on 26 February 2009. It is authored by Fadil Harun (also known as Fazul `Abdallah Muhammad) who was an al-Qa`ida operative until he was killed on 7 June 2011. He was the lead planner of the 1998 East Africa bombings that targeted U.S. embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam, following which he claims to have been appointed al-Qa`ida’s “Confidential Secretary” (amin sirr al-qa`ida). The manuscript is a mix of diary and autobiography; he decided to post it online to serve as a “history of the jihadis in my time as I witnessed it,” and in particular “about al-Qa`ida…to make clear to everyone the sincerity and uprightness of al-Qa`ida’s path with respect to jihad and other religious, worldly and political issues.” Based on content analysis of the manuscript, it is likely that the bulk of the writing of the first volume was undertaken between 2003 and late 2004, when he was hiding from Kenyan authorities, following his involvement in the 2002 Mombasa attacks that targeted the Israeli owned Paradise Hotel and fired at, but narrowly missed an Israeli airplane that was taking off. Harun began writing the second volume on 26 February 2007, and continued to record events until 2 January 2009, most likely while he was based in East Africa.
The Arabic manuscript is hereby released with the publication of this report. The CTC does not have an English translation of the manuscript and Nelly Lahoud’s report is based on her reading of the original Arabic. If the CTC received an English translation from a government agency in the future, it would make it available on its website.
<|endofexample|>
Do you recognize the diagram below? You should, because it represents the productivity of your machine tools. It’s a stability lobe diagram and it summarizes cutting performance in metal-removal operations. This specific diagram was made for milling with a 2-flute carbide endmill in a 40-taper shrink-fit holder in a 7,200-rpm machining center. It was made for a particular radial DOC (in this case slotting) in 7050 T-7451 aluminum.
A typical stability lobe diagram.
The cutting conditions in red-shaded areas will cause chatter, characterized by heavy vibration, tool damage, poor surface quality and scrapped workpieces. The conditions in the white areas will be stable, producing no chatter.
When spindle speed is low enough, less than about 800 rpm in this case, it is possible to take large axial DOCs without causing chatter. As spindle speed increases, the chatter-free axial DOC decreases, in this case to about 0.3 " in the 1,600-rpm range. Any slots deeper than this will cause chatter. As the spindle speed increases further, the permissible axial DOC increases again, but only in specific spindle speed ranges. For example, there are large, stable pockets around 4,800 to 4,900 rpm, around 5,600 to 5,700 rpm and around 6,700 to 6,800 rpm. There will be another pocket near 8,400 rpm as well, but that is higher than the top speed of this spindle.
At the best of these speeds, the axial DOC can be more than four times higher than at the worst speeds. The metal-removal rate and the machine productivity can be greatly increased by using the right spindle speed. The stable pockets get taller and wider as the spindle speed increases, which is one of the major factors driving machine tool builders and users toward high-speed machining.
A stability lobe diagram like this one can be created for every tool in every toolholder in every machine. I say “like this one” because although all stability lobe diagrams have similar characteristics, details differ for each application because assembled structures differ.
Chatter arises from a dynamic interaction between the cutting process and the machine structure. The machine structure is stiff, but not infinitely so. As the cutting tool’s teeth pass the workpiece, deflections between the tool and workpiece leave an imprint, or waviness, on the surface. The following teeth encounter the waviness and experience a variable cutting force, which causes vibration and leaves another wavy surface. Depending on the characteristics of the assembled structure and on the cutting conditions, the waviness can get worse, producing chatter, or it can improve, becoming more stable.
Knowing where the “good” speeds are and knowing the permissible DOCs can allow operators to double or triple mrr without any modification of the existing tools, toolholders or the machine. However, nearly every part of the machine structure plays a role in the specific appearance of the stability lobe diagram, including the:
• length and diameter of the tool,
• number of cutting edges,
• tool/toolholder interface,
• toolholder style,
• toolholder/spindle interface,
• drawbar force,
• size, material and arrangement of the spindle bearings,
• maximum spindle speed, and
• torque and power curves. lobe diagram..
The stability lobe diagram controls the performance of milling and many other metal-removal operations. Without the stability lobe diagram, machine tool users are guessing, and guessing represents a huge productivity loss. Trial-and-error programming, selection of unproductive cuts, scrap and damage to the machine are the hidden costs of insufficient information. Competitive shops need stability data for all their tools in all their machines. Stability lobe diagrams are a powerful key to unlocking the full potential of machine tools. (Note: Future columns will examine the information needed to create stability lobe diagrams and how shops can develop them or have them developed.) CTE
<|endofexample|>
OUR HISTORY
For 84 years, we were the only statewide agency offering protective services to children until the State of Connecticut developed the Dept. of Children and Families in 1965. At this point, our primary focus shifted to animals. Over the years we have built a staff of caring professionals, recruited a corps of dedicated volunteers, developed a humane education initiative and entered into the public affairs arena.Our first office was in the basement of a building at the corner of Prospect and Grove Streets in Hartford. As the need for our unique services of protection to man and animals grew, it became apparent quite early in our history that expansion was necessary. Within a short period of time we moved our headquarters to 300 Washington Street where it remained for over 30 years. In 1900 our first branch office was opened in New Haven and shortly thereafter branches were established in Bridgeport, New London and Stamford. Today we have full-service branches located in Newington, Waterford and Westport and we operate cat adoption centers at select retail locations throughout the state.In 1959, we moved our headquarters to 701 Russell Road, Newington, CT. In 1998, a new 30,000 square-foot, state-of-the-art shelter and Pet Wellness Medical Center (The Fox Memorial Clinic) was completed and the old headquarters building was demolished. The new facility more than tripled our capacity to care for unwanted and abused pets, and allows the Society to offer improved and expanded services to pets and their owners. The Fox Clinic, officially opening for business in April of 1999, offers top quality wellness care, catastrophic care, spay/neuter services and vaccinations. The fees charged at the clinic are less than the standard prices charged at other veterinary hospitals in Connecticut, as one of Fox’s missions is to provide services for pet owners who cannot otherwise afford veterinary treatment.In 2003, we purchased a newly designed Mobile Adoption Center (MAC) immediately put the vehicle into service. MAC has appeared at events throughout the state for the purposes of promoting our programs, adoptions, and conducting vaccine clinics. During the 2005 hurricane season, MAC served in a disaster response capacity in Gonzales, LA. In 2004, the newly renovated Westport branch re-opened for business. The redesign of the facility triples the capacity to care for pets and also provides for an in-house medical facility, which will further expedite the shelter’s ability to provide immediate medical care to the pets that are searching for new homes. In 2011 we moved into our new Waterford Animal Care and Adoption Center. The building replaced the one that has served the animals in the Waterford community for 40 years. The new animal care center is double the size of the old facility. It includes some of the latest animal care features used to house large numbers of animals with unknown health histories in an intensive housing environment. The cat housing areas now feature condos that are increased in size, separate spaces for the litter pan and colony rooms where cats can enjoy a cage free environment. The indoor/outdoor dog runs now feature plate glass doors and radiant heating which not only make the cages easier to sanitize but also allow the dogs to select the part of the living space that suits his or her comfort zone. In addition, we have crafted a very sophisticated yet uncomplicated air system to provide wholesome fresh air within the facility. This feature speaks directly to maintaining health in any kind of animal housing facility. There are many other features we have added that relate directly to improved animal care and adoption services.Throughout our history, the Connecticut Humane Society has remained at the forefront of the animal welfare industry, enriching the lives of the citizens and animals of our great state. With the powerful human-animal bond at the heart of our work, our organization, envisioned by Ms. Lewis, continues to evolve and expand to serve the needs of our society and to plan for the future.
<|endofexample|>
Iranian politicians, civil servants warned against airing woes in public
In this Monday, Oct. 15, 2012 photo, released by an official website of the Iranian supreme leader's office, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei listens to a speaker during a meeting on a tour of northeastern Iran. (Office of the Iranian Supreme Leader)
Published Wednesday, October 31, 2012 12:14PM EDT
Last Updated Wednesday, October 31, 2012 10:45PM EDT
TEHRAN, Iran --" behaviour,.".
Share this story:
<|endofexample|>
Cardinals Split Against Shenandoah and Hood
Cardinals Split Against Shenandoah and Hood
9/19/2009
SHENANDOAH, Va.- The Catholic University women's tennis team went 1-1 against non-conference foes Shenandoah and Hood on Saturday afternoon. With the split, CUA now stands at 2-1 on the year.
The Cardinals first faced Shenandoah University on their home court. Marjorie Sellinger (Stonington, Conn.) was once again a tough force for the Red and Black, winning her #1 singles match against Briana Malley (6-1, 6-3). Rosemary Lee Montani (Lewiston, N.Y.) garnered the only other singles win for the squad with a victory over Candace Sullivan (6-3, 6-4).
CUA then headed to face Hood College, where the team defeated their opponent 6-3. Margaux Blaux (Phoenixville, Pa.) and Theresa Nadareski (New Paltz, N.Y.) won each of their matches (6-3, 1-0; 6-3, 2-0, respectively).
The doubles combination of Gretchen Coombs (Yardley, Pa.) and Allison Tontz (San Diego, Calif.) earned a stellar win for the Cards, overcoming their Hood opponents 8-1.
CUA will travel to St. Mary's (Md.) on Saturday, September 26th for a 12 p.m., match.
<|endofexample|>
490-900-0045
Universal Oil Filter Wrench removes 2 1/4" to 3 1/4" diameter oil filters. Features an adjustable heavy-duty metal band and multi-angle swivel handle for use in narrow places. Also features a coated comfort grip and high quality anti-rust black finish.
- Can't find your part?
Use our Illustrated Parts Lookup tool.
<|endofexample|>
Satechi Makes The Cutest USB Surge Protector, Like, Ever
S. [emphasis added]
Even if you don’t need a surge protector, you could probably do with a USB adapter which doesn’t hog a whole power outlet to itself, and the Satechi unit delivers there, with its cute little pass-through socket. Better still, it’ll cost you just $10, which makes the alternatives seem expensive and foolish.
Available now.
<|endofexample|>
One.
Woods Houghton, Eddy County Extension Service agriculture agent, said there have been no reported cases of West Nile virus in humans or livestock here. However, he said the virus is evident in the county because of the number of dead birds people are reporting.
"Several years back, the New York Zoo brought in some birds from Egypt for its endangered species breeding program. It wasn't too long before native birds in New York were dying. For those of us interested in such things, we believe the virus could have been controlled with a good mosquito eradication program. But it wasn't, and it took four to six years for the disease to spread to other parts of the country."
Houghton said while other counties and cities around the state may have vector control programs, he believes they don't compare to Eddy County's program, hence Eddy County has not had any reported cases of West Nile virus.
"Kelly
Residents living inside the city limits who find they have a mosquito problem resulting from water in old tires, buckets, barrels and in flower pot dishes, can nip the problem in the bud. Houghton suggests pouring a little mineral oil into the water.
"The mineral oil suffocates the mosquito larvae," Houghton explained.
Health officials say August and September are peak times for West Nile cases in New Mexico.
Common symptoms include fever, nausea, headache and muscle aches.
Human cases of the disease have been reported in the state every year since 2003.
<|endofexample|>
We add value to rental agreements and lease provisions through highly effective
management.
Our Lease Advisory Rent Review services help you to avoid any potential pitfalls and also
exploit discrepancies which may have arisen during the purchase and ownership cycle.
This can have a significant impact on the value of an investment and on the optimal use of
business premises.
Focus
We provide innovative, commercial advice to both landlords and tenants. We also advise
corporate and investment clients on the value and occupational implications of lease
drafting.
We have real practical and in-depth experience in the following key areas:
<|endofexample|>
Click To Enlarge
Your egg carton label will include the image of "FREIDA, the chicken with the googly eyes" and can be used with any label shape offered and with any text, font and color available.
All designs are printed on white, matte labels.
*Labels are ordered in sets. One set= 8 sheets of labels*
One set of square labels=48 labels.
One set of round labels=48 labels.
One set of rectangle labels=32 labels. *Please note that the rectangle labels do not fit standard sized egg cartons, they are designed to fit the 4 egg x 3 egg, retro cartons.*
One set of quad labels=32 labels.
- Item #: FREIDA egg carton label
<|endofexample|>
Business Description:
Category: Moving & Storage
Summary: Allen and his team are great at what they do!!
Review:
Please tell us what is wrong with this review..
Request Appointment with
<|endofexample|>
fast & free shipping, guaranteed delivery dates and all-inclusive pricing
Making Strides for Breast Cancer, Central Park October 17, 2
First time here? Use the CustomInk design lab to make your own t-shirts!
Design Your Own
Similar Photos: charity | central park | participant teams | making strides against for breast cancer
Share this photo:
Twitter
<|endofexample|>
!fiesta! by jca/vilanova - over 1 year ago
"Our high school, Joliet Catholic Academy, Joliet , Illinois, is hosting 11 students and their English teacher from Ecola Pia Vilanova, Barcelona, Spain. We had a fiesta this Friday to celebrate our new friendships. Out Customink t-shirts looked great and helped unite us! Customink was great to deal with and we look forward to using them again!"
<|endofexample|>
Website/Mobile App
Website
Website
Website/Mobile App
6705 Sugarloaf Parkway, Suite 200
Duluth, GA 30097
Phone: (770) 476-9625
CU SupportNet provides fully customized and unique web designs to the credit union world. Our team is made up of talentent developers and designers who believe in taking your credit union website into uncharted territory. Innovation is the name of our game, and we want nothing more than to see your credit union succeed. Design is not just about how it looks, it's about how it works.
<|endofexample|>
A recent blog post on the Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank’s website is blunt: to stay competitive financial institutions need to offer mobile remote deposit capture.
As for the impact on fraud of MRDC, the Atlanta Fed wrote: “We've seen no evidence in the past year to support an uptick in fraud.”
The blog continued: “However, we have ample evidence demonstrating that the product is becoming mainstream through the mobile channel. With four large financial institutions incorporating RDC with their mobile applications over the summer, eight out of the 10 largest depository institutions currently offer the product.”
A bottom line: the Fed said that there are plenty of well understood safeguards against mobile RDC related fraud and the key, said the blog, is KYC, Know Your Customer. It ticked off three points:
- The length of the customer's relationship. How long has the account been open?
- The depth of the customer's relationship. How many accounts does this consumer have with the institution?
- The experience with the customer. Does the customer have a history of depositing bad checks?
Know the customer, suggested the Fed, and it is straightforward to set limits – on deposit amounts and frequency – that will protect the institution.
This particular blog is authored by Douglas A. King, a payments risk expert at the Atlanta Fed. The blog is hosted on that Fed’s “Retail Payments Risk Forum.”
<|endofexample|>
Slow.
That’s a change from the House and Senate 2012 calendars, which show both bodies would adjourn for the year on Friday.
Washington publication The Hill backed up Thaler’s observation, reporting today that GOP leaders have told their members in the House to be prepared to return to Washington after Christmas because “serious differences” remain in fiscal cliff negotiations.
H.R. 5817, which would eliminate the required annual privacy notice mailing, is scheduled for a vote in the House today, Thaler said.
The bill was supposed to be considered last week, but the bill’s language triggered Rep. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.V.) to withdraw her motion to take the bill to a vote. That language has been resolved, Thaler said.
If the bill passes the House today, it would still need to be considered and passed by the Senate before the new Congress is sworn in Jan. 3. Any extra session time could mean the bill has a better chance of becoming law this year.
Despite the extra days in Washington, Thaler said the privacy notice bill still faces an uphill battle in the Senate, because the upper chamber isn’t very familiar with it.
“It would probably have to go by unanimous consent in the Senate,” Thaler said. “It’s been in the House for a number of months, not in the Senate, so I don’t know how much attention folks in the Senate have paid to it. The challenge will be getting people comfortable with it in a short amount of time.”
The bill is sponsored by Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer (R-Mo.) and currently has 43 sponsors.
<|endofexample|>
Over the past few months Credit Union Times has covered at least timeframe puts them, in my opinion, as much at fault for the fraud as the perpetrators themselves.
In evaluating credit union health, my firm, Glatt Consulting, uses a 5 timeframe.... is a credit union consultant in Wilmington, N.C.
<|endofexample|>
5 Things You Don’t Know Because You Weren’t at Finovate
Stacie Wyss-Schoenborn Seeks Innovation One Step at a Time: Women to Watch
THINK 13: New Mayor and Emerging Singer Woo the Crowd
Innovation, Connection, Leadership Meld Into 'Got to do Something' Message: Editor/Publisher's Column
THINK 13 on Wednesday: Slide Show
Onsite Coverage: Singer's Social Media Surge Provides Message on Disruptive Innovation
Your Next Around-the-Clock Employee
Onsite Coverage: PSCU CEO Worries About Checks
Here's A Google Perk Any Company Can Imitate: Employee-to-Employee Learning
W2W: CEO Christine Blake Returns Home to Her Roots
-,...
<|endofexample|>
im trying to create a how-to but whenever i try to upload a photo, it never does. it says 'uploading' but it just stays as a black square. i can upload webcam pics and other pics that i save from the internet, but i cant upload photos. for the steps, its not problem uploading photots but for some reason i cant upload a main photo. any suggestions?
Boards
Recent Posts by BloodyRose
Site » Suggestions + Problems
cant upload picsStarted over 2 years ago · Last post over 2 years ago ·
<|endofexample|>
A nice, non-edible sandwich to keep your Ipod/Mp3 Player Warm :)
A cute and adorable Ipod case to keep that ipod scratch free!
hand stitched brushed jersey ipad case
Fun!
Spice up your old cell phone case!
Owl love for iphones
Put Those Plastic Bags To Work!
Cover your e-reader with your favorite book's sleeve!
Trying out new things for my phone
Show some science love
cute
Tech Knits
Winx club and Vocaliod inspired
bet you didn't know you can do ruffles with your hot glue gun?!
<3<3<3
Thread your ear phones
earphones, blue, thread, decorating
A little hiding spot for your music buddy!
Transform a $Tree Ipad case!
A glowing Nuka Cola Quantum replica no wasteland wanderer would want to be without.
Stud up yo' phone!
Keep your tunes zipped together
Soo yeah i spray painted ma phone back
RED!!
Making music more colorful
Posting this kind of late but its my w6 project
DIY cover!
DIY Camera bag, tote, organizer
<|endofexample|>
I bought two cups and saucers from ebay for quite a cheap price for this. if you want to make this, take a look on ebay. Hope you like it!!
if you like, paint the tea cup and saucer. if you have some proper model paint, small brush and a steady hand, you could paint a pattern onto it, like flowers, spots or stripes.
glue the tea cup and saucer together.
assemble into a necklace. adding a fabric bow too would be cute.
<|endofexample|>
If you want a fun song to dance to when you are already sweaty but want to get more sweaty, listen to this song by Juiceboxxx. I saw him perform once in a basement of some crazy house in Allston with the lowest ceiling ever. It was so hot and crowded and people kept reaching into holes in the ceiling for their 40's. I thought for sure we were all going to get crushed. Needless to say, I couldn't enjoy him music too much. But this song is super fun to listen to!
Read the interview with him that my friend Leor wrote for the AV Club!
<|endofexample|>
STOUGHTON, Mass. (WHDH) -- A 17-year-old high school senior died Saturday after he was allegedly shot in the chest by his brother. The grieving family said the shooting was accidental.
Neighbors said they saw him mowing the lawn earlier Saturday and they watched him and his team win a high school football game Friday night. Now, the family is grieving their son and told police the boy was accidentally shot by his brother.
“The calls themselves reported there was an accidental shooting or discharge,” said Norfolk County district attorney, Michael Morrissey.
Police said the boy's mother and his brother, the alleged shooter, both called 9-1-1 around 3:30 p.m. and described an accident in the cellar.
The victim, one of four brothers, was rushed to a hospital where he later died.
“We’ve had nothing but positive interactions with this boy and the whole family,” said Lt. Robert Devine..
“This investigation is very early on. We have not ruled out accidental. It's fair to say the family is extremely devastated and they are cooperating with police at this time,” said Morrissey.
Police said when they arrived family members were in the basement trying to help the 17-year-old. He was taken to Good Samaritan Hospital and sent into surgery where doctors were unable to save him.
<|endofexample|>
Manhattan, KS (Sports Network) - The 10th-ranked Kansas State Wildcats attempt to bounce back from a loss earlier this week when they return to Bramlage Coliseum for a Big 12 Conference clash with the Baylor Bears.
Baylor took a tumble in the conference standings a few weeks back with a three-game losing streak, but since then it has bounced back nicely with back- to-back wins over Texas Tech (75-48) and West Virginia (80-60). The Bears are now 16-8 overall and just a game out of first place in the conference at 7-4.
Following a recent four-game win streak, Kansas State sat alone in first place in the conference standings, but it dropped its recent showdown with rival Kansas, 83-62, to fall into a three-way tie atop the league with the Jayhawks and Oklahoma State at 8-3. The Wildcats have been especially strong at home this season, winning 11 of 12 games at Bramlage Coliseum.
Baylor won two of three against Kansas State during the 2011-12 season, including in the Big 12 Tournament Quarterfinals, 82-74. The Wildcats still lead the all-time series, 14-12.
The Bears carried just a four-point lead into halftime in their latest game against West Virginia, but they went on to shoot nearly 60 percent from the field after the break as they cruised to the 20-point victory. With star forwards Cory Jefferson and Isaiah Austin battling foul trouble, Rico Gathers came off the bench to post a career-night, shooting 7-of-8 from the field and 8-of-10 from the foul line for 22 points to go along with nine rebounds. Brady Heslip was on fire from 3-point range (6-of-9) en route to 20 points, while Pierre Jackson tallied 15 points and nine rebounds.
Baylor has been sound at both ends of the court this season, scoring 75.5 ppg while allowing opponents to net only 63.2 ppg, and only Kansas boasts a better scoring margin in the Big 12 (+12.3). Jackson has been arguably the conference's best playmaker, as he ranks first in both scoring (18.9 ppg) and assists (6.2 apg) while also swiping 1.7 spg. Austin (13.6 ppg, 9.3 rpg, 1.5 bpg) and Jefferson (12.3 ppg, 8.3 rpg, 2.0 bpg) make up one of the most feared frontcourt duos in the nation, while Heslip (8.8 ppg) has drained nearly 40 percent of his 3-point attempts (54-of-136).
The Wildcats were out of their element going to Lawrence to face Kansas, as they found themselves down by 18 at the half. It was an uncharacteristically poor defensive effort, as they allowed the Jayhawks to make 48.3 percent of their field goal attempts. Rodney McGruder was the top performer in the setback with 20 points for his seventh 20-plus point effort this season. Angel Rodriguez added 17 points, six assists and three steals, while Will Spradling chipped in 10 points.
On the season, K-State's offense is perfectly mediocre by Big 12 standards, ranking fifth out of 10 teams in scoring 68.5 ppg, but it has risen in the ranks thanks to its outstanding scoring defense, which yields less than 60 ppg to its opponents. It is also aided by impressive margins in the rebounding (+4.2) and turnover (+2.5) battles. McGruder shoots nearly 45 percent from the field en route to a team-best 15.2 ppg, while Rodriguez is one of the conference's top floor generals with 105 assists to only 45 turnovers, adding a team-high 30 steals for good measure.
<|endofexample|>
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Chip Kelly has officially assembled his first coaching staff in the NFL.
The new Philadelphia Eagles head coach named Pat Shurmur offensive coordinator, Bill Davis defensive coordinator and Dave Fipp special teams coordinator. was introduced as the 21st head coach in team history last month. He decided to leave Oregon after guiding the Ducks to a 46-7 mark over the past four years.
Shurmur heads back to the place where he started his NFL coaching career. He was an assistant under Andy Reid for 10 seasons. He was the Eagles' tight ends coach from 1999-2001 and quarterbacks coach until 2008. Shurmur then was offensive coordinator for the St. Louis Rams for two seasons before becoming the head coach of the Browns.
The 47-year-old Shurmur went 9-23 in two seasons with Cleveland. He was fired, along with general manager Tom Heckert, following the 2012 season.
One of Shurmur's first tasks will be to work with Kelly and figure out the situation at quarterback. Will the Eagles keep Mike Vick or stick with Nick Foles?
Shurmur's experience developing quarterbacks could be the reason Kelly brought him to town. He has worked with Donovan McNabb, Sam Bradford and Brandon Weeden.
Marty Mornhinweg was Philadelphia's offensive coordinator for the past seven seasons. He took the same position with the New York Jets last month.
Davis brings 21 years of NFL coaching experience to Philadelphia. He most recently served as the Browns' linebackers coach from 2011-12, where he helped mold D'Qwell Jackson into one of the most productive linebackers in the league.
The 47-year-old Davis has held two defensive coordinator jobs in the past, first with the San Francisco 49ers from 2005-06 and then with the Arizona Cardinals from 2009-10. He first joined the NFL coaching ranks as a defensive quality control coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1992.
Davis will become the fifth defensive coordinator in six seasons for the Eagles. Philadelphia went through Juan Castillo and Todd Bowles last season.
Fipp was the assistant special teams coach for the Miami Dolphins from 2011-12. He went to Miami after a three-year stint as the assistant special teams coach for the San Francisco 49ers from 2008-10.
The 38-year-old Fipp spent 10 years coaching in the college ranks at San Jose State (2005-07), Nevada (2004), Cal Poly (2001-03), Arizona (2000) and Holy Cross (1998-99).
One of the nation's most respected offensive line coaches, Stoutland comes to Philadelphia after serving as the University of Alabama's offensive line coach. He helped the Crimson Tide win back-to-back BCS National Championships.
In 2011, his unit allowed the second-fewest sacks in the SEC. Left tackle Barrett Jones and center William Vlachos were both named first team All-SEC. This past season, Stoutland's offensive line featured two first-team All- Americans in Jones and Chance Warmack.
Stoutland will try to turn around the offensive line in Philly. Injuries plagued the offensive line for the Eagles last season, starting with left tackle Jason Peters' Achilles injury.
<|endofexample|>
This article was originally distributed via PRWeb. PRWeb, WorldNow and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith.
SOURCE: Linus Bike
Following an article published by JournalStar.com regarding suggested changes for a proposed Bicycle and Pedestrian Capital Plan in Lincoln, city bike distributor Linus Bike offers a response.
Bohemia, NY (PRWEB) January 03, 2013
On January 3, a representative of city bike manufacturer Linus Bike comments on an article published by JournalStar.com which highlights the proposed efforts to improve cycling safety in Lincoln, Colorado.
The article cites Mike Cooper, a resident cyclist who is hopeful to make cycling safer around his neighborhood. He is not alone in this effort. According to JournalStar.com, “A few dozen area residents and cyclists trickled into the Jayne Snyder Trails Center at Union Plaza, 21st and Q streets, [December 15th] to offer suggestions for a proposed Bicycle and Pedestrian Capital Plan for Lincoln.” The article reports that city officials plan on improving safety for cyclists by fixing infrastructure, adding to trails and routes, and adding to crosswalks.
According the article, the proposed plan “calls for adding 53 miles of on-street bike routes to the 82 that exist, and a 9.5-mile expansion to the city's 1.7-mile shared-lane system.” In addition, high priority changes include: expanded bike parking, adding shoulders for cyclists on “heavily traveled” roads, lighting for underpass trails and bike-activated signals.
Jason Latty, a sales manager for Linus Bike, weighs in on the article. “I’m inspired by how the community came together to state their concerns regarding bicycle safety in their city.” Latty continues, “It doesn’t matter if you’re an avid cyclist or not. It doesn’t matter if you ride a commuter bike, a city bike or a mountain bike. Improving a city’s infrastructure to protect the safety of individuals is important. Linus Bike applauds the proposed changes for Lincoln and wishes the community:
<|endofexample|>
All Items : Pottery and Stoneware : Majolica : Pre 2000 item #974542.
<|endofexample|>
Contact the Institute | Our People
Assistant Professor
Tel. +357 22 208645
Post-Doctoral Fellow
Tel. +357 22208619
Tel. +357 22 208661
Adjunct Associate Professor
Research Assistant
Associate Research Scientist
Research Technical Assistant
PhD student / Research Assistant
Adjunct Assistant Professor
Visiting Professor
Chair of STARC IGB, Professor
Researcher in Archaeological Sciences
PhD Student / Administrative Assistant
Administrative assistant
Project Manager
©2012 The Cyprus Institute |
<|endofexample|>
21 May 2012
Full-Time Channel Account Manager Cyprus
Job Description
NCR are looking to recruit a Sales Account Manager, to join NCR’s dynamic Global Sales Team.
Job Requirements:
- Responsible for managing, identifying and closing sales with designated vendors/re sellers/distributors and to influence and support NCR’s overall sales/marketing strategy; Responsible for business plans with a focus on accelerated growth.
- Create new sales demand for NCR’s assisted and self- service solutions and services by informing and educating vendors and their customers on the business value proposition of NCR’s solutions suite of products and services.
- Understand, execute and successfully manage all internal sales and service processes in support of the partners
Qualifications Required:
- Bachelor’s Degree in a business-related field
- 5-10 years of related experience
- Proven success in attaining objectives in a technical sales environment
- Demonstrated success in channel knowledge
How to Apply
Candidates please forward your CV to
360 total views, 1 today
<|endofexample|>
Apologies for the downtime this morning. This was due to an outage at a data centre. Everything should be back to normal now.
Help, Suggestions, Future of The D-Word
Difficulties with The D-Word? If you can't find the right answers on our Help page, please post in this topic. Ideas for future D-Word releases or projects can be posted here as well.
Anybody have a licensing contact at C-SPAN? I've got a bunch of footage that I need to get cleared, and it seems too much for the std form they offer on the website....?
Probably, but I'd leave it in Legal since most will see it there. If you don't get a response within a few days, maybe then re-post in Research.
Thx DB
Trying to add a film to my profile and getting an error message that the Vimeo.com URL is not valid ... not sure why this would be the case ... ;-)
Thanks. The same problem seems to exist elsewhere in the site. For example, I was unable to embed a YouTube video in the Cameras topic although the URL exactly matched the formatting of the example in the error message.
As a full D-Worder you have two options, Michael – either Professional Classifieds (for other Professionals) or to reach a wider audience Public Classifieds . In fact you can post in both if you wish – the one exception we make to the double posting rule.
Hope I'm not repeating, but haven't found the answer...
I get the digest form of d-word. I've noticed it doesn't include every post from the time since the last digest, sometime half or less. Does this happen to everyone? Is there a fix?
If you've read some posts on the website they are not included in the digest. It only includes posts which are "unread", i.e. the ones that would have blue dots next to them when you come..)"
Join this discussion now. You need to log in or register if you want to post.
<|endofexample|>
No. 20 Cal Lutheran Completes Epic Comeback Over No. 13 Redlands
THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. - The maximum capacity crowd at the newly constructed William Rolland Stadium will never forget the first-ever home night game in Cal Lutheran football history. Trailing 24-0 at the half No. 20 Cal Lutheran completed its comeback with 16 seconds left to defeat No. 13 Redlands, 28-24.
Box Score: CLU 28, UR 24 - F
Cal Lutheran climbed back to within a 24-21 deficit with just over three minutes left in regulation. Redlands elected to punt facing fourth-and-short near midfield and pinned the Kingsmen down at their own two-yard line.
"We were hoping to kick a field goal to tie, but thinking touchdown to win it," said Head Coach Ben McEnroe.
Quarterback Jake Laudenslayer put his coach's thoughts into action as he engineered a 10-play, 98-yard drive. He capped it off by plunging in from one yard out in the final seconds to give Cal Lutheran a four-point lead with only seconds remaining.
"I have never seen anything like that," said McEnroe. "You learn so many life lessons in this game; today they learned you keep fighting as long as you have a chance. That's what we built this program on and it's great to see it come to fruition."
Most of the CLU contingent was resigned to the fact that Redlands dominated the first quarter rushing for 167 yards and two touchdowns. CLU trailed 17-0 after one frame when the Bulldogs conducted a nine-play, 80-yard drive and scored just 10 seconds before halftime to score a morale busting touchdown and take a 24-0 lead.
"We were embarrassed at our first half performance," said McEnroe. "We told them 'you are going to lose our (SCIAC) championship trophy if we don't start focusing on one play at a time.'"
After some stringent second half defense and 28 unanswered points on offense, Cal Lutheran can rest easy for at least another week.
UR quarterback Chad Hurst had 10 carries for 86 yards and a touchdown on the ground to go along with 97 yards and a passing touchdown in the first half alone. The CLU defense then held Redlands to only 67 total offensive yards in the second half forcing five punts, a missed field goal and a final play interception by Luis Villavicencio in the end zone to preserve a victory.
CLU opened the second half converting a pair of third downs on its first drive en route to its first points courtesy of a Daniel Mosier touchdown run. Each of Cal Lutheran's four second half touchdown drives were nine plays or more and 61 yards or longer.
Cal Lutheran went to a hurry-up, aerial attack more frequently after rushing for negative yardage in the first half. Laudenslayer finished 25-of-42 for 313 yards and found Eric Rogers for both passing touchdowns.
"We put the game in (Laudenslayer's) hands. We wanted to be more balanced but then we had to rely on him."
He threw for over 200 yards in the second half, but on the final drive a 26-yard run down to the nine yard line and his final rush attempt of the game were key plays in the game-winning possession. Laudenslayer found nine different targets, including himself, led by Rogers who finished with six catches for 120 yards.
Cal Lutheran (2-1, 1-0 SCIAC) will host Whittier (1-2, 0-1 SCIAC) on Saturday, Oct. 8 at 1 p.m.
<|endofexample|>
It's still Mercilus in one but Brockers goes just one pick before at #18 to the Chargers. Coples is long gone at #12 to Seattle and DeCastro never gets by the Cowboys at #14. Looks like we can begin a poll as to who likes Brockers over Mercilus or vice versa. Either way it comes out we get ourselves a good ball player.
Mock Draft 7.0
The draft starts at pick four, which direction do the Browns go? Wes Bunting
April 18, 2012 Share.
17. Cincinnati Bengals: Alabama CB Dre Kirkpatrick
Kirkpatrick adds a physical element to the Bengals secondary. He’s got the ability to press off the line, make plays in zone and consistently tackle the ball carrier. Plus, he has the size to handle some of the bigger wideouts in the AFC North.
18. San Diego Chargers: LSU DT Michael Brockers
Brockers is as talented as any defensive lineman in the draft and is capable of maturing into a real game changer up front. He’s got the ability to play all over the Chargers defensive line early and offers them a lot of versatility in their 34 front.
19. Chicago Bears: Illinois DE Whitney Mercilus
The Bears love to go defense in round one and getting a talent like Mercilus in the middle of the first has to be considered a steal. There are some rough spots to his game, but he adds another pass rushing threat to the Bears defense on third down..
ICONMartin could be a first round surprise.ICONMartin could be a first round surprise.: Oklahoma State QB Brandon Weeden
If the Browns are unable to get their QB in the top ten, don’t be shocked to see them take their second pick in round one and nab their QB of the future.: Wisconsin OL Peter Konz
Konz has the ability to play both center and guard at the next level and gives the Steelers a real upgrade inside.
25. Denver Broncos: Broncos a guy they can win with inside.
26. Houston Texans: Baylor WR Kendall Wright
Wright might be the draft’s top vertical threat and has the ability to open up a lot of options for the Texans offense down the field..
28. Green Bay Packers: Boise State LB Shea McClellin
He’s got the ability to play both inside and out for the Packers and brings the kind of motor, intensity and relentless as a pass rusher they are looking for.
29. Baltimore Ravens: Alabama ILB Dont’a Hightower
Hightower is a “plus” run defender who can be used as a blitzer inside or a pass rusher off the edge. Is the kind of talent the Ravens could use inside as an eventual replacement for Ray Lewis..
32. New York Giants: South Carolina CB Stephon Gilmore
Getting a tall, physical defensive back who displays a natural feel in zone and can go get the football makes some sense for the Giants at the back end of round one.
<|endofexample|>
The first Topps 2011 Rookie Cards featuring the top 2011 NFL Draft Picks!!
- Look for a rookie base parallels
- Look for 25 shortprint rookies, 100 regular rookies, and 100 veterans in the complete set.
PRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS:
Look for the following inserts:
Rookie Variation Short Prints
Base Rookie Parallels:
- Blue
- Red
- Green
NFL Draft Rookie
Playmaker
NFL Draft Selections
Combine Competition
7 packs per box, 10 cards per pack
<|endofexample|>
His Mother, whom I loved to distraction, began her schizophrenic descent to hell when he was nine months old. She left our lives and the country when Noah was three, or there abouts.
Since then, I’ve had lovers, many lovers. My body has exulted, my mind has been seduced, but my heart keeps to itself.
“Dad, is she your girlfriend?”
“It’s our first date, Noah.”
“Maybe she’ll become your girlfriend like if it goes well?”
“Maybe.”
I already know it’s highly unlikely. It may be a roll or two or three, knotted in her bedsheets or mine. It may be wonderful sex ending in a friendship. But nothing more. Or less.
“You look really good, dad, in that shirt. That’s the one I like found, right?”
“Yup.”
“I have good taste, huhn?”
“Sure do.”
Noah and I actually went out shopping for a pair of pants and shirt…for me. Every piece of clothing I own is older than my son, so I was due. Noah mixed and matched and brought me items while I tried them in the changing booth. The three salesladies were totally taken with him.
As I go down the stairs, heading for my date, I hear Noah whispering to his babysitter.
“Dad has a date, and a new shirt…”
I don’t hear the rest.
Since I’ve been single with child , women have come into my life and moved on…generally to other men with whom they begin building something lasting.
Several of them are now affianced.
One of those ladies made it a point of showing me the rock on her finger before she invited me in for a last escapade one morning before she moved in with her future husband. In the quiet, beautiful moments after, as her breath blew eddies across the hair on my chest, she told me he was the love of her life. She hoped to have a kid, as beautiful as Noah. I told her she would be a wonderful mom. In fact, in the brief months of our frequentation she was auditioning for precisely that role in my life. But having a child actually spring from her loins became her true wish. As I left her apartment for the last time, she thanked me for making her realize what she really wanted.
I’m good at that… fertilizing other’s arid soils with intent and desire. Other’s reap the fruit.
Three of my recent lovers have become pregnant. No, no, not from me. I’m the way station, the hub-airport that connects to the desired destination. Of course, like any port I collect some of their riches before they move on.
The other day, I met one of these ladies, as Noah and I strolled down the street. She was with her husband and 9 month baby. If I was still Catholic I would have said they looked like the Holy Family, but since I’m now lapsed into paganism, I say nothing.
They seemed happy. She introduced me to the father, as a dear friend. When she and I kissed each other’s cheeks her smell overwhelmed me with visions of her nakedness. She was wonderfully fleshy and moist. And strangely sad, afterwards.
As they walked away, Noah pulled my hand.
“Dad, wasn’t she like your girlfriend?”
“Yeah, a couple of years ago.”
“Does it like make you feel bad that she like has a baby and a guy like that she married?”
“No, not all.”
Well, perhaps a little.
“They looked happy, didn’t they?”
“I guess so, yeah, dad.”
I like to think I contributed to her blooming, in an odd, deflected way.
Now, as I head to my “date” in my new shirt, I wonder how much I still feel like “contributing”.
<|endofexample|>
Podcast: Play in new window | Download (Duration: 2:12:47 — 60.8MB) | Embed
No time for love, Doctah Jones! Because it’s time to FREAK OUT once again with your hosts, Aaron, Alan, and Bobby as we take on Doctor Who, Star Wars on Blu-Ray, Bobby’s trip to I-Con, and of course: The majesty of the week in comics. Find out what’s worth pulling (and what needs passing), as well as Alan’s haunting secret and the allure of Le Femme Nikita: VELOCIRAPTOR. What are you waiting for?
Listen here or via iTunes!
<|endofexample|>
comms/acfax Receive faxes using sound card and radio
comms/efax Fax send/receive program
comms/efax-gtk GUI front end for the efax fax program
comms/gfax A Mono based pop-up fax manager
comms/ghfaxviewer GNOME compliant fax viewer capable of displaying TIFF G3 faxes
comms/hamfax QT application for sending and receiving facsimiles o ver radio
comms/hylafax Fax software
comms/mgetty+sendfax Handle external logins, send and receive faxes
comms/pyla Hylafax client written in Python
comms/qsstv Amateur Radio SSTV/FAX reception program for unix
comms/tkhylafax A tcl/tk interface to Sam Leffler's fax package
comms/tkscanfax Tcl/Tk frontend for fax scan/receive/send program (co mmand is tkfax)
comms/viewfax Display files containing g3 and/or g4 coded fax pages
net/astfax AstFax provides an outgoing email to fax gateway for Asterisk
net/asterisk An Open Source PBX and telephony toolkit
<|endofexample|>
For us, France was the goal, a tall order for only seven days. From the Mediteranean Riviera in the South to the Atlantic coast in the West and mountains in the East, there's more than enough to fill itineraries of any length.
There was but one place for us to begin, the City of Lights, Paris. Brimming with culture, art and cuisine, the capital city could keep visitors busy for weeks simply touring museums and art galleries. Must see sites including the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triumph, Cathedral of Notre Dame of Paris and the Louvre are always packed through June and July.
Worthy of the wait, however, is a trip to the top of the Eiffel Tower as the sun sets, arriving at the pinnacle far a dazzling light show of a twinkling cityscape. If the opportunity presents itself don't forget that all state run museums, including the Louvre, are free to the public on the first Sunday of every month; but get in line early to avoid spending all day in queue.
A sprawling city, Paris boasts an effective and easy to use public transportation system dominated by an extensive subway system aided by a suburban rail network reaching outlying neighborhoods. Several international rail stations lie on each side of the city dispatching trains in every direction. In less than an hour, train travelers can arrive in Reims, capital of the famed Champagne region.
Surrounded by vineyards in villages throughout the region, the city of Reims is home to several Champagne houses and cellars, many within walking distance of city center and others just a short drive by private car. Large and small producers can be found including headquarters of the world renowned G.H. Mumm.
Known locally as Champagne 'caves,' chalk lined wine cellars rest in the cool darkness of tunnels more than 40 feet below ground. The largest of Reims' producers, Mumm houses 25 million bottles of champagne dating back to the 1860s in an astonishing 16 miles of subterranean cellars. Each tour ends with a tasting of the local product.
Between tours and tasting, be sure to stop by the hidden treasure of General Dwight Eisenhower's 'war room' and home to the German capitulation signing. Tucked away in a side street with little signage and even less commercial marketing, this museum tells how Eisenhower's headquarters came to be the site of Germany's unconditional surrender. Outer rooms have been transformed into exhibits displaying war relics and showing Reims' role in the war while the war room remains untouched from the day it came into fame. Maps wallpaper the room marking troop advancements throughout Europe while smaller charts kept the war cabinet up to date on movement in the Pacific theater.
Trains from Reims traveling west will almost always pass through Paris but be prepared for a complicated connection. With several stations surrounding the city, to go from east to west through Paris, travelers must walk to the subway and grab a ride toward another train station before finding their connection.
Once on the right track, a few hours westward brings us closer to the Atlantic into the region of Normandy. A beautiful land flourishing in agriculture, Normandy offers a respite from busy cities; but for American citizens and others from Allied nations, Normandy serves as a somber pilgrimage to honor the sacrifices of an entire generation.
June 6, 1944 came to be known as D-Day, a gloomy morning coming on the heels of a raging storm saw nearly 1,000 warships descend upon a 30-mile stretch of beach for a foothold in Hitler's Atlantic Wall. A museum in Caen offers a historical look at war torn Europe along with a special exhibit dedicated to the largest invasion force in history.
Public transportation to the landing beaches is nearly non-existent with buses reaching only one beachhead. A guided tour, easily arranged by the local tourist information office, provides guests with a detailed account of the historic battle against a tyrannical empire. The heroic acts of Allied invasion forces resulted in the successful capture of German occupied territory at the cost of nearly 10,000 Allied casualties.
A journey to the American Cemetery at Normandy is a poignant reminder of freedom's staggering price tag. On 172 acres, the graves of 9,387 American soldiers lie atop a bluff in sight of the beaches they once fought for. Soldiers lost in combat throughout the European campaign rest on this site, most of who were involved in the landing operation. Among the slain are three recipients of the Congressional Medal of Honor, four women and 307 unknowns.
Interred in the peace and serenity of this site are residents of all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Side-by-side can be found one father and son and 33 pairs of brothers. To experience the magnitude of this memorial, wandering the grounds and overlooking the white headstones, is a moving testament inspiring gratitude for sacrifices made by others.
Matt Shinall is the business reporter for The Daily Tribune News.
<|endofexample|>
SAN Road in Liberty Station, trying to write her "mildly audacious Momentum" blog. She said she had writer's block and so instead of trying to force the words, she just started observing the customers coming into the coffee shop.
Among the typical Starbucks clientele ordering their lattes, three people stood out to Maloney, she said. The first man was homeless and asked to put up his artwork. The second person was a man who was very upset over his drink that was made incorrectly. The third person was a teenage boy looking for a job.
"Time after time, Gieselle handled the situations with absolute grace. She never showed any emotion, she was just being pleasant and friendly. She also kept in mind all her other customers," said Maloney. "I actually had this eureka moment as I was writing, or trying to write and I was staring at my screen and cursor and I said 'this is it.'"
Maloney coaches people and businesses about how to be a leader and instantly recognized that Gaines was a leader in her store.
"She had no idea I was there, that's the kind of leader she is," Maloney said.
Maloney went up to Gaines and told her she was going to write her blog about Gaines' leadership. Several days later, Gaines received a call at her Starbucks store.
"We were outside setting up little samples when one of my partners, Brent, came out and had this look on his face. His eyes were really wide and he said 'The CEO is on the phone.'" Gaines said. "I didn't believe it, so I took the phone and said 'Hi thank you for holding, this is Gieselle. How can I help you?' And he said, 'Gieselle, Howard Schultz.'"
"My eyes popped out and I just said 'good morning,'" Gaines explained.
Gaines said Schultz called just to thank her for her leadership and invite her to Houston for the company's annual conference where she would be honored for her performance.
"I have a greater responsibility but I'm not going to change who I am, and I'm not going to change how I approach my business. If anything I'll do it better than I did yesterday," she said.
"It's all about human connection. It's about making an impact. We make a promise of a perfectly made drink and that's what we strive to be--consistent, but it's about more than that," she said.
As for Maloney, whose blog started it all, "when I found out Howard Schultz had read my blog, I felt like I died and gone to heaven. He is the epitome of a good leader."
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Callaway Golf Company published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-7 of 7 » View dailyamerican.com items only: Energy Resources, Brunswick Corp., Exxon Mobil Corporation, Dunkin' Brands, Entergy Corporation
Grant's Golf Blog: Gary WoodlandKWCH 12 Eyewitness SportsGary Woodland is the epitome of the modern golfer. Big, strong, athletic, handsome and young. He actually gave up playing basketball for a future on the links. The Topeka native quit basketball at Washburn for a chance to play golf at KU - a move that...
Tags: World Cup (golf), Sports, Arnold Palmer, Gary Woodland, PGA Tour
Sports Illustrated names San Diego's richest athletes
SAN DIEGO -- San Diegans make up 10 percent of the top-50 money-earning American athletes over the past year, Sports Illustrated magazine reported Monday. The five local members of SI's "Fortunate 50'' are: - golfer Phil Mickelson (No. 2) - baseball...
Tags: NASCAR, Periodicals, Arian Foster, Sports, Baseball
Callaway Golf teams up with Justin Timberlake
CARLSBAD, Calif. -- Singer, actor and low-handicap golfer Justin Timberlake was named a creative director Thursday for the Carlsbad-based Callaway Golf Co. The golf equipment manufacturer wants Timberlake to promote the 2012 RAZR line of equipment,...
Tags: Justin Timberlake, PGA Tour, Hospitals and Clinics, Health, Golf: Lifestyle and Leisure, Sports, Toshiba Corporation, Mark Wiebe, Golf
A smarter way for government to create jobs
In his Sept. 8 speech on jobs, President Barack Obama repeated the conventional wisdom that small businesses create most new jobs. Like a lot of conventional wisdom, this does not fully capture the real dynamics of the situation. A 2010 article...
Tags: Barack Obama, IBM, Entertainment, Whole Foods Market, Finance
Volunteer For This Year's Boeing Classic!Staff reporterMore than 1,000 volunteers helped make the Boeing Classic a big success in 2008. Our volunteer's "can do" attitude, energy and passion serving our many committees is truly appreciated. In exchange for your time and volunteer fee (valued at over $275), you...
Tags: Boeing Co.
Apr 25, 2013 |Story| Chicago Tribune
Mar 14, 2013 |Story| KWCH
Jul 16, 2012 |Story| KSWB-LTV
Dec 15, 2011 |Story| KSWB-LTV
Aug 19, 2011 |Story| Daily Pilot
Nov 7, 2011 |Story| Baltimore Sun
Jul 13, 2009 |Story| KCPQ-LTV
Original site for Callaway Golf Company topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
.
The following highlight some of the changes:
- The prior guidelines required that no more than 25% of the total floor area of the condominium be commercial, yet allowed exceptions for those with up to 35% of commercial space. FHA will now consider exceptions for condominiums that have up to 50% of commercial space upon providing substantial documentation, good cause, and proof that the condominium remains “primarily residential, homogenous with residential use and is free of adverse conditions to the occupants.”
- The new guidelines increase the number of units that one investor/entity can own, at the time the application is submitted, from 10% to 50%, as long as 50% of the total number of units in the condominium have been conveyed or are under a bona fide contract for purchase to an owner-occupant.
- Previously, a condominium would not be able to obtain FHA approval if more than 15% of all of the units were more than thirty days in arrears on their assessments. The new guidelines keep the 15% cap but increase the length of time in arrears to 60 days. However, while prior guidelines allowed exceptions if the delinquency rate was more than 15%, but less than 20%, the new guidelines provide that no exceptions will be granted.
- Prior guidelines required management companies to have their own Fidelity Bond/Insurance naming the association as an obligee. However, now the management company can have their own insurance or the association can have a policy specifically naming the management company as an agent or insured, or that the association’s policy have a “Covered Employee” endorsement covering management personnel.
- The new guidelines revise the Project Certification document to slightly relax the degree of guarantee confirmed by the person or entity applying for condominium approval.
____________________________________________
This Blog was prepared by Robyn M. Se.
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Matt Bowen published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 58 » View dailyamerican.com items only
1 2 3 4 5 Next >
Everything at NFL scouting combine a test
Twelve minutes. Fifty questions. Go. Another test? That's right, rookie. Sit down and grab a pencil. Weave your way through as many multiple choice questions as you can and turn in the test when the time is up. The Wonderlic exam at the NFL scouting...
Tags: Football, Sports, New York Giants
Pressure better work deep in red zone....
Tags: Jermichael Finley, Donte Whitner, Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay Packers, Jordy Nelson: Lovie Smith, New Orleans Saints, Paul Edinger, Minnesota Vikings, New York Giants
Cobb poses problem for Bears
Packers' wide receiver Randall Cobb was viewed as a creative offense weapon and a top special teams talent when he came out of Kentucky. However, the second-year pro has developed quickly into one of Aaron Rodgers' top options in the passing game this...
Tags: Chicago Bears, Greg Jennings, Football, National Football League, Detroit Lions: Charles Woodson, Minnesota Vikings, Green Bay Packers, M.D. Jennings, Christian Ponder
Redskins option trouble for Seahawks
The...
Tags: Employees, Career and Workplace, Chris Clemons (football, defensive end), Washington Redskins, Seattle Seahawks: Alshon Jeffery, Jay Cutler, Matt Forte, Mike Tice, Green Bay Pack: Jay Cutler, Lovie Smith, Minnesota Vikings, Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay Packers: Victor Cruz, NFL Pro Bowl, Cincinnati Bengals, Tony Boselli, San Diego Chargers
Lions will try to make hole in Bears zone....
Tags: Chicago Bears, Atlanta Falcons, Calvin Johnson, Football, National Football League: Earl Bennett, Jared Allen, Jay Cutler, Chicago Bears, Jasper Brinkley: Alshon Jeffery, Earl Bennett, Jay Cutler, Animal Attacks, Lovie Smith
Feb 23, 2013 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Jan 11, 2013 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Dec 18, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Dec 13, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Jan 4, 2013 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Jan 5, 2013 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Dec 15, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Dec 13, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Dec 27, 2012 |Story| Baltimore Sun
Dec 27, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Dec 6, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Dec 29, 2012 |Column| Chicago Tribune
Original site for Matt Bowen topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Brown's website posted the news release Tuesday with no further details, except the time of the event and its location. The event takes place at 10:30 a.m. at Grove Community Church, 19900 Grove Community Drive, Riverside.
Thousands of people are expected in Riverside for the service at Grove Community Church.
"It's a huge planning event whenever you have a police service because we know that law enforcement agencies from around the state and even across the nation are going to attend," said Riverside police Lt. Guy Toussaint.
Before fugitive Christopher Dorner was barricaded inside of a cabin on late Tuesday that caught fire, police said they had developed a security plan that includes assistance from other law enforcement agencies. Toussaint did not elaborate on the plan because police don't want to jeopardize the safety of people attending the funeral.
But he did say officers will be stationed at multiple locations to ensure safety.
Reach Melissa via email or call
her at 909-386-3878.
Get the latest crime and public safety news on Twitter @IECrime.
Wes Woods II also contributed to this report
• Readers: Let us know what you think of our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
Blazing the Fly Rod Crosby Trail underway
MAD.
About 20 people showed up over the course of two days and built approximately two miles of trail along the western bank of the Orbeton Stream. Volunteers cut a corridor for the trail, built two switchbacks up a
steep hill and constructed a section of bog bridging (elevated cedar planks to keep hikers out of the mud) through an especially wet area.
This was chosen as the first piece of the trail to be built because it will both ease traffic on a heavily used multi-use trail on the other side of the river and, once completed, allows for a nice loop option utilizing both trails.
Local businesses chipped in to help the volunteers. On the 28th, Edmunds Market generously provided burgers, hotdogs and rolls for a cook out at the end of the day. The Carrabassett Coffee Company provided free coffee and a percolator to get everybody going first thing in the morning. David and Virginia Robie, owners of the Star Barn Bed and Breakfast provided the grill and came out to do some trail work.
Organizers would like to thank everyone who came for a great couple of days of trail work and to Edmunds Market and the Carrabassett Coffee Company for supporting construction of the Fly Rod Crosby Trail.
There will be another work day Saturday, Oct. 2 and organizers are asking people to meet at the Reeds Mills Road bridge across the Orbeton Stream in Madrid TWP at 10 a.m. Please contact Ben Godsoe with
the Maine Conservation Corps at 578-0306 for more information.
<|endofexample|>
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and Police Chief Charlie Beck announced today that officials have yet to decide if anyone will receive the $1 million reward offered for the capture of murder suspect Christopher Jordan Dorner.
Dorner is dead after a Tuesday firefight with law enforcement officers. Dorner barricaded himself inside a cabin in the Angelus Oaks area of the San Bernardino Mountains while on the run from law enforcement. The cabin caught fire after SWAT deputies fired pyrotechnic tear gas canisters into the building after taking fire from the cabin. A single gunshot was heard from inside the building after the fire ignited.
The San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department announced today Dorner's death has been confirmed by forensic dental examination.
Dorner was hiding inside a Big Bear Lake condominium Tuesday when he tied up Karen and Jim Reynolds and stole their vehicle. The stolen vehicle report led law enforcement's final pursuit of Dorner.
"Now that the search for Christopher Dorner appears to have concluded, we are addressing the issue of the $1 million reward," Villaraigosa and Beck said in a joint statement. ."
Dorner is
At the time of the pursuit, he was wanted on suspicion of the murders of Riverside Police officer Michael Crain and Irvine couple Monica Quan and Keith Lawrence.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
In 132 ballots submitted by AP members and subscribers,.
As David Panian, news editor for Michigan's Daily Telegram, put it: "It just seemed like you couldn't turn on the radio without hearing one of her songs."
The Grammy Awards in February were the de-facto crowning of
Accepting the album of the year award, a teary Adele exclaimed: "Mum, girl did good!" The emotional, sniffling singer endeared many viewers to her when she copped in her acceptance speech to having "a bit of snot."
"This record is inspired by something that is really normal and everyone's been through it: just a rubbish relationship," said Adele.
But her luck in love has since turned, thanks to her boyfriend Simon Konecki. In an interview with Vogue magazine, Adele said she was through with breakup records and done being "a bitter witch." When Adele announced in June that she was having a baby with Konecki, her website promptly crashed under the heavy traffic. Their son was born in October.
With such an avalanche of success and now a mother of a newborn son, Adele has understandably taken a step out of the spotlight. One notable exception was recording the opening credits theme song to "Skyfall." The song was recorded
"There was an overwhelming embrace of Adele and her music," said Joe Butkiewicz, executive editor of the Times Leader in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. "And that was never more evident to me than when I heard teenagers express their enthusiastic expectations for the new James Bond movie because Adele performed the theme song."
The song recently received a Golden Globe nomination. No Bond theme has ever won the best original song Oscar, but given Adele's awards success thus far, it wouldn't be a stretch to think she has a chance of changing that. The tune is among the 75 short-listed songs in the Academy Awards category.
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
CORRECTIONS: Did you find an error?
LETTERS: Have an opinion? We want to hear it.
TIPS: Is there a story we should be covering?
"Nail Scarred Hands" features the work of Rev. Gary V. Lett.
An opening reception will take place from 6 to 9 p.m. Saturday at the gallery. A closing reception has been scheduled for 6 to 9 p.m. Jan. 12.
How did we do? If you found an error or a gap in our reporting on this story, please
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON — Since faring poorly among Latino voters at the polls in November, the GOP has embraced the issue of immigration reform with a new urgency.
In reality, though, the Republican disconnect with Hispanics is about much more than immigration.
For starters, while immigration is an oft-covered topic, it’s not the top issue on Latino voters’ priority list. In a pre-election Pew Hispanic Center survey released last fall, a majority of Hispanic voters said education, health care and jobs/the economy were “extremely important” to them. But only 34 percent said the same about immigration.
Now, this doesn’t mean that from a political standpoint, Republicans should not focus their energy on immigration reform (more on that in a moment). What it does mean is that if they want to improve their standing among Latino voters, they also need to address other fiscal and social issues in a way that the growing Hispanic share of the electorate can agree with.
That’s easier said than done. Why? Because there is a significant gap between some pillars of the Republican platform and the over-arching worldview of Hispanics.
Take the call for limited government, a cornerstone of the GOP’s political message. In a Washington Post-Kaiser Family Foundation survey taken last summer, 67 percent of Hispanics said they favor a “larger federal government with many services” over a “smaller federal government with fewer services.” Republicans expressed a dramatically different viewpoint in the poll, with 80 percent saying they prefer a “smaller federal government with fewer services.”
What about another familiar GOP talking point: lowering federal spending and the deficit? In the same poll, 68 percent of Hispanics said it is more important to “increase federal spending to try to create jobs and improve the economy” than to avoid “a big increase in the federal deficit.” Seventy-three percent of Republicans said the latter is more important.
Indeed, these are philosophical disagreements the GOP must confront. But none of this is to say Republicans shouldn’t also help spearhead an immigration reform effort. If they want to revamp their image among Hispanics, Republicans can’t afford to stand on the sidelines.
According to 2012 exit poll data, nearly eight in 10 Hispanic voters said they support a path to legal status for for most illegal immigrants working in the country, something a bipartisan Senate working group proposed on Monday. And it’s not just Hispanic voters Republicans risk further alienating; the exit polls also show a majority of all voters (65 percent) said they support a path to legal status.
In 2012, the Hispanic share of the electorate went up, while the GOP presidential nominee’s share of their vote dropped, compared to 2008. That should come as troubling news to a party that is licking multiple wounds after a disappointing cycle.
But even as the GOP turns over a new leaf on immigration reform, it is still playing catch-up with Democrats. Already, President Obama has used the power of executive fiat to prevent the deportation of certain young illegal immigrants. By comparison, Romney, the GOP’s 2012 standard-bearer, adopted a hard-line posture on immigration and border security in the primary that cost him dearly in the general election.
Embracing immigration reform is one step the GOP can take toward improving its performance among Latino voters in future elections. But it’s not even close to a cure-all.
<|endofexample|>
When the Colorado volleyball team lost senior team leader Kerra Schroeder to a season-ending knee injury on Aug. 25, the Buffs knew they didn't have one player capable of filling those shoes.
"We had a very candid team meeting after the first weekend and we decided that this has to be a full team effort," CU head coach Liz Kritza said.
So far, the Buffs have managed to get that effort. On Saturday, the Buffs defeated Cal State-Bakersfield and Norfolk State in the Air Force/Colorado Invitational at Coors Events Center.
After a five-set battle with CSU-Bakersfield, the Buffs swept Norfolk State.
CU finished non-conference play with a 10-2 record, its best start since 1998 (17-2 start).
Nikki Lindow and Neira Ortiz Ruiz have been particularly important for CU. Lindow has become more of an on-court leader in Schroeder's absence, while Ortiz Ruiz is becoming quite a force on offense. On Saturday, that duo combined for 47 kills and 16 block assists.
Lindow played like a leader should, posting 25 kills and 13 block assists.
"Nikki Lindow did step up (after Schroeder's injury)," Kritza said. "She's filling a natural leadership role and she should. She has the most playing experience of anybody on the floor. She's responding very well."
So is Ortiz Ruiz. Prior to this week, she had just two career games with at least 10 kills and a career-high of 11. She posted 14 kills in Thursday's win at Air Force, followed it up with 12 against CSU-Bakersfield and then 10 against Norfolk State. She's the only player on the team this year with three consecutive double-digit kill games.
"I'm not Kerra. Kerra is great," Ortiz Ruiz said. "But, yeah, the team needs players to work. I'm willing to do that and I'm willing to bust my guts in practice to help us win and look good."
Lindow has been quite impressed with the emergence of Ortiz Ruiz, saying the team has "full confidence in her."
Throw in the calming presence of reserves of Michelle Miller and Ana Pantovic off the bench, and the Buffs are doing what they can to replace everything Schroeder brought to the court. It has shown in the results, as CU has won six in a row while building team cohesiveness.
They needed that cohesiveness on Saturday to get past scrappy CSU-Bakersfield and Norfolk State.
"It's pretty nice," Ortiz Ruiz said of the two wins. "I think we did a really good job in getting into and being together. The two games (Saturday) were opportunities for us to see we can be together and be a team."
Against CSU-Bakersfield (2-9), the Buffs had to battle more than expected before taking out the Roadrunners 25-19, 23-25, 19-25, 25-13, 15-13.
After falling behind 2-1, the Buffs played their best in the final two sets to pull out the win. Lindow had 14 kills and nine block assists to lead the Buffs. Ortiz Ruiz had 12 kills and Alexis Austin and Kelsey English added 11 each. Nicole Edelman had 41 assists for the Buffs.
"I think that for a team that's comprised of the youth that we have, being able to pull out five-set wins is really important," Kritza said. "It kind of shows what kind of character we have, what kind of leadership we have. When players struggle, they're going to have to be able to work out of those doldrums. They've got to be able to bring themselves back up. That's what that five-set match did; it allowed players to have some confidence."
CU carried that confidence into the second match, a 25-16, 25-22, 25-16 victory against Norfolk State. The Buffs held the lead the entire first and third sets against the Spartans (2-11). After falling behind 6-0 in the second set, the Buffs rolled in that one, too.
Lindow and Ortiz Ruiz dominated play against the Spartans, combined for 21 kills and only two errors in 35 attack chances (a remarkable .543 clip).
"Our goal was to stay consistent and not err a lot," Lindow after the Norfolk State match. "The passing was excellent, (Edelman's) sets were great and we were hitting high, hitting our spots. It was nice to see the efficiency go up a lot more. We definitely need to continue that in practice the rest of this week."
Next up for the Buffs is Pac-12 Conference play. CU will open the conference slate on Wednesday with a home match against Utah. The game is slated for 8 p.m. and will be televised on the Pac-12 Mountain regional network.
Notable
CU opened this tournament with a five-set win at Air Force on Thursday. ... CU has its first 10-win season since 2008 (13-16). ... CU's six-game win streak is its longest since a 6-0 start to the 2008 season. ... CSU-Bakersfield dropped to 1-13-1 all-time against the Pac-12, including 0-3 season. The Roadrunners were going for their first win against a Pac-12 team since beating Arizona in 1991. ... CU had never faced either team before Saturday.
Follow Brian on Twitter: @BrianHowell33.
Article ID:
<|endofexample|>
Big hair. Rock gods. Parties and vinyl.
The ’80s were nothin’ but a good time, so tease up your mane and relive the music and memories, and Alec Baldwin, 12. Tues., 7:30 p.m.
Where: The Landmark, 10850 W. Pico Blvd., at Westwood Blvd.
Score passes to the exclusive Rock of Ages screening at dailycandy.com.
<|endofexample|>
We’ve got major hoop dreams — but not the b-ball kind (we’re way too short and old for that).
We’re talking hula hoops, specifically those being whirled by Pilates instructor Jen Bleier for her new Hoopilates classes in New York.
In this video, Bleier teaches some basic moves you can do from anywhere — and, yes, you will break a sweat.
If you think you can’t get a hoop up to save your life — think again. Bleier uses a handcrafted version by Brooklyn-based Circle Candy that’s heavier and wider than the standard — so it’s much easier to maneuver. Plus, you get a better workout.
Making it a slam dunk.
To buy a Circle Candy hula hoop, go to circlecandy.com. For more information about Hoopilates, go to hoopilatesnyc.com.
Music by Theresa Andersson and Yacht
<|endofexample|>
Five Things to Do When Your Mate Can't Qualify For a Mortgage
byJan 30th 2011 10:05AM
What's a couple to do when one partner can't qualify for the mortgage? Take these five steps:1. No Blame, But Take Action!
It's an easy trap to fall into, the credit-worthy partner becoming upset that their dream home or the chance to save thousands might slip away through no fault of their own. In this way, a mortgage glitch can easily snowball into blame-gaming, name-calling, finger-pointing relationship awfulness. If you get word that your mate can't qualify for the loan you seek, take a deep breath and discuss the situation. Stay action-oriented and plan your approach to overcoming this obstacle to keep the conversation constructive, and avoid resentment and hurt.
2. Diagnose and Fix on the Quick
Consult with your mortgage broker about what, specifically, is stopping your partner from being able to get the loan, and whether the issue is fix-able. If the issue is that your mate has been out of work for 20 of the last 24 months, you might not be able to do much to remedy that particular issue besides offering an explanation to the lender. However, if the issue is that her credit score is 15 points below where it needs to be, your mortgage pro can likely offer some quick fixes (e.g., pay these two bills down by $X, then have your mortgage broker or banker do a 72-hour rapid rescore) to get the whole loan process back on track within a week's time.
3. Qualify On Your Own
It never hurts to get a basic understanding of your solo purchasing power; you might find that you are able to qualify for the home on your own. If you go this route, and you want the home to be jointly owned, most lenders will now allow a non-borrower (i.e., someone who didn't go on the loan) to be added to the property's title at closing. But talk with a local real estate, family law or estate planning attorney before you add your mate to title; if you break up, you could be stuck with 100% of the loan obligations, and only half of the rights to the property.
4. Get a Co-Borrower
Many lenders will allow a relative to be a "non-occupant co-borrower," newfangled lingo for the old-fashioned co-signer. If you've encountered an opportunity that truly is too good to pass up, you might be able to qualify -- as a couple or on your own -- to buy with the help of your mom, dad or dear Aunt Gertie. Check with your loan broker or banker.
5. Wait and See
In many real estate markets, home values are headed downward. This less-than-fabulous news for sellers is actually welcome news for home buyers, who may have many months or even a number of years to take advantage of today's affordability by even the most optimistic of estimates. No need to rush into this major commitment, for which your finances may not quite be sufficiently mature.
If your sweetie can't get a loan right now, get a clear set of action steps from your mortgage professional including the things that need to happen for him or her to pass mortgage muster. Need to be on the job longer? Got lots of credit rehab to do? Need to boost that income? All doable, with time. Luckily, you've got some. So, to steal a phrase from our friends across the pond, "keep calm and carry on."
<|endofexample|>
More Doom and Gloom for Global PC Market
by
Oct 12th 2012 8:05PM
Updated Oct 12th 2012 8:08PM
Third-quarter PC sales are down 8% globally, marking the steepest drop since 2001, according to IDC and Gartner analysts. Hewlett-Packard (NYS: HPQ) is suffering an additional blow, knocked from its top spot as world's largest PC maker. Lenovo (NASDAQOTH: LNVGY.PK) has finally succeeded in claiming the title after methodically buying IBM's (NYS: IBM) PC division and pricing aggressively towards this end. All in all, what we're seeing is an overall destructive trend in the market. In the video above, Fool.com analyst Andrew Tonner provides the full story, along with the likelihood of Microsoft's (NAS: MSFT) Windows 8 swooping in as the PC market's savior, and an update on how Apple (NAS: of this valuable report.
The article More Doom and Gloom for Global PC Market originally appeared on Fool.com.Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. Brendan Byrnes owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Apple, International Business Machines,.
<|endofexample|>
Can Chipotle Keep Growing?
by
Nov 7th 2012 7:46PM
Updated Nov 7th 2012 7:52PM
After a weaker-than-expected quarter and a timely short call by David Einhorn, Chipotle (NYS: CMG) has become decidedly cheaper in the past few months.
In today's video, Chris Bledsoe asks whether Chipotle can keep growing, and Austin provides his opinion on the company.
If you're looking for a different perspective our top consumer-goods analyst, Jason Moser, has written a new premium report called "Can Chipotle Still Grow?" It's a must-read for any interested investor today, so click here now and get started!
The article Can Chipotle Keep Growing? originally appeared on Fool.com.Austin Smith owns shares of McDonald's. Chris Bledsoe has no positions in the stocks mentioned above..
<|endofexample|>
6 Smart Moves to Boost Your Credit Score
Even if you're not planning on applying for a mortgage or credit card anytime soon, you need a good credit score. Here are some lesser-known strategies to help boost yours.. Consider your credit card debt, for example..
Americans are getting more educated about credit scores, and younger people are the most well-versed of all. But that doesn't mean there aren't some gaps in their knowledge. So what should you do to keep on top of your credit? Here are a few free tips.
The recession and its hangover have turned our bill-paying habits upside down. Cash-strapped Americans are paying off their car loans before they pay credit card bills and make mortgage payments, a TransUnion study finds.
It's not just politics that defines the differences between Republican-leaning "red states" and Democrat-leaning "blue states" -- and some of those differences may surprise you. For example, when it comes to credit scores, blue states are where the smart money is.
<|endofexample|>
SECTION 9 GYMNASTICS
School W L Pct.
Kingston 1 0 1.000
Wallkill 1 0 1.000
New Paltz 2 1 .667
Roosevelt 0 3 .000
——
MHAL BOYS BASKETBALL
Division I
School (Lg rec. /Pts.) W L Pct. Continued...
New Paltz (4-1/4) 2 1 .667
Roosevelt (4-1/4) 2 1 .667
Saugerties (3-1/2) 2 1 .667
Wallkill (0-4/0) 0 3 .000
Division II
School (Lg rec./Pts.) W L Pct.
Marlboro (4-0/6) 3 0 1.000
Red Hook (3-1/4) 2 1 .667
Highland (3-2/2) 1 2 .333
Rondout (2-3/0) 0 3 .000 Continued...
Division III
School (Lg rec./Pts.) W L Pct.
Ellenville (4-2/7) 3 0 1.000
Spackenkill (4-0/5) 2 0 1.000
Onteora (1-6/2) 1 3 .250
Dover (0-6/0) 0 3 .000
Division IV
School (Lg rec./Pts.) W L Pct.
Pine Plains (6-0/12) 6 0 1.000
Coleman (4-4/7) 3 2 .600 Continued...
Rhinebeck (4-5/7) 3 4 .429
Millbrook (3-7/5) 2 4 .333
Webutuck (0-6/0) 0 4 .000
——
MHAL GIRLS BASKETBALL
Division I
School (Lg rec./Pts.) W L Pct.
Wallkill (5-0/8) 3 0 1.000
Roosevelt (4-1/4) 2 1 .667
Saugerties (2-4/2) 1 2 .333
New Paltz (0-5/0) 0 3 .000
Division II
School (Lg rec./Pts.) W L Pct.
Red Hook (6-0/7) 3 0 1.000
Marlboro (3-2/4) 2 1 .667
Highland (2-3/2) 1 2 .333
Rondout (0-4/0) 0 3 .000
Division III
School (Lg rec./Pts.) W L Pct.
Onteora (5-2/8) 4 0 1.000
Spackenkill (3-2/4) 2 1 .667
Ellenville (2-5/2) 1 3 .250
Dover (0-6/0) 0 3 .000
Division IV
School (Lg rec./Pts.) W L Pct.
Coleman (7-0/9) 4 0 1.000
Millbrook (5-2/6) 2 1 .667
Rhinebeck (1-3/2) 1 2 .333
Pine Plains (0-6/0) 0 4 .000
>.
<|endofexample|>
This morning started out nice and early. Perhaps a little too early? We were on the subway by 7:15am, en route to meet our running partners in Central Park!
This was my first time running in Central Park, and it was absolutely amazing. SO MUCH snow, and it made for such a gorgeous backdrop.
Laura, Casey, and I met up with Theodora and Ashley for our run. I met both girls back in Chicago in the fall, and this was such a fun way to catch up with them while enjoying a run.
There were SO many runners out in Central Park – it was amazing! And holy hills, I was NOT expecting the loop to be so difficult. We ended up just sticking with the six mile loop, and then walked the 2 miles back to our hotel to make it an even eight. One of the best parts of blogging for me is that I truly feel like I have friends all over the country. Many thanks to Ashley and Theodora for a fabulous run – and one I definitely wouldn’t have done if I didn’t have running buddies to get me out of bed.
After we showered and got ready, we went off in search of the perfect NYC bagels. We found them at Ess-a-Bagel!
My friend Casey had told me they had tofu cream cheese, which sounded to good to be true. Thankfully, she was correct!
I got a giant crusty pumpernickel raisin bagel with raisin walnut cream cheese.
Exactly what I hoped it would be. I would like to eat about ten more of these.
After breakfast, we headed south on foot to explore…
We made our way to the Union Square Greenmarket – a farmer’s market I had heard was a good spot to check out.
The market was really great! So many vendors for this time of year, and some selling some really interesting things.
The weather may be a bit cold, but the snow just makes everything soooo much more beautiful.
I’m really glad we stopped by the market – very cool. I can only imagine what it’s like in the summer!
Lunch was kind of a FAIL. The place we were planning to go to (Dirt Candy) turned out to only be open for dinner – WHOOPS. So we improvied and ended up at a new vegetarian spot called Purume. The food was kind of meh. It was all nice and fresh, but not enough salt or flavor.
Lots and lots of steamed veggies, and some scary seaweed that I didn’t end up eating – too fishy.
We made up for lunch by finishing out our afternoon at Tu-Lu’s Gluten Free Bakery.
Laura and I eat got a sampler of 3 mini cupcakes – they were so good!
And Laura let me snag a few bites of her mint chocolate roulade cake. Hard to believe it was all gluten-free!
Mini cupcake of the day – chocolate with pistachio frosting. Heaven.
There may or may not have been a to-go box involved…
The boots I brought with me for the trip gave me horrific blisters yesterday, so I bought a new emergency pair of rubber boots on today’s outing. Definitely money well spent – there is slush and snow everywhere!!
I couldn’t put my blistering boots back on this morning, and sadly I think my ballet flats may have walked their last journey. Looking a little sad from all the slush.
Now we are back at the hotel getting ready for our evening adventures. Pure and Radio City tonight!
<|endofexample|>
Weekend Blogscan 15-03-2008Posted by Greg at 09:05, 15 Mar 2008
A few things to keep you busy over the weekend...
- Michael Tymn is "Debunking the NDE Debunkers" on his blog. It's like a debunking vortex.
- Curious Expeditions takes you on a tour of bioluminescence, in "Living Lights: A Glowing Compendium".
- Cracked riffs on "Seven Insane Conspiracies That Actually Happened".
- Robert McLuhan says there are "No Shortcuts" to properly understanding the argument for life after death.
- Loren Coleman is giving regular updates on his "Pinky Expedition" at Cryptomundo.com.
- Charles Eisenstein goes in search of "The Original Religion" for Reality Sandwich.
- The latest eSkeptic newsletter features "The Hydrogen Economy
Savior of Humanity or an Economic Black Hole?", by Alice Friedemann.
- Filer's Files #11 for 2008 has the latest ufological roundup.
- Greg Bishop continues his discussion about "The (UFO) Aviary" in part two of his UFO Mystic series. Part one is here.
- The latest Skeptico podcast features Dr Marc Beckoff discussing animal consciousness and emotions.
Enjoy!
22 November 2004
5 days 13 hours
The article starts out saying that "Unlike gasoline, hydrogen isn’t an energy source — it’s an energy carrier, like a battery."
Now that is nonsense, in that gasoline is not an energy source either. We have to pump or dig it out of the ground, as oil or coal. Then we have to invest serious amounts of energy to make gasoline. And yes you can make gasoline from coal.
Like hydrogen, oil and gas and coal are energy sinks.
----
wherever you go, there you are
1 May 2004
1 year 31 weeks
Hi earthling,
I think the key difference that the insiders consider is that gasoline derived from crude has about a 10 percent energy overhead getting it out of the ground and into your tank. (That is one of the reasons that 'peak oil' is scary, as it starts bloating that overhead.) On the other hand, hydrogen is so energy expensive, it is essentially break even on whatever you start with. Hence, the battery analogy. I'm not sure whether it is worse than ethanol, but in any case, it doesn't solve anything, except maybe displacing pollution to unpopulated areas.
Jet fuel from coal is my favorite solution. We have centuries of the stuff and the plants can be put almost anywhere near the (remote) coal fields.
<|endofexample|>
Read books by email or RSS.FAQ | Blog | Learn more »
Welcome, guest!Log in | Register to join DailyLit.
You must be logged to create new topic.
BROWSE BOOKS
Find Books by Category
Find Books by Title
Find Books by Author
© 2013 DailyLit, LLC
Read books online: get short installments by daily email (or RSS feed).
<|endofexample|>
HUNTINGTON, W.Va. -- Whenever the Marshall football team prepares to play a team in Texas, the players know the question that's coming. They've heard it before. It's not their favorite, but it's one they must endure.
Why can't the Thundering Herd win in that state?
"I don't hate it," defensive end Jeremiah Taylor said about the question with a forgiving smile, "but it gets tiring."
The Herd is winless in eight tries in Texas. It doesn't subscribe to curses or hexes in attempting to explain the slump, but the players are determined to snap the streak.
Their next chance comes Saturday at Rice. Kickoff is 3:30 p.m. and the Herd's Conference USA opener will be broadcast on CSS and WCHS.
Marshall's Lone Star State losing streak began in 2004, when the Herd lost the Fort Worth Bowl, 32-14, to Cincinnati. Since then, Marshall's dropped games to UTEP in 2005 and 2009, Southern Methodist in 2006 and 2010, Houston in 2007 and 2011 and Rice in 2008.
Sometimes the Herd has been close, like its 35-28 loss to Houston in 2007.
Sometimes it hasn't been so close, like last season's 63-28 loss to Houston or the 31-3 loss to UTEP in 2005.
Sixth-year guard John Bruhin can't pinpoint why Marshall's fortunes have gone so sour in Texas. It's just that they have.
"I can't really put my finger on it," he said. "Just going down there is a long trip. There maybe the lag time over it, but that's no excuse."
Get Connected
<|endofexample|>
Obituary Guest Book:
Get Connected
<|endofexample|>
Geoff Smith's Dynamic Album - The Future Of Content?
Geoff Smith's "Dynamic Album" concept for his new album "Ones and 0s" is brilliant and says a lot about the future of content distribution - (not just for music). This video explains Paul Colligan's () take on it all.
more close
07/02/2008
<|endofexample|>
UPDATED:.
WASHINGTON - President Barack Obama was preparing to present a limited fiscal proposal to congressional leaders at a White House meeting Friday, a make-or-break moment for negotiations to avoid across-the-board tax increases and deep spending cuts at the first of the year.
Lawmakers and White House officials held out a slim hope for a deal before the new year, but it remained unclear whether congressional passage of legislation palatable to both sides was even possible. | » Fiscal cliff likely to trigger filing delays for taxpayers
The Friday afternoon meeting among congressional leaders and the president - their first since Nov. 16 - was likely to center on which income thresholds would face higher tax rates, extending unemployment insurance, and preventing a cut in Medicare payments to doctors, among other issues.
For Obama, the eleventh-hour scramble represented a test of how he would balance strength derived from his re-election against an avowed commitment to compromise in the face of divided government..
Obama called for the meeting as top lawmakers on Thursday.."
Obama and Reid, D-Nev.,.
---
Associated Press writers Alan Fram, Charles Babington and David Espo contributed to this report.
Follow Jim Kuhnhenn on Twitter:
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
Drew Wolitarsky surpassed former Taft standout and current St. Louis Rams receiver Steve Smith by catching his 272nd career pass in Canyon's 42-9 rout Friday night of visiting San Luis Obispo (6-5) at Harry Welch Stadium in a Southern Section Northern Division first-round playoff game.
Wolitarsky, a four-year starter for the Cowboys, broke the record with a 6-yard catch from Cade Apsay early in the second quarter.
Wolitarsky broke Smith's career passing yardage mark Oct. 5 in Canyon's win over Golden Valley.
One play after setting the new mark, Wolitarsky caught a 7-yard touchdown pass from Apsay, giving Canyon (8-2-1) a lead it would hold the rest of the game. Wolitarsky finished with nine catches for 128 yards.
San Luis Obispo (6-5) scored the first touchdown on a 17-yard run by Nate Greenelsh with 3:28 left in the first quarter. Greenelsh finished with 106 yards on 10 carries, but that would be the Tigers' only touchdown.
Wolitarsky caught a 65-yard touchdown pass from Apsay 55 seconds later to pull Canyon even, and San Luis Obispo never led again.
Apsay threw three touchdown passes, including a 62-yard strike to Liam Cabrera that made it 21-7. Apsay added two touchdowns on short runs, and finished 13 of 20 for 246 yards and three touchdowns passing. Cabrera had four catches for 118 yards.
Dominic Pennucci closed out the scoring with a 39-yard run late in the third quarter. Pennucci finished with 138 yards on the ground on 14 carries for the
-- Dave Rogahn
In other Northern Division games:
Atascadero 26, Palmdale 7: Wesley Gitchuway caught an 11-yard pass from Jake Dashnaw to give the top-seeded Falcons (10-1) an early lead, but the absence of Demario Richard -- sidelined with a leg injury -- was too much for Palmdale to overcome.
Atascadero (5-6) scored 19 second-half points, highlighted by Izaiah Cooks' 66-yard kickoff return that led to an Ethan Hicks' 8-yard touchdown run. Hicks rushed for 92 yards and two scores and Dashnaw passed for 163 yards for the Falcons.
-- John Facey
Hart 48, Arroyo Grande 6: After stopping the Eagles on a three-and-out, Hart quarterback Brady White hit running back Connor Wingenroth with a short swing pass and he took it 76 yards down the left sideline for a touchdown.
Wingenroth added a 30-yard run for the score, then Arroyo Grande's Holt returned the ensuing kickoff 98 yards for the Eagles only score.
Wingenroth passed to Trent Irwin for a 24-yard touchdown, Arroyo Grande fumbled the kickoff and Hart scored again on an 11-yard pass from White to Andrew MacArthur to take a 27-6 lead.
Antoine Holmes had a 3-yard run to take a 34-6 lead.
White finished the night 18 for 29 for 349 yards and two touchdowns.
Valencia 43, Paso Robles 36: The Vikings (8-3) scored 29 second-half points to rally for the win. Sean Murphy finished the night with 342 yards, completing 20 of 40 with one touchdown.
James Berkley added 170 yards on 10 carries, including 70-yard touchdown that sealed the win.
-- Victor Corona
Quartz Hill 38, Redondo Union 21: Osirius Burke rushed for 170 yards and three touchdowns for the Rebels.
Quartz Hill (8-3) took a 14-0 lead on touchdown runs of 2 and 40 yards by Burke, but Redondo Union (5-6) rallied. The Sea Hawks scored on quarterback Harrison Faecher's 3-yard sneak with 22 seconds left in the first half.
Quartz Hill retook the lead on Burke's 1-yard run, 21-14. Quartz Hill's Royce Dirden set up another score with the first of his two interceptions. The Rebels stretched the lead to 24-14 with Rey Rodriguez's 22-yard field goal.
Quartz Hill put the game away on the next play. With 454 remaining, Quartz Hill's Devin Brooks fielded Redondo's onside kick, broke through the Redondo line and returned it 44 yards for a touchdown. Burke intercepted Faecher's pass on the next series and the Rebels had broken a string of three consecutive first-round playoff exits.
Dirden added a 31-yard touchdown run in the game's final minutes.
-- John Purcell
Palos Verdes 49, Antelope Valley 13: Cameron French had 13 carries for 97 yards and a touchdown and caught three passes for 29 yards, but little else went right for the Antelopes (7-4) at West Torrance High.
It could have been worse for Antelope Valley (7-4), which fell behind 22-0 after one quarter and 42-0 at halftime.
Andrew Alegria threw a 13-yard touchdown pass to Daniel Bernard and French rambled for a 15-yard touchdown run in the second half.
Antelope Valley turned the ball over three times in the first half and had just 38 yards rushing and 10 yards yards passing going into halftime.
Alegria finished 10 of 20 for 97 yards and a touchdown for Antelope Valley.
-- Dave Thorpe
Mira Costa 35, Highland 21: Highland lost quarterback Donte Ross on its sixth play from scrimmage. Using a mixture of quarterbacks and big plays after Donte Ross went out with a knee injury in the first quarter, Highland kept the pressure on before bowing to Mira Costa.
Jamire Jordan returned a kickoff 75 yards for a touchdown and Michael Sewell scooped up a fumble and scored from 63 yards in the second half, but the Bulldogs (6-5) could never catch the Mustangs (8-3).
-- Phil Collin
Chaminade 64, Pacifica/O 11: Terrell Newby rushed for four touchdowns and Donovan Lee scored three, including kickoff returns of 80 and 76 yards.
Chaminade (10-1) scored on its first nine possessions. Newby had touchdown runs of 79, 4 and 15 yards to cap the next two Chaminade drives and added a 5-yard scoring run in the third quarter. Newby finished with 141 yards.
Brad Kaaya completed 7 of 8 passes for 105 yards including a 29-yard hook up with Kayan Samadian for a second-quarter touchdown.
Lee's kickoff returns gave the Eagles a 43-11 halftime lead. He added a 3-yard touchdown run and had two interceptions.
-- Greg Meade
Lompoc 42, St. Francis 7: Jared Lebowitz threw a first-quarter touchdown pass to John Carroll for the Golden Knights (4-7) to cut the deficit to 14-7, but the top-seeded Braves (11-0) responded with 28 unanswered points.
Lompoc, which has won a state-leading 31 in a row, returned the opening kickoff 90 yards for a touchdown.
Lebowitz was 15 of 34 for 137 yards and was intercepted once.
North Torrance 27, Oak Park 0: Luca Bruno had three sacks for Oak Park, and Brandon Coppel had an interception as the Eagles (5-6) trailed just 13-0 at the end of three quarters at North Torrance (9-2). But Oak Park (5-6) managed just 102 total yards -- 68 rushing and 35 passing.
Jack Gerstenberger was 4 of 13 for 35 yards and was sacked six times. Coppel led the ground game with six carries for 49 yards. Kyle Espinoza added 15 carries for 29 yards. Oak Park also had nine penatlies for 100 yards.
-- Tony Ciniglio
Village Christian 38, Bishop Montgomery 21: John Amodeo had 33 carries for 218 yards and four touchdowns for the Crusaders, who scored 21 points in the third quarter after being down 14-7 at halftime.
Village Christian struggled to stop the run in the first half, allowing the Knights' Robbie Hou to rush for over 100 yards and two touchdowns. The Crusaders made adjustments in the second half to hold him to a mere 10 yards.
Jesse Hanckel was 7 of 10 for 65 yards for the Crusaders, including a 13-yard pass to Kevin Patterson to set up one of Amodeo's touchdowns.
-- Rick Gomez
Norwalk 49, Burbank 14: The host Bulldogs (7-4) fell into an early 35-0 hole against the visiting Lancers (8-2).
Norwalk junior Rashaad Penny had 21 carries for 154 yards and scored two touchdowns. The Lancers got 104 yards and one touchdown on nine carries from senior Bryan Sullivan.
Malcolm McAllister had 13 carries for 91 yards and a touchdown. Junior Matthew Ortega had eight carries for 42 yards and two touchdowns.
Jacquise Hooper also added a rushing touchdown for Norwalk.
Burbank sophomore quarterback Ryan Meredith was 8 of 19 for 151 yards passing. He hooked up with senior Teddy Arlington on an 18-yard touchdown pass with 1:16 left in the first half to make it 35-6 as the Bulldogs failed the 2-point conversion.
Arlington scored on a 4-yard run in the third quarter to make it 35-14. Arlington led the Bulldogs with 29 yards on eight carries. He also had three receptions for 76 yards.
Burbank's Francis Nicks had three receptions for 47 yards.
-- Jim Riggio
Monrovia 50, Viewpoint 0: Blake Heyworth threw four touchdown passes to lead the host Wildcats.
Viewpoint (5-6) was led by Dalton Jaklitsch who completed 12 of 26 for 67 yards. Adam Markun caught three passes for 27 yards.
Heyworth completed 10 of 13 passes for 139 yards. Ge Vontray Ainsworth led the Wildcats (9-2) with 116 yards on 10 carries and one touchdown and caught a touchdown pass.
The Wildcats' defense held the Patriots to 47 yards of total offense, including minus-30 yards on the ground.
-- Steve Goldstein
Sierra Canyon 20, Northview 7: Andre Nunez passed for 163 yards and accounted for three touchdowns, including a 40-yard run, for the Trailblazers (10-1).
Nunez connected with Brandyn Lee from 27 yards out to take a 13-0 lead. The Trailblazers held the Vikings to 170 yards of total offense.
Victor Garcia was 11 for 19 for 83 yards fo Northview. Garcia scored the lone touchdown on a 1-yard run with 4:09 left in the game. Javon Taylor rushed for 90 on 22 carries for the Vikings.
-- John Call
Flintridge Prep 34, Ribet Academy 28: Clayton Weirrick hit Kareem Ismail for the winning touchdown in overtime to lead Flintridge Prep to the come-from-behind victory.
The Rebels (6-4) had a chance to win the game in regulation by driving 62 yards in eight plays. The possession was highlighted by a 24-yard catch by Ismail to the 1-yard line. Three plays later, Stefan Smith scored from 2 yards out to tie the score at 28 with six seconds remaining, but he 2-point conversion run was stopped at the 1-yard line.
"We put this play in this week so we could get our 6-foot-6 receiver the ball" Flintridge Prep coach Antonio Harrison said. "We ran the same play to win the game."
The Fighting Frogs (9-2) took a 28-22 lead with 1:05 remaining on Andrew Morales 12-yard run.
"My boys came to play today. We played honorable football tonight," Harrison said.
-- Royce Kirkland
• Readers: Learn more about our commenting system
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Frederick Forsyth published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 12 » View dailypress.com items only
Andrew Lloyd Webber revives Broadway hopes for 'Love Never Dies'Culture Monster....
-
L.A. Times bestsellers and Chateau MarmontJacket Copy.......
What's the secret of 'The Power'? Bestsellers for Sept. 12, 2010Jacket CopyI......
-
Grotech Ventures chosen to invest state money in Maryland startups
Tags: Central Park, Portugal, Pol Pot, The New York Times, Bill BrysonAug 20, 2010 | Orlando Sentinel
âPhantomâ sequel âLove Never Diesâ â quick review from LondonOrlando Theater Blog(Each day this week, I've been marking the end of summer by reliving my vacation earlier this year to London and offering mini-reviews of the shows I saw.) You know those Disney direct-to-video sequels that are inevitably inferior to the original movie...Apr 27, 2008 |Story| Los Angeles Times
10 best films to see Paris on the silver screenLos Angeles Times Staff WriterIf....
Tags: Simone Signoret, French Literature, Los Angeles Times, Family, Audrey HepburnJul 12, 2007 |Story| Los Angeles Times
He helps give labor the edgeLos Angeles Times Staff WriterD. Taylor is anxious, pacing irritably as the rabble-rousing continues. About 150 workers have gathered at the Culinary Union headquarters here to rally and make signs for a Friday night caravan. Their plan is to clog traffic outside the big casinos to...
Tags: Democratic Party, Jerry Brown, Los Angeles Times, Internal Revenue Service, Colleges and UniversitiesApr 7, 2006 |Story| Zap2It
Elliott Is a Globe-Trotting 'Avenger'Zap2It.comHe's not dressed for the West this time, but Sam Elliott is still playing a lone ranger of sorts. A veteran of numerous cowboy roles, the rugged, distinctively deep-voiced actor goes contemporary as an international troubleshooter in TNT's new movie...
Tags: Nicole Kidman, James Cromwell, Timothy Hutton, Television, CelebritiesSep 23, 1999 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Lucie AubracTIMES STAFF WRITERFriday September 24, 1999 Claude Berri's "Lucie Aubrac" has it all: a tender romance, acute suspense, terrific acting, and a camera style and and score that are beautiful yet understated. Most important, it has an impeccable sense of period and...
Tags: France, Justice System, Plastic Surgeons, Lawyers, Barbie (fictional character)Sep 23, 1989 |Story| Los Angeles Times
From the archives: 10 Killed, 22 Hurt by IRA Bomb at England BarracksLos Angeles Times Staff WriterLONDON -- The Irish Republican Army claimed responsibility for a huge explosion Friday that reduced a three-story military barracks on the southeast coast of England to rubble, killing 10 people and injuring 22, eight seriously. It would be one of the...
Tags: United Kingdom, Defense, Personal Finance, Protestantism, Roman CatholicismOriginal site for Frederick Forsyth topic gallery.
Jan 25, 2012 | Los Angeles Times
May 20, 2011 |Story| Hola Hoy
Sep 2, 2010 | Los Angeles Times
Sep 9, 2010 | Los Angeles Times
Apr 30, 2011 |Story| Hola Hoy
Sep 3, 2010 |Story| Hola Hoy
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Chevy Chase published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 825 » View dailypress.com items only
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11-69 Next >
Tennis: Newport News' Slattery falls in round of 64 at USTA Girls 18 Clay Courts...
Tags: Boca Raton, Newport News (Newport News, Virginia), Tennis, Hampton Roads: Transportation Accidents, Technology, Chevrolet, Nissan, Auto Trends: Marcel Duchamp, Painting, Artists, Sarah Silverman, Fine...
Tags: Schools, Consumers, Washington, DC,: Howard Hughes, Research, David Attenborough, Liver Cancer, Stroke: Dining and Drinking, Volt, Bryan Voltaggio, Restaurants: Meatballs, Wildlife: Local Elections, Rentals, Voting, Government, Public Officials
Jul 18, 2012 | Hampton Roads Daily Press
Feb 3, 2011 |Story| Daily Press
Original site for Chevy Chase topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
NEW YORK (WPIX)—Challenged with three hours to hit three great events, PIX11 News reporter Sharon Carpenter went to work looking for entertaining events happening in the Big Apple.
Her first destination: The Winter Garden at the World Financial Center for "Range Rover Evoque Live," an interactive global music event headlined by chart-topping performer Cee Lo Green. Solange Knowles kicked the event off as the opening DJ and Vanessa Minnillo played host.
The concert also celebrated the release of the Range Rover Evoque and there were plenty of cars to check out. In fact guests can touch and feel the brand's first compact, city model, which will remain on site through Friday, May 27th. There will also be a unique interactive Range Rover experience open to the public for the week with videos and images of the numerous models so consumers can get to know the vehicle and even customize one.
Stop two on Sharon's 3 hour tour brought her to Brooklyn's Prospect Park for It's My Park Day. On hand lending a hand, she found PIX11 News' Greg Mocker up to his knees in water. He joined an army of New Yorkers young and old as they removed garbage from the lake.
Then making her way over to the very upscale Le Cirque, the day ended with a fundraiser for the Olevolos Project. The benefit was hosted by Bryan Greenberg, musician and star of HBO's "How to Make It in America." In attendance were Hilarie Burton, Emmanuelle Chriqui and Gina Gershon. Funds raised at the event will help build a library in Tanzania on behalf of the Olevolos Project.
The Olevolos Project was founded in 2007 to create educational opportunities for disadvantaged children from the Olevolos Village in Tanzania, Africa. Their mission is to develop young leaders through formal schooling, tutoring programs, and extra-curricular activities. They aim to improve access and equality to education, they pay for all the expenses for students who are unable to do so.
<|endofexample|>
Hi, I'm Stella. I love to go swimming, play rough with my daddy, chew on pretty much anything (it keeps my teeth clean!) and, of course, go to the park and play fetch. People always want to say hi to me which I am definitely okay with because I love attention!
<|endofexample|>
Please wait...
more adorable puppies are on the way.
Featured on 05/02/2009
147 comments - Post a comment
Charlie is the sweetest boy we could have ever hoped for. He has a bit of a thing for toes, especially ones that don't have socks protect...more
<|endofexample|>
Obama's American Dream a Mirage
WASHINGTON DC - USA - No one knows where Obama came from, who put him in power as President of the United States, or how he got into the position he is in now? The fact is that President Barack Hussein Obama is here now, and he wants a second term.
After telling the American people that the 'American Dream' is a mirage created by the US Government, President Obama is living proof that the 'American 'American.
Rate this article
Post your comment
<|endofexample|>
Issue Index
09-20-04 Mercer County dominates Bath Invite
By Lyle Kittle
LIMA -- Mercer County nearly came away with a clean sweep of the 2004 Kewpee/Bath High School Volleyball Classic, with St. Henry winning it all, Parkway taking second, and Coldwater finishing fifth after a final match loss to Old Fort kept the Cavaliers from the number three spot. Befitting a tournament final, the St. Henry/Parkway matchup was one of the better matches of the day. The Redskins captured the title with a 25-19, 25-18 victory. "I was very happy with our play today," Parkway coach Todd Henkle said. "I'm always disappointed when we leave the gym with a loss because I think we're capable of winning each match. It's coming down to our younger players putting it together. We can't miss three or four serves and just give away points. If you do that against St. Henry, well, you can't do that." The Panthers (8-4) played well, but no team would have been a match for the Redskins on this day. With all facets of its game well, St. Henry (8-3) bowled through opening round opponent National Trail, beating the Blazers 25-8, 25-8 in the middle school gym. "It (game against National Trail) was probably our most solid performance of the day," Redskins' coach Lori Schweiterman said. "We didn't have a period when we went mentally blank for five or six points. We maintained our focus throughout the match." While that was happening, Parkway was in the high school gym, shredding Lima Senior, 25-12, 25-10, behind a standout performance at the net by Rebekah Roehm, whose 11 first-match kills combined with several Lima Senior errors to drop the winless Spartans to the loser's bracket. Immediately following that match, Coldwater (6-3) took the floor at the high school to systematically take apart host Bath, 25-11, 25-18, to insure the Cavaliers a spot in the winner's bracket. In the second round, Parkway and Coldwater squared off for what would be the first of at least three encounters this seasons. The Panthers and Cavs meet in the opening round of the New Knoxville Invitational on Saturday and face off in a Midwest Athletic Conference match on September 30. Another possible confrontation could develop in the postseason. With the score tied at 5-5 in the first game, Henkle thought he spotted a hole in the Coldwater armor, and decided to attempt to exploit it. Five consecutive aces from Roehm confirmed the opening, and after winning 25-18, service specialist Diedre Adams took full advantage of it in the second game. Adams went to the service line with Coldwater leading 3-1, and before Coldwater could break through, Parkway led 22-3, with Erika Snyder providing the final point in a 25-6 win that propelled the Panthers to the final. "Serve receive has been our problem all year," said Coldwater coach Jeannette Vaughn. "It's the thing we work on the most, but we're just inconsistent. Getting over that hump is something we have to do. That (21-point run by Parkway) was just a complete mental shutdown on our part. We weren't setting the ball, we weren't hitting it, we weren't doing anything." "I didn't realize we had served that many," Henkle said. "When Diedre gets rolling, she can create a run like that because she has a great floater serve. We look for a spot we can use and then try to attack it as much as possible." St. Henry was on the floor next against Old Fort, with the other spot in the finals on the line. Old Fort had slipped past Northwood in the opening round to move on to the winners' bracket. The Stockaders put up a strong fight, but like National Trail in the opening round, hadn't the weapons to top the Redskins. St. Henry captured the second round battle, 25-21, 25-22, moving to the championship match and sending Old Fort to the consolation contest against Coldwater. During the Parkway/Coldwater match that preceded Old Fort's battle with St. Henry, Stockaders' coach Nancy Hoover wasn't just relaxing and enjoying the match. She was furiously taking notes regarding Parkway's attack on Coldwater's serve-receive weakness. The scouting worked with Old Fort taking third in the tourney with a 25-18, 25-20 win over Coldwater. "The most frustrating thing about this match was that we had control through most of both games," said Vaughn. "We couldn't put the games away when we had the chance. We just struggled all day." That brought about the championship match, which featured the two teams playing at their best throughout the tournament. Just as they had in their first two matches, the Panthers put together a strong all-around performance. As strong as it was, the performance wasn't enough to overcome the Redskins. As big as the play at the net of Lindsay Puthoff, Cami Lefeld, and Kayla Lefeld, and the strong back court play of libero Kylie Elking, the day belonged to the Redskins' setters, Lanee Mikesell and Christa Schwartz. "Lanee and Christa did a great job of distributing the ball," Schweiterman said. "It takes everybody working well. The kills aren't there without the serves, the serves aren't there without the passes, and so on. Our defense played well, and I thought our blocking was really on today." Play after play, Mikesell and Schwartz provided the front line attackers with clean opportunities to hammer shots home, and only the play of the Panthers kept the match from becoming a runaway. Adams, libero Cassie Gutierrez, Erica Yoder, and Erika Snyder on the wings and in the back court, and Roehm and Laura Art in the middle put together a performance that would have overwhelmed many teams. But with St. Henry playing at the level it was, Parkway's standout effort represented little more than a speed bump on the Redskins' road to the title. St. Henry's next action is on the road against Versailles on Tuesday. Coldwater's next match is on Thursday at St. Henry, while Parkway will host New Bremen, also on Thursday.
Phone: (419)586-2371, Fax: (419)586-6271 All content copyright 2004 The Standard Printing Company P.O. Box 140, Celina, OH 45822
<|endofexample|>
Alma Ellis as born Dec. 29, 1919, in Grayridge to the late Albert and Winnie Clevenger Stephens and died Monday, Dec. 8, at 12:35 a.m. at Missouri Delta Medical Center at the age of 83.
Alma lived for the last 26 years in Lilbourn. She had also lived in the Grayridge, Parma, Barnes Ridge areas of Southeast Missouri. She was a member of the First General Baptist Church in Lilbourn.
On June 26, 1943, she was married to Ed Ellis at Parma and to this union eight children were born. One child, Debbie, preceded her in death June 1, 1965.
She was also preceded in death by her mother, father, two brothers and two sisters.
Her survivors are her husband of 60 years, Ed Ellis of Lilbourn; seven children and spouses -- four daughters, Sue and Warren Clabusech of Apache Junction, Ariz., Phyllis and Mike Reinbott of Bernie, Pat and Joe Howell of Sikeston and Lois and Jim Shoemate of Cape Girardeau and three sons, Danny and Janice Ellis of Charlotte, N.C., Randy and Michelle Ellis of Westfield, Ill., and Keith and Leslie Ellis of Charleston; 19 grandchildren; 13 great-grandchildren; one sister, Glo Dean Smothers of Campbell; and many other relatives and friends.
Visitation will be from 5 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at Rainey-Mathis Funeral Home in Dexter.
The funeral service will be at 2 p.m. Thursday at the funeral home chapel with Pastor Travis Lambert and Pastor Martin Goode officiating.
Interment will be in the Bernie Cemetery in Bernie.
Paid
<|endofexample|>
Cecilia Peggy Bower, daughter of the late Fredrick Sauer and Philomena Dietsch Sauer, was born on November 13, 1913 at Dexter and departed this life in the Beverly Health and Rehabilitation Center at Dexter on July 21, 2006 at the age of 92.
Mrs. Bower was of the Catholic Faith, a homemaker and a resident of Dexter.
She was united in marriage to Clifford Bower in May of 1933. Mr. Bower preceded her in death in April 20, 1994.
Survivors include three sisters; Lelia Backfisch and Martha Guethle, both of Dexter and Benetta Svoboda of Avenel,New Jersey.
Besides her husband and parents she was preceded in death by three brothers; Albert Sauer, Joseph Sauer and George Sauer. Four sisters; Theresia Reichert, Margaret Olliges, Helen Wickham and Anna May Guethle. Friends may call at the Rainey-Mathis Funeral Home in Dexter from 8:00 a.m. until 10:30 a.m. Monday, July 24, 2006. Funeral mass will be conducted at 10:30 a.m. with Father David Dohogne officiating. Interment will follow in the Dexter Cemetery.
<|endofexample|>
Never run out of power again!
Vaas Mobile now offers a portable solution to your on-the-go power needs. With a high 50002, this power pack can hold 3 6 different USB tips - Apple Compatible, Micro USB, Mini USB, Samsung, Sony Ericsson, Nokia & PSP.!
---
<|endofexample|>
OLED panels are the next big thing when it comes to TVs and other consumer
electronics from cameras to cell phones. The OLED screen promises more compact
dimensions, less power consumption and brighter images.
Small OLED screens are currently found on some cell phones and LCD TV makers
are looking for larger OLED screens to use in HDTVs. Reuters reports
that Samsung
recently unveiled a 31-inch active-matrix OLED screen. Samsung says it will
have a 31-inch OLED prototype TV on display at CES 2008 in January.
Samsung declined to comment on the commercial availability of TVs using the
31-inch OLED panel stating that the panel being available for retail purchase
would depend on TV makers’ plans. With the very high cost of the Sony XEL-1,
the first
commercially available OLED TV retailing for over $1,700 USD, the price for
a 31-inch Samsung panel equipped OLED TV is a frightening thought for many.
Samsung didn’t comment on potential pricing for TVs using its 31-inch OLED
panel.
Samsung says its new 31-inch OLED panel is only 4.3mm thick and uses less
than half the power required of a typical 32-inch TV. The panel’s lifespan is
35,000 hours, which is the best lifespan of existing AM-OLED panels.
Exactly how many of the panels Samsung will be able to produce is unknown.
Sony is limited to 2,000 of its XEL-1 11-inch OLED TVs per month because of
production limits for the OLED panels.
Toshiba announced in December of 2007 that it would
not be bringing its similarly sized OLED panel to market citing production
cost concerns.
quote: Well my 20gb HDD I bought in 1998 is still going strong and is the drive I install windows on.
quote: I still see allot of 1-3gb HDD's floating around.
<|endofexample|>
In
our society alcohol is a condoned drug. To many, smoking is a
disgusting habit and smoking
marijuana is and should remain illegal in the U.S.
Many argue that alcohol, on the other hand, is an innocent
indulgence. However, vidence continues to mount about
the dangers
of overindulging in ethanol, the key component in alcohol, and a
substance that is mildly toxic to the human body. A new study
published in
the journal Pediatrics
has been released by the Harvard Medical School in Boston indicating
that teenage drinking dramatically increases a young woman's risk of
developing breast diseases later in life.The study found that
young women who drank a lot – daily or nearly every day -- during
their teenage years were five times as likely to develop a benign
breast disease. Benign breast diseases include conditions like
fibroadenoma, a noncancerous tumor.And that's not all, says
study co-author Catherine Berkey, a biostatistician at Harvard
Medical School. She states,
"Our study may suggest that teen drinking increases the risk for
breast cancer, whether in all females or in those who go on to
develop BBD, but longer-term follow-up is certainly
required."Statisticians and medical professionals are
calling the study significant as it marks the first time that teenage
girls were questioned about their drinking habits and then followed
up years later. Previous studies looking at breast cancer had
relied on researchers questioning adult women about their teenage
drinking habits, which is thought to be a less accurate
technique.The "Growing Up Today Study" enrolled
6,899 women when they were 9 to 15 years old and then followed up
when they were between 16 to 23 years old and 18 to 27 years old.
Of the teens, 147 reported having a breast disease, with 67 cases
having been confirmed by biopsy. The highest correlation was
among teens who drank the most frequently, but even teens who only
drank once or twice a week were 1.5 times more likely than their
peers to suffer from breast disease at a young age.Professor
Berkley comments, "I suspect there may be some small additional
BBD risk for even small amounts of alcohol consumed during
adolescence."As they say, correlation does not equate to
causation. However, researchers also think they have a good
idea how the alcohol is causing increased rates of breast cancer.
While alcohol itself is mildly poisonous to the human body and can be
mildly carcinogenic, the true danger lies in a secondary effect, they
say. Drinking alcohol elevates estrogen levels in growing
teens, which raises the risk of problems with the mammary glands,
which undergo rapid growth during the teenage years.Dr.
Patricia Ganz, director of cancer prevention and control research at
the Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of
California, Los Angeles comments, "For me, this is not a
surprise. I wouldn't scare (teens) and say, 'You are going to
get breast cancer if you drink.' [But] certain forms of BBD [do]
increase the risk of breast cancer. [And] the public health message
is, these young girls shouldn't be drinking anyway."That's
just one more reason, to develop non-toxic
synthehol, it seems.
<|endofexample|>
quote: Hi boss, I forgot to plug in my car last night, so I won't make it to the office today
quote: You basically have a 100K toy to cruise around the hood to show how cool you are, not a functional every-day car.
quote: But for a luxury product, They makes perfect sense.
<|endofexample|>
Sources: YouTube, Daily Mail
quote: RE: Not about chemicals By GotThumbs on 9/5/2012 1:22:04 PM , Rating: 2 Well the fact that you do not own the plane is important to remember. Also, ever think someone might place a caustic liquid like acid or who knows what, to sabotage the flight in some way? Personally, my one single goal when I do choose to fly is arrive alive. I could care less about some whiny persons personal freedoms. Go buy your own plane if you have a problem with it. Don't be too naive to think something can't happen to you....I'm sure a few passengers on the planes on 9/11 thought the same thing.
<|endofexample|>
When it comes to robots on the battlefield, the U.S.
military has a virtual skunkworks of contraptions roaming the ground and air.
In December, DailyTech
reported on the iRobot
PackBot which can detect enemy AK-47 gunfire via its Robot Enhanced
Detection Outpost with Lasers (REDOWL) system. Just a few months ago, iRobot showed off its
SUGV Early (Small Unmanned Ground Vehicle) which weighs in at 30 pounds --
this is compared to 44 pounds for the iRobot PackBot.
The U.S. Army is stepping up things in the battlefield robot
arena dramatically with its new Special Weapons Observation Remote
reconnaissance Direct action System (SWORDS). Three
SWORDS robots were deployed in Iraq and their capabilities put human
soldiers out of harm’s way.
Each robot can carry up to three M249 machines guns which
are controlled by a soldier through a remote terminal. This means that every
shot fired will have to be approved by a human -- the robot will not start
firing without prior authorization.
As of today, no shots have been fired by
the robots on the battlefield.
"Anytime you utilize technology to take a U.S. service
member out of harm’s way, it is worth every penny," said John Saitta of
Smart Business Advisory and Consulting. "These armed robots can be used as
a force multiplier to augment an already significant force in the battle
space."
The Army is pleased with the three SWORDS robots that it now
has, but has requested an additional 80 for combat use. Unfortunately for the
Army, additional funding has not been approved for the purchase.
"As [soldiers] use them and like them, I’ve heard
positive feedback, they want 20 more immediately. It’s a shame we can’t get
them to them," said SWORDS program manager Michael Zecca.
<|endofexample|>
Source: The Wall Street Journal
quote: Yes you can install Windows and Linux on an Apple, but why would that be a selling point considering that your stance on OSX is being superior to begin with? Also why would that be a selling point considering you can also install OSX and Linux on a PC?
quote: "Most developers I know work on Macs for this reason" is a personal statement, without any substantial evidence.
quote: Windows PC based hardware is universally more powerful than the same X86 based hardware offerings that Apple decides to release.
quote: Now that we realize that all OS'es can be installed on either manufacturers hardware, we go back to the beginning, why again is Apple superior?
quote: Further alienating the argument, the demographic targeted by Apple, just wants everything to work, they do not want to have to install another OS, think for themselves, or are not tech savvy enough to do so.
quote: Oh and btw, not everyone is willing to give up their freedom of choice for a shallow hipster image.
quote: I build my own PCs and I've owned Macs for work so I don't have a horse in this race, it is just annoying seeing people drawing weird conclusions out of thin air.
quote: All you anti-apple trolls are as bad as that pro-Apple Swash, the troll you seem to love to hate. Get the F over your ignorance. Or did you think you were being funny...
quote: That is almost as pathetic as Tony.
<|endofexample|>
Geni Wren Animal welfare and improving, monitoring and evaluating it are a high priority for the American Meat Institute and its members. But animal welfare, specifically for cattle and swine, is a complex subject not without its own controversies.
At the 2012 AMI Animal Care & Handling Conference this week in Kansas City, Mo., veterinary experts discussed the interface between animal welfare and consumers.
Gail Golab, PhD, DVM, Dipl. ACAW, director of Animal Welfare for the American Veterinary Medical Association, said there are three areas of controversy:
1. Different people evaluate animal welfare differently. “One group thinks about what is going on with the body such as health, reproduction and growth,” she explains. “A second group focuses on the mind and how animals feel, and their pain, suffering, contentment and pleasure.” The third equates welfare with natural and how close does the animal find itself to if it was “free-living” in nature. Golab says we are looking at intersection of these three.
“The reality is that we stray from the center where these three intersect, and we get disconnects,” Golab says. “Physical” people are not as interested in the “natural” or “feelings” aspects of the others. “People gravitate to what has more return on investment for them.”
2. Controversy arises when we don’t proactively recognize and address public concerns. Three main concerns, says Golab, are animals in boxes or restraint, things “cut off” or modified without pain control, and injury/death of animals. “Consumers care about what, why, when and how,” she says.
3. When consumer expectations don’t match reality or perceptions of industry performance. “Animal welfare has two components,” Golab says. “’What is’ which is what we are actually assessing, and ‘what ought to be’, which is social perspective and ethical concerns.”
Golab says what determines social ethic is culture, traditions, science and economics. “People decide what they can and can’t live with.”
Unintended consequences
National Pork Producers Council Chief Veterinarian Liz Wagstrom, DVM, says in the pork industry there is a lot of emphasis on sow housing and gestation housing, but that there is an increasing awareness of animal welfare efforts that the industry has made in the areas of pain management at castration/tail docking, transportation issues and euthanasia.
<|endofexample|>
Dalkey Archive Press exists to publish, promote to readers, and preserve modern and contemporary literature and cultures from around the world. Through its literary and critical publications, as well as its partnerships with other arts organizations and universities, it develops new generations of readers, writers and translators.
SPRING / SUMMER 2013 CATALOG
Download our new catalog for Spring / Summer 2013 by clicking here.
Fall / WINTEr 2012 CATALOG
Download our new catalog for Fall / Winter 2012 by clicking here.
NEWS
Dalkey Archive has launched four new National Literature Series which will allow the translation and publication of 2-3 books from each featured country per year. Visit the links below for more information.
Catalan Literature Series
Norwegian Literature Series
Slovenian Literature Series
New Titles
An American History
Notes for a Love Song in Imperial Time
<|endofexample|>
Photos
Coming up...
• Fela! @ Winspear
• Scarborough Ren Fest
• Editors' Picks for the Week
Photos: People's Choice Awards; newly-single Taylor Swift, Jennifer Aniston and more win big
'The Hunger Games' wins big at People's Choice Awards
The 70th annual Golden Globes are coming; See the nominees and vote for your favorites
<|endofexample|>
THE GUIDE FIVE: DINING OUT
Reservations may be required or recommended at some locations below.
1 SECRETS FROM THE WHITE HOUSE KITCHENS Celebrated chef and restaurateur John R. Hanny will talk about his book, Secrets From the White House Kitchens, which includes recipes and behind- the-scenes stories from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Attendees can take home autographed copies of the book, included in the fee, and hors d’oeuvres will be served. Oct. 16 from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. at SMU’s Umphrey Lee Center, 3300 Dyer St., Dallas. $99. 214-768-2273. smu.edu/cape.
2 BURGERS & BURGUNDY John Tesar will be joined by other chefs to serve specialty burger sliders paired with Burgundy wine at this fourth annual benefit for the Dallas chapter of DIFFA (Design Industry Foundation Fighting Aids). Other wines and specialty cocktails will also be served, and DJs Jennifer Miller and Paul Paredes will spin tunes. Oct. 19 from 6 to 9 p.m. at the Stodghill residence, 10401 Lennox Lane, Dallas. 214-748-8580. $75 per person; VIP $150. burgers2012.eventbrite.com.
3 KOOZA PRE- AND POST-SHOW MENU AT FIVE SIXTY BY WOLFGANG PUCK In celebration of the run of Cirque du Soleil’s Kooza, Five Sixty is offering a special menu before and after the show. The $60 fixed-price menu features three courses: nigiri and maki rolls and house-made dim sum; a choice of Hong Kong-style salmon, crispy quail “General Tso,” honey-glazed pork chop or petite beef filet au poivre; and peaches and cream cheesecake for dessert. Optional wine pairings are available for $35. Through Oct. 28 on show nights at 300 Reunion Blvd. East, Dallas. 214-741-5560. cirquedusoleil.com/en/shows/kooza /tickets/dallas/offers.aspx.
4 GALLERY TALK AND TASTING OF TEAS Join certified tea specialist Kyle Stewart, co-owner of the Cultured Cup, for an evening dedicated to the discovery and tasting of tea — a hot commodity on the Silk Road trade routes. This special event at the Crow Collection of Asian Art is offered as part of the current exhibit “On the Silk Road and the High Seas: Chinese Ceramics, Culture and Commerce.” Oct. 17 from 7 to 8 p.m. at 2010 Flora St., Dallas. $10. Seating is limited; reservations are required. 214-979-6430. crowcollection.org.
5 LUNCH SPECIALS AT CAESAR ISLAND Gyro, shish kebab, shish tawook, chicken souvlaki and kafta plates are $7.99 at this small Mediterranean restaurant. Rice, pita bread and lentil soup are included with the meal. Weekdays from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at 7650 S. Interstate 35E, Corinth. 940-269-4370. facebook.com/caesarisland..
<|endofexample|>
The Mavericks organization gathered Friday for its annual Thanksgiving feast. The timing was awkward, but not because it was Nov. 2.
Fortunately, there weren’t assigned place settings.
On a Friday in which Chris Kaman returned to practice, the Mavericks waived Eddy Curry, signed Troy Murphy and watched Roddy Beaubois hop off the court near the end of the workout, howling in pain.
If the Mavericks’ recent state had not already been so helter-skelter, there might be alarm that these latest episodes happened on the eve of Saturday night’s home opener against Charlotte.
“It’s not a distraction,” forward Elton Brand said. “A lot of guys are in and out, a lot of things are going on, but we’ve just got to focus on basketball.”
Just how fluid has the roster become? The franchise bid goodbye to Curry on Friday, even though the Mavs aren’t positive that Kaman, the only true center left on the roster, will be able to play on Saturday.
Kaman, signed to a one-year, $8 million contract this summer, has seen little court time since training camp began Sept. 29.
Kaman sprained his lower back during the first practice of camp, sat out for several days and played in only two preseason contests. Until Friday, he had not practiced since he strained his right calf against Phoenix on Oct. 17.
Kaman said he felt soreness while running Friday, adding that lingering pain is to be expected. His availability for Saturday largely depends on whether additional pain or swelling occurred overnight.
“I’m hoping. I think I am, but also I want to see how I feel in the morning.”
Why did the Mavericks waive Curry, potentially leaving them shorthanded at center, while adding a power forward in Murphy — who didn’t sign until late in the afternoon, too late to practice?
Donnie Nelson, president of basketball operations, said that with Kaman on the verge of returning and Dirk Nowitzki (arthroscopic knee surgery) out at least another couple of weeks, the organization decided that its greatest need is for power forward help.
Murphy, 32, has averaged double-figures points and rebounds in five of his 11 NBA seasons — but in the last two seasons averaged just 3.2 points and 3.2 rebounds.
Perhaps his most productive years were at Indiana, from the 2006-07 season to 2009-10. He played that first year under Rick Carlisle, now the Mavericks’ head coach, and the last three under current Mavs assistant Jim O’Brien.
In 2008-09, Murphy averaged 14.3 points and 11.8 rebounds.
“We need rebounding, we need shooting,” said Carlisle, whose 1-1 Mavericks have been outrebounded by an average of 53-40. “He’s a veteran guy who’s proven in both of those areas. We think he can help us.”
While Dallas might or might not have strengthened its frontcourt Friday, it may well have regressed in the backcourt.
After last week’s suspension and waiving of Delonte West, Beaubois appeared poised to seize the backup point guard spot behind Darren Collison. In the season-opening win over the Lakers, Beaubois had 11 points, five assists and no turnovers in 17 minutes.
As Friday’s practice neared its conclusion, however, Beaubois stepped on Vince Carter’s foot, turning the same ankle he injured in the exhibition opener in Berlin. He missed the next three preseason games.
“We’re hoping he’s going to be OK and it’s not serious,” Carlisle said, moments after watching Beaubois hop off the court on his good leg.
Cuban to aid Sandy victims: Late Friday afternoon, Mavericks owner Mark Cuban took to Twitter to pledge support of the hurricane victims and seek suggestions of where to steer his sizeable donation.
“Im going to donate $1mm dollars to support the victims of #Sandy in the name of @dallasmavs and @AXSTV ,” he tweeted. “Any suggestions on which entity?”
Follow Brad Townsend on Twitter at @townbrad.
<|endofexample|>
Advertising never looked so good and ruthless until Jon Hamm’s character of Mad Men, Don Draper, came onto the scene. Set in New York circa 1960, this AMC television drama follows the lives of competitive men and women of Madison Avenue advertising. If you’ve fallen behind on watching this award-winning show, don’t fret. Mad Men Season 5 will be on the big screen at the Dallas Angelika Theater every Sunday night starting at 9 p.m. You’ll also be able to drink like a mad man (or woman) throughout the watch party in homage to the Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce Advertising Agency. To sweeten the deal, the folks from Vintagemobile will be handing out gift cards and other '60s inspired giveaways. This free event at The Angelika, 5321 East Mockingbird Lane, will fill quickly so be sure to arrive early. For more information, visit angelikafilmcenter.com or call 214-841-4713.
Sundays. Starts: April 8. Continues through June 10, 2012
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
The >>
De Niro delights, even if this sequel's slight
You wanna kiss Jessica Stein, but does she merit the attention?
Q Cinema reveals the state of homo social evolution
Hanging Up is the best advice one can offer about this self-absorbed film
The boss of movie bosses skewers himself in the hit-and-miss Analyze This
Time is on nobody's side--including the filmmakers'-- in Clockwatchers
Albert Brooks keeps asking, "Mother, may I?" and the answer's a resounding...maybe
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
“A little hip-hop, a little punk rock. They are emcees with no beats, a hardcore band with no instruments.” -Charles Ellik, slam champ
“They rock the way I never knew you could without music.” -924 Gilman Booking collective member
“Holy S**t! I never knew poetry could be that way.”- Jim Goad
Honors and Stagemates
Meet The Suicide Kings as Individuals
The Suicide Kings are a spoken word trio comprised of three award-winning Poetry Slam Champions. Collectively, they are known for their explosive live performances and a stylistic versatility that has brought them legions of fans at universities, hip-hop venues, spoken word and poetry shows, punk venues, and in workshops with at-risk youth. The Suicide Kings dice spoken word, punk rock theatrics, and a cappella hip-hop into a breathtaking display that transcends what most people think of as poetry.
Their work reflects three lives and where they diverge and intersect: suicide attempts, human relationships, learning English as an immigrant, child molestation, Jewish and Asian identities, fatherhood, and personal triumph over adversity. They relate lyrics, poems, and stories that balance the profane and absurd on the head of a sword. They are the tattooed knuckles under the velvet glove of American poetry.
Honors:
HBO’s Def Poetry Jam 2003
West Coast Regional Slam Champs
National Slam Rank: 5th in Nation
bEASTfest 2002
They have shared the stage with spoken word artists, authors, comedians, and rock & hip-hop bands such as:
The Dwarves*Marc Bamuthi Joseph (SeeKing)*Jim Goad*Pitch Black*Saul Williams*Sekou tha Misfit*Sage Francis*Anticon*The Fleshies* Eighth Wonder*Deepdickollective*Dead & Gone*Ishle Yi Park, Beau Sia, Taalam Acey*The Cost*Enemies*Big Poppa E*Taylor Mali* Stacy Ann Chin* Roger Bonair-Agard
Geoff Trenchard’s poetry blasts you like a punk rock opera, taking the audience through the mosh pit of his mind. With a hardened empathy for the disposed and damaged, he has a style slick enough to spoon feed the boogieman nightmares. Since his burst on the San Jose slam poetry scene in 1999, he has hosted Bakatalk (one of San Jose¹s longest running open mics) and The Third Degree (San Jose¹s most successful Poetry Slams). After making the Silicon Valley Poetry Slam Team in 2000 and 2001, he toured the US and British Columbia. In 2002, he was part of the Berkeley Slam team who took the Western Regional Championship at Big Sur and went on to rank 5th in the nation. He currently lives in Oakland where he continues to write and teach poetry workshops all over the Bay.
Rupert Estanislao holds Quezon City, Philippines close to his heart and pens his immigration and experiences from his native home into performance poetry. Since coming to America in 1993, he has become the frontman for the multi-racial bilingual hardcore band Eskapo and screams a lot in Tagalog and English. He has performed at universities, high schools, punk venues, and slams all over the Bay Area. An immigrant, a punk, a perpetual novice who wishes to learn poetry from life on a day-to-day basis, he writes from beauty and brutality – attempting to pen his experiences from two cultures into the language of poetry.
Jamie Kennedy exploded onto the slam scene in 1999, on a team that took third place in the nation. He has competed and qualified for Bay Area team slots ever since. After being kicked out of two schools for his controversial performances, he created Tourettes Without Regrets, a kind of “psychotic vaudeville” show featuring spoken word, rock music, hip hop, and stage theatrics. He is known many ways and by many names: “hellspawn leprachaun”, “firecrotch” and as the outspoken great-grandson of L. Ron Hubbard. He performs regularly at universities, high schools, punk clubs, and slam venues. He is also a filmmaker, a novellist, and a father to his three year old daughter Nadia.
<|endofexample|>
Is there any way of running and compiling with known errors in the code.
Her is my reason. I am using a reference to word 2008 and word 2010, so as the program will work with both versions. Trouble is that if the computer I am using to test the code, only has one installed (naturally) so the program wont compile or run for me to test other parts of the program. There must be a way of ignoring error which wont make any difference to the run time compile program.
Is there any way of running and compiling with known errors in the code.
Compiling? yes, running? No because the program has to be error-free in order to execute the code. There is no point in trying to execute a program that contains compile-time errors. How do you expect the compiler to generate executable code when the source code is crap?
Do you really need references to both versions of word at the same time? If you have the reference to word 2010 just test your program on a computer that has word 2008 installed on it.
Not as easy as that, and it is not CRAP code it is CRAP software that doesn't allow for this to work. On VB6 it would have worked fine.
The reason for the errors is because word 2003 needs to have the declared
Imports Word = Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word to work, but 2007 onwards uses a completely different method and doesn;t recognise this statement, and thus the several hundred of statement that uses the "word" variable. The fact is that the compiled programme would never error because the code would route the programme to the correct version installed.
And I cant test on a computer that has 2010 on it as that will then error on the 2003 part of the code. nAnd in any case it is not so much as testing the programme as adding new code to other parts of the programme. I am at a loos as to what to do.
The only method I see available to me is to have a different database programme for each version of work, which seems ridiculous. But it looks like that is the way it has to be, or go back to VB6!
Couldn't you check the version and then conditionally branch from there? I found an example here: Click Here. Some sample code to look at might be helpful... By the way, what versions are you trying to support? The original post states Word 2008 and Word 2010, but Word 2008 is in Office 2008 for Mac only as far as I know.
The Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word namespace is documented on MSDN for Word 2003 and Word 2010 only, so apparently not distributed with any other versions of Office. That said, the Interop assemblies are available for redistribution. The assemblies for Office 2010 are found here: Click Here, I have no idea what will happen if you install and reference those assemblies on a system that has Word 2007 installed, and whatever code you write would have to be isolated by version and tested on a specific basis.
HKLM\Word.Application.CurVer also has the version number on my system (Office 2010), but I don't know whether that key exists in any/all other versions.
Again, it would be helpful to know what versions you need to support.
Yes, Interesting reading, and it uses VB6, which seems to work fine without the errors. I am trying to use all versions of word, ie 2000,2002,2003,2007 and 2010. But as 2000 and 2002 are too different I have decided to drop them.
I have now managed to convert the errors to warnings by somehow adding the references even though the computer doesn;t have the relevant versions installed, and it seems to work, I will know for sure when I try running the compiled programme on some other machines that only have one version installed, but I think it is going to work.
If you're all set, mark the thread as solved.
Thanks
<|endofexample|>
- Website
-
- Description
- I’m husband to my bride Amanda, A father of 5, and fully invested in seeing the Next Generation take ownership of restoring our world and the people in it. I do my best to lead strategically and think globally as my family and I have a blast helping begin movements of people all over the map.
<|endofexample|>
My LifeProof Adventures
Several months ago I had a crazy dream. I’m not quite sure if it was fueled by my desire for a LifeProof cellphone case, pregnancy hormones or both…but it was frightening. Well, frightening to anyone who is dependent in any way on their smartphone.
In my dream I was hovering over a large body of water while someone was driving/riding a jet ski below me. The details of this dream are quite fuzzy now, but somehow I fell into the water. Hanging off the back of the jet ski, the lower half of my body was submerged in water – including the iPhone in my pocket. When I got out, my phone was completely waterlogged – I lost everything on it! Suffice it to say, I backed my phone up upon waking!
LifeProof water test
When my LifeProof case arrived, the first thing I had to do was conduct a water test without my phone inside. This helped ensure there were no defects and that I properly closed the case. It was a relief to test it this way first because I’m still a tad nervous about what if… But this thing is waterproof, dustproof, shockproof, mudproof and snowproof. Yes! It can withstand my daughter!
I can’t tell you how many times she’s grabbed my phone and taken off, making me hope nothing bad happens to it. She’s given me several near hearrt attacks, especially when in a throwing phase. Good thing this case can handle up to a 6 foot drop! Also, I’m guilty of using my phone during meal times. It’s usually sitting next to my plate… tempting fate with a big spill.
Up until now, I’ve been pretty lucky. My days are numbered though… but now there’s so much I can do without worry!
Adventures I can go on with LifeProof
- Deep sea diving
- Swimming with sharks
- Mud wrestling
- Bungee jumping
- Sky diving
- Snowboarding
- Parasailing
… okay so these types of activities aren’t my style, but at least I can relax when Rissa plays with my phone while we’re grocery shopping and drops it from the cart. Or when it tries to slide out of my pants pocket while I’m using the bathroom. (But now it can function as an underwater camera!)
I’ve been impressed with how my LifeProof case has kept my phone protected, though I still have some issues with the screen responsiveness. I’m not a fan of screen protectors and find myself needing to press harder and fix a whole lot more typos than usual. Other than that, I haven’t noticed a significant difference in how my phone functions overall with the case on. It’s a pain to take off though since it’s meant to stay on for day-to-day use to protect against unforeseen accidents as well as planned adventures.
We also tried the bike mount which can be attached to bikes, four wheelers, and strollers to name a few. The thickness of your stroller bar will make a difference. I was having issues with the mount either being too lose (spinning on the bar) or too tight where I couldn’t actually lock it into place. I have yet to try it on all of our strollers, so hopefully I can get it to play nice with at least one because I like the concept! We walk a lot when it’s nice out, so this could really come in handy for me.
While I’m still adapting to my new case, I think it is a must have with a tech savvy toddler in the house (who’s prone to sudden distraction and destruction). At the very least my phone should now be protected against milk, yogurt and peanut butter. Maybe I can get some blogging done in the shower now too?
What adventures do you take your phone on?
LifeProof is also available for sale at Best Buy, AT&T, Target, J&R Electronics and Radio Shack. Protect your iPhone 4/4S/5, iPod 4 or iPad 2/3/4 today! (Other cases are in the works too.)
_____
Disclosure: We received a LifeProof case and bike mount for review purposes.Tags: adventures, bike mount, dreams, humor, iPhone case, Lifeproof, smartphone case, stroller mount, under water, waterproof
Love this! I also am not a huge fan of cases/screen protectors so I am a little hesitant on more expensive ones, but this really seems like it protects the best on the market! Water Test!?
Lindsey G. recently posted..Happy Holidays Event – Printcopia Canvas Print Giveaway – US Only
My son has the Iphone 4 and he is always on some adventure, skiing, off road stuff, you name it. He really needs this because is is terrible when it comes to keeping phones safe :)
This would be awesome! My husband had his dropped and we had to fix the whole front screen it was so cracked! He bought an otter box but to me it just doesn’t seem to hold up that well! This might be what we need to get him instead!
Would like to have this. Unfortunately, I am a klutz so this would work out well for me and my phone!
I think having to push a little harder on the screen is well worth it. I’ve dropped my phone so many times, its ridiculous! This sounds like a case I really need!
Jody Cowan recently posted..INFOGRAPHIC – HOW TO USE RAFFLECOPTERjandjsavings
I’ve dropped my phone a million times and in numerous wet places being the clumsy person I am. The places range from the Mud, a lake, the toilet, dog bowl, left out in the rain, flew out of my pocket when I was jumping stairs on a skateboard, etc. so this case would be so amazing for me!
Sounds like you definitely need one of these, Austin!Syrana
I want one of these for my phone. I have four kids and they love playing with it but it makes me so nervous. I love the bike/stroller mount you have.
I definitely this! I had a cute toddler tornado who’s almost 3 and I need something to protect my phone from her :) She means well but still has the regular toddler “oops” and drops.LifeWithBandM
you were brave with your experiment! would be great with our 4 year old grandson and wanting to use the phones!
Wow this would be so handy for a klutz like me!
This case is a must for someone living towards the beach. It provides the peace of mind of not having to worry about your phone. It is so easy just to wipe off the sand in the sink one at home. THANKS LIFEPROOF!
It’s only waterproof to 2 meters so I don’t recommend deep sea diving with it but snorkeling, surfing, and pool activities would be good to go. I am rough on my phone (went through three otterboxes before I found lifeproof) and I love the rugged, yet sleek case.fbomber42
Running, hiking, camping, and two kids under 4 who want to hold/play/throw my phone make a lifeproof necessary!!!
Anytime a small child gets a hold of my phone, it goes on an adventure! I would love to try this case.
I use my lifeProof case for swimming and when I wake board it’s awesome. Works great!!mcdaniel236
This is a must have for a snowboarder like me. Instead of buying a camera for taping it is so nice just to be able to use your phone. i want another case to give to my wife for a christmas gift! thanks!
<|endofexample|>
Hey teens come to the Teen Lounge to get your hands on this fabulous fantasy read. It is currently in two places, both on the display table and on the shelf under the "Fantasy" section.
One Book One Community 2012 Teen Programs
Teen Tea Making Party: Tuesday, April 10th at 3PM
Teens will have the chance to mix and match various loose teas to create their very own tea bags. After the tea bags are made we will enjoy our delicious creations with a celebratory tea party!
Titanic Movie Screening: Thursday, April 19th at 3PM
Set in 1912, Titanic is the story of new beginnings, second chances, and utter disaster. The movie follows Rose (Kate Winslet) and Jack (Leonardo Dicaprio) on the “Ship of dreams” aboard the Titanic, a ship setting sail to America from the UK. The plot grows as they each character struggles to follow their dreams and as the ship suddenly hits an iceberg the pair struggles to stay alive.
Summer of the Monkeys Movie Screening: Tuesday, April 24th at 3PM
It’s the late 1800’s in the prairies of Canada when 14 year old, Jay befriends four young chimps who have seemingly fell off a cart carrying circus animals passing through his town. When Jay learns there is a substantial reward for returning the chimps he can’t believe his dream of finally owning a horse may become a reality.
<|endofexample|>
MoreInfo
Here you can keep up with me, my music and my plans!
Here you can keep up with me, my music, and my plans!
Drop me a line to get added to my e-mail list for the latest news and special music and videos, just for you! Don't worry, consider me a bougie vegetarian...i.e., no spam...haaaaaa....ummm....I'll show myself out...
Name:
@BossManning For a quick second I actually thought they re-released the same movie under a different title. Really.
2 days ago
- retweet
- reply
- favorite
UPCOMING: Kingdom, a new musical
UPCOMING: Ham Sandwiches and Promissory Notes
Howard University
The Snowy Day
U.G.L.Y., a new musical
The D.Smith Project: Untitled
<|endofexample|>
Systems Programmer / Software Engineer - C, Unix-Linux, Multi-threading, IPCWSI Nationwide, Inc.US-NY-New York
Jun 17, 2003
By DatabaseJournal.com Staff
AUSTIN, TEXAS-June 17, 2003 -- Pervasive Software® Inc. (Nasdaq:PVSW), a leading provider of data-management solutions powering the success of application developers worldwide, today announced the availability of a product extension for the company's Pervasive.SQL database - the Remote Data Requester for Linux, enabling companies to connect their Pervasive databases to remote Linux-based devices, such as desktops, point-of-sale systems, set-top boxes and medical equipment.
The Pervasive.SQL server engine for Linux has steadily gained traction within the Pervasive customer base following its launch. When downloaders of the Pervasive.SQL Linux server trial edition and other customers were surveyed recently, more than 60% said they have or will have a Linux / Pervasive.SQL application within the next year. To further address this interest, Pervasive released the Pervasive.SQL Linux Remote Data Requester to extend the company's Linux offering. The requester is available via the Pervasive Web site as a free download at. Pervasive's products support various versions of open source and commercially available Linux packages.
The article continues at
Database News Archives
Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled.
Your name/nickname
Your email
Subject
(Maximum characters: 1200). You have characters left.
<|endofexample|>
Carbon Footprint Reduction
In order to affect the efficiency of our service and cost saving to our customers - by default we are reducing and maintaining a watchful eye on the print fleets of our customers. Which, through their consumption of power and use of paper contribute to the corporate carbon footprint.
The audit process Many of the customers we engage have no real idea of the amount of printers they have or the amount of paper they use. Our physical and software audits not only help quantify the size of this problem, but allow us to then work with the customer to reduce the effect of printers and printing on their corporate carbon footprint.
Implementation process By acting on our recommendation, customers will not only save money on their cost of printing, but will continue to so as we manage, monitor and advise on ongoing print strategy. As a result, customers who are conscious of their environmental impact stand to substantially reduce their carbon footprint as well as save money during this process.
Positive environmental activities
- Reduction of power consumption with rationalisation of hardware
- Hardware responsibly recycled where possible or disposed of in accordance with W.E.E.E. directive
- Reduction of printer consumables, and the waste they produce
- Reduction in the consumption of paper by the effective routing and control of documents, such as duplex printing.
On-going awareness We will keep you up to date with advice and recommendations that will ensure that not only is your future print strategy economical and efficient but that it also remains environmentally friendly. We can recommend printers with the latest revision Energy mark compliance, or reduced ozone emissions.
Useful links The WEEE Man -.
<|endofexample|>
In today’s dating scene, it’s not uncommon that more girls are wanting to take control and call the guys after a date.
If you had a great time and can’t wait to tell him, I recommend texting him after the date to let him know you got home OK and you had a lot of fun getting to know him. Leave it at that. But after a couple of days, if he hasn’t called you yet, you can call him to let him know you were thinking about how much fun you had on your date and you hope to see him again. If you’re feeling bold, you can even ask him out for the second date. Just don’t be too forward by calling or texting every day. Once the ball is in his court, let him make the next move.
Don’t let society’s expectations of women hold you back from getting what you want. Just go for it!
<|endofexample|>
We are a debt relief agency. We provide assistance to consumers filing for relief under the Federal Bankruptcy Code.
Representation of lenders, individuals, businesses and developers in the purchase, sale and development of residential and commercial property. Attorney Lima is a Massachusetts Land Court Title Examiner and conducts real property title registrations.
Representation of individuals and businesses in Chapter 7 and 13 bankruptcy cases. The legal fee is a reasonable all-inclusive flat rate. We are current on the provisions of the 2005 Bankruptcy Law and can help you seek debt relief while retaining your assets.
Representation of individuals and businesses in a variety of matters including incorporations, partnerships, contracts, real property development and transactions.
Representation of clients in divorce cases, modifications, child support cases and paternity matters. Attorney Lima is understanding of the emotional strain caused by this type of case while skillfully representing your interests.
Preparation of wills, trusts, powers of attorney, health care proxies, homestead declarations.
Representation of individuals who have been injured by the negligence of another. These cases include representation for injuries caused by automobile accidents, defects in property, snow and ice and dog bites. Our experience in this area of practice spans litigation, arbitration, mediation and trial in the Massachusetts and federal courts.
© 2013
<|endofexample|>
0
Trapped man in Haiti saved by iPhone app
Posted by on January 25, 2010 in Social Media | ∞
From VentureBeat When the Haitian earthquake hit on January 12th, it trapped American documentary filmmaker Dan Woolley among the collapsed walls of the Hotel Montana in Port-au-Prince. One of his legs was badly hurt. Luckily, Woolley was packing his iPhone. At first, Woolley used the phone’s camera flash to illuminate the space in which he [...]
Calendar
Recent Tweets
- The David Kaufer Digest is out! paper.li/DavidKaufer/ka… ▸ Top stories today via @annaosgoodby 9 hours ago
- The 10 Cutest Brand Mascots of All Time - The perfect post as Friday winds down for most marketers, here is a list... ow.ly/2wXyjU 12 hours ago
- The 10 Cutest Brand Mascots of All Time buff.ly/15Uj08K 13 hours ago
- Thanks @KreuzersKorner and @burstingautism for the #FF shoutouts! Very much appreciated - have a great weekend! 14 hours ago
- National Autism Association Provides Big Red Safety Box to assist families & first responders deal with wandering buff.ly/15TZtFF 15 hours ago
Links
Categories
Archives
<|endofexample|>
Girl s Special Occasion Dress in Chiffon Style V1249 3 3
Perfect This dress was perfect for my daughter. She is ten and was not a fan of the big flower girl dresses. Being that she is an older flower girl, she wanted something a little more mature. This dress was perfect! It was mature looking and still had a touch of little girl to it. My bridesmaids wore long chiffon dresses as well so she fit right in. I did have to order her a 12 although she usually wears a 10 but it fit very nicely. She was beautiful! December 4, 2012
Cutest Flower Girl This dress fit in perfect for the empire dresses that all the ladies were wearing in my wedding party. It fit perfect on the flower girl and was not to hot. the dress flowed beautifully. There was no need for the dress to get altered as it arrived to fit. July 8, 2012
Adorable! This dress looks better than in the picture! The fabric is very nice and makes the dress look so elegant! My niece loves wearing it! March 1, 2010
1-3 of 3
<|endofexample|>
You can have a big impact on moving us all toward a greener future in the individual choices you make each day. These are some of the easiest and most effective ways, in four key areas, to reduce our carbon footprint and help improve our quality of life.
Transportation:
-.
Energy
You've probably heard that Canada is the largest consumer of energy in the world on a per capita basis, and the second largest producer of greenhouse gases (after the United States). We have just over 30 million people, but we use as much energy as the entire continent of Africa, home to 700 million! Wasting energy hurts nature and your wallet because energy efficiency means lower bills as well as less pollution. Here's how to stem your energy leaks:
-.
Food
There are so many humans on the planet, simply feeding ourselves has led to all kinds of environmental havoc — air and water pollution, loss of soil and reduced biodiversity. It's time to clean up our act. We can have a huge effect on climate change by simply changing a few of our food habits. Here's how.
-.
Take action.
We've even made it easy for you to send a message to our leaders on issues that are important to us and the environment.
No one's asking you to stay home and lock yourself in a closet. Get out in the world! Just try to lighten your footprint.
<|endofexample|>
Novelist Catriona McPherson — who specializes in mysteries featuring amateur sleuth Dandy Gilver, set in Scotland circa the 1920s — picked up an award at last month’s Bouchercon, an annual convention for mystery writers and fans, held this year in Cleveland.
McPherson, who lives outside Winters, received the Sue Feder Historical Mystery Award for her recently published book “Dandy Gilver and the Proper Treatment of Bloodstains. “It’s one of the four McCavity Awards, which are voted on by the members of Mystery Readers International,” McPherson told The Enterprise.
McPherson had not been expecting the honor. It was her first time to be nominated for the award, and when she saw the list of other nominees, including several well-established writers, “I figured I wouldn’t need to write an acceptance speech,” she said, because she figured one of the others would win. “So when they called my name, I had nothing prepared to say!
“I managed to remember to thank two people — my U.S. editor, Marcia Markland of Minotaur, and Janet Rudolph, of Mystery Readers International. But I also should have thanked the people who voted for me! That’s how untogether I was,” McPherson said.
The award itself is “a big chunk of see-through crystaline material, with a cat on it. On the way home, I paused at the X-ray machine at the airport while they examined it,” she said.
It was McPherson’s first time to visit Cleveland; the Bouchercon was held at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
“Downtown Cleveland is very pretty,” she observed, adding, “I had been to Ohio before — I spent a winter in Wooster, Ohio, the sort of thing you do if you’re married to someone who teaches agriculture.” (Her husband Neil McRoberts is a plant pathologist on the UC Davis faculty.)
While at the convention, McPherson said, “I was on the ‘Fifty Shades of Cozy’ Panel” — the name being a reference to both the fast-selling erotic novel ”Fifty Shades of Grey” and the “cozy mystery” subgenre of which McPherson’s Dandy Gilver series is a part. “The other panelists included someone who writes a Southern consignment shop mystery series, someone who writes quilting mysteries, someone who writes the White House gardener mystery series (set in Washington, D.C). We were all talking about whether the ‘cozy mystery’ can adapt in an era when sexy fiction sells.
“But mostly, what I did was talk to fans, sign books and talk to other writers,” McPherson said. “I was out and about looking at shiny things, instead of typing in a room by myself.”
She has some new books coming up.
“I’ve recently sold a separate book — not part of the Dandy Gilver series — which is a modern standalone British suspense thriller, titled ‘As She Left It,’ ” McPherson said. As compared with the quaintly Scottish and historical Dandy Gilver books, this one is “dreary-grubby British,” she added. It will be coming out on Midnight Ink Press.
She’s also completed another Dandy Gilver book, “Dandy Gilver and the Bothersome Number of Corpses,” which is already out in the United Kingdom, and will be published in the U.S. in June. “It’s the first book in the series that I wrote here in California,” she added.
— Reach Jeff Hudson at jhudson@davisenterprise.net or 530-747-8055.
Discussion | No comments
The Davis Enterprise does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Read our full policy
<|endofexample|>
weirdest lineup I ever saw at a concert, and I was with my Mom
Sam Fox, The Cheiftans and Michael Jackson.
We then went to a local hotel and met MJs back up dancers and this dude who signed my programme
I think I stared at this picture until I wore holes through teh page.
You're a fake wearer sucker whose gold got busted.Cheaper than a hot dog with no mustard.You tried to steal my fresh and you got cold busted.Because your crew's all soft and I'm disgusted.
Kathy Ireland.
I remember putting up pictures from SI on my wall. When I got down the next day, my mom had torn them down. What the fuck?
My friends and I used to talk about him all the time
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
Point of my thread is I thought most would read boards the same way.
Point of my thread is I thought most would read boards the same way.
careful champ; you don't want to blow all 200 of your posts this year in this thread
The day you give your heart to Jesus, He will set you free.
Yes finally added Chriza to my ignore list.
On deck super mario
Last edited by synch22; 02-06-2013 at 03:37 PM.
there's always one that types something clever, then adds /thread.
you are a humongous faggot
did anyone answer yet on WHO this faggot is?
Team CAL
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
\\
\\
mexicans, we could play soccer
I hate being bipolar, its awesome.
Regular white people.
I live next to them now.
Friendship isn't about whom you have known the longest... It's about who came and never left your side.
Mexicans are hard workers. I'm gonna vote Mexican
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
You must be logged in to add to
your Wishlists.
- Home >Monthly Planners >Botanique Monthly Planner
Item #759-800
Botanique Monthly Planner
Color Choices:
Beautiful botanical accents bring a touch of elegance and style to your everyday planning.
Recycled product. Contains paper with at least 60.0% post-consumer material. Learn More
- Page size: 6 7/8" x 8 3/4"
- 12 months (January - December)
- One month per two page spread
- Room for notes and to-do's
- Past and future month's reference calendars
- Gray cover with floral imprint design
- Printed on qualilty paper containing 60% post-consumer waste using vegetable based inks
- FORMAT Monthly
- PAGE SIZE 6 7/8" x 8 3/4"
- SIZE 7 5/8" x 9 1/4" x 1/4"
- MONTH Jan - Dec
-
<|endofexample|>
Hi friends,
I need to create an unique index on a set of 6 fields, which combinedly make a record as unique in one of our tables(there is no single field which is unique on its own).
I need to know, how does Oracle work when it creates the index or when validating the uniqueness. For example, let us say the index is on col1 to col6, in that order. Col1 has values which have the maximum chance to be unique and col6 has least chances. So, if a new record is inserted which has an unique value of col1, are the other columns still compared or not?
The main point here is that I need to select the order of the columns in the index. What will be the best order : "most unique chances" to "least unique chances" or it does not matter?
Thanks
manjunath
When creating a compound index, you should use the field that has the greatest number of unique values as the first column of the index. That being said, with six fields in your PK, you may want to look at using an artificial PK for this table.
Jeff Hunter
marist89@yahoo.com
"I pledge to stop eating sharks fin soup and will not do so under any circumstances."
Thanks Jeff,
We will be first testing the index on the 6 fields and I will also test the artificial Primary key.
Thanks again
manjunath
Originally posted by marist89
When creating a compound index, you should use the field that has the greatest number of unique values as the first column of the index.
I've heard this same line repeated many times. Personally, I think it needs to have the following disclaimer: "All other things being equal" added to it.
Why? Because applicability of the index matters more than selectivity. You may pick field 5 to be the first field in the index because of its selectivity. However, what if you almost never include field 5 in the WHERE clause? You have a more selective index that will never actually be used. You can always fix your selectivity issue using a hint, but you can't force an index if you aren't using the left, leading columns. Just something to think about.
- Chris
Of course, I was assuming that because it is a PK that you would be doing DML against it where you would need to specify the exact PK. But, yes, if you are not using the most selective field, it would be a poor candidate for a PK or ANY index.
Gurus,
What in god's name is a artificial PK?
Nizar
An artificial PK is a primary key in which it holds no meaning to the row in which it identifies. Yes, it violates normalization rules, but it has become a common practice among today's "modern" architects.
In this situation, the user needs six fields to form a natural PK. If he/she added a field called "id" and populated it with the value from a sequence, any joins would probably execute faster.
Originally posted by marist89
Yes, it violates normalization rules, ...
I've heard others say this as well, but I just don't see it. I don't see how adding a surrogate key breaks any of the rules of normalization.
- Chris
One would still need a unique index if they want to make sure that the combination of all those values are unique, right ?
But may be you are right if you have a artificial PK the queries will be faster !
thanks
Sonali
Forum Rules
<|endofexample|>
Sorry the page you requested could not be found on this site.
You may be getting this page because the layout of our site has changed and you have book marked a page that no longer exists. If this appears to be the case please open our home page at and push F5 to refresh the page so to ensure you get the latest version of the site. You will also need to update your book marked favorites.
Please send details to the Web Master with details of the page you were trying to locate.
<|endofexample|>
After working with Batman, death no longer surprises Dick Grayson. It’s finding out someone’s not dead that’s the shocker.
Diana thought her parents stressed her out. But that was before she met her brother…
A little swordplay, a little sorcery… A lot of pages. Sword of Sorcery’s final issue has arrived.
Talent Directory
No results found.
<|endofexample|>
Thanks for posting here, I hope you enjoy it.
Regards, Qarl.
News via pspita
QMixer first release of a homebrew that simulates a number of programs for PC (Virtual Dj) dedicated to mix audio, developed by the two Spanish coder Qarl and Soulless. QMixer integrates a simple file browser to browse the folders of Memory Stick and, thanks to two separate plates, gives us the ability to control and run two different tracks and mix them while using the crossfade indicator positioned at the center, the four customizable effects controlled by the respective keys can also be played overlay what we are listening.
Following some pictures and a link to download.
Images:
Quote:
Features
- File browser integrated
- Two dishes to upload different audio tracks
- Volume control for each track
- Effect crossfade
- Four sound effects, one for each button (cross, circle, square and triangle)
- Indicators and Controls Play / Pause, Stop, separate volume
- Ability to change the effects
- Ability to change the look of the program
Download and Give Feedback Via Comments
Thanks for posting here, I hope you enjoy it.
Regards, Qarl.
New version of QMixer released (v1.2)
Visit the following link to download it:
Also participating in the contest psp-ita, vote here:
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
It didn't take long for our jailbroken AppleTV's to get rocking with custom Apps. The first app to come to AppleTV is called nitoTV.
nitoTV is a front end application for the popular mplayer media player. Using perian and Apple's DVDPlayback.framework, users can create playlists and add files or folders of their choice.
So what else does NitoTV do? Well it's more than just a media player. Supposedly you can even use NitoTV to play nes, snes, genesis, game gear and gameboy advanced roms, view RSS feeds and 3-day Weather forecasts.
At this point, you should be able to play almost any media file type. However, the installation process might have the unexperienced scratching their head. You will be required to SSH the files over to your AppleTV.
Note: The current installer packages are NOT for AppleTV 2, but the original AppleTV.
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
Red Snapper Season Extended in State Waters FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CONTACT: Vernon Minton July 7, 2008 251-968-7576 Governor Bob Riley has extended red snapper season within Alabama’s jurisdictional waters through October 31, 2008. After discussion with Conservation Commissioner Barnett Lawley, Riley cited the inconsistency of the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) to force compliance with the federal regulations regarding red snapper in Florida and Texas. Texas has a year-round season for its states waters with a four-fish bag limit with a minimum length of 15 inches, while Florida has an April 15 through Oct. 31, 2008 season with a two-fish bag limit with a minimum length of 16 inches. Current federal regulations governing red snapper fishing set a season of June 1 through Aug. 5, 2008 with a bag limit of two per person with a minimum length of 16 inches. Captain and crew may not possess any red snapper. “Alabama understands and supports the federal government’s policies on managing marine resources,” said Governor Riley. “However, we cannot stand by and allow Alabama's fishermen to be penalized without NOAA addressing the lack of support by other states." Commissioner Lawley said that federal regulations have little effect on states like Florida and Texas with nine nautical miles of state waters off shore. Alabama, with its three nautical miles, is significantly affected. “Those states can continue to harvest red snapper while our charter captains struggle with the burden of 56 fewer days of fishing,” Lawley said. “This economic burden is multiplied in communities like Orange Beach and Dauphin Island where offshore fishing is a driving force in their economies.” The Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources promotes wise stewardship, management and enjoyment of Alabama’s natural resources through five divisions: Marine Police, Marine Resources, State Lands, State Parks, and Wildlife and Freshwater Fisheries. To learn more about ADCNR, visit. ###
<|endofexample|>
The administrator may have required you to register before you can view this page.
Home | News | Digital
Camera Reviews & Info | Forums | Buyers
Guide | Digital Camera Prices | FAQ | About | Advertising | Feedback
All content, excluding forum posts, is © 1997 - 2012 Digital Camera Resource Page LLC (R).
<|endofexample|>
WTH.............
Last edited by SONYNUT; 10-29-2010 at 01:45 PM.
They should thank God for Ebay... This will probably sell to someone, if not for Ebay I don't think he could give this one
WOW! That looks like someone dropped it in the middle of an Interstate!
Maybe Don will buy it, though it's not new or expensive enough...
i throw away better lenses.......
No you don't!
I've seen some bent filter rings in my time but that one takes the biscuit.
How could that be accidental?
Reckon his Missus beat him about the head with it. LOL
even the one i rolled down concrete bleachers was less damaged...
I thought that was a joke item like the car only rolled once etc.
What do you mean damaged, just because it takes pictures like this ...
That's just slight wear and tear.
Home | News | Digital
Camera Reviews & Info | Forums | Buyers
Guide | Digital Camera Prices | FAQ | About | Advertising | Feedback
All content, excluding forum posts, is © 1997 - 2012 Digital Camera Resource Page LLC (R).
<|endofexample|>
Con, Shanosky played for Potomac Falls High School while rising quickly through United’s Academy ranks since joining the club in early 2009. During his noteworthy high school career with Potomac Falls, Shanosky acquired numerous accolades including 2009 All-State, All-Region, and All-District honors. The
<|endofexample|>
EXCLUSIVE: Walton Goggins has joined the cast of director Steven Spielberg’s Lincoln. He will play Ohio Congressman Wells A. Hutchins, a progressive Democrat who goes against his party and votes in favor of the Thirteenth Amendment to abolish slavery. He will co-star alongside Daniel Day-Lewis as Abraham Lincoln; Sally Field as Mary Todd Lincoln; and David Strathairn, who recently joined the cast, as Secretary of State William Seward. The DreamWorks film — with a screenplay from Tony Kushner based on the bestselling book Team of Rivals by Doris Kerns Goodwin – is set to begin production in the fall in Virginia and will be released in late 2012 through Disney’s Touchstone label. Goggins, who is in the supporting Emmy hunt for playing Boyd Crowder on FX’s Justified and next appears this month in Cowboys & Aliens and in September in Straw Dogs, is repped by APA and manager Darris Hatch.
Walton Goggins Joins Cast Of ‘Lincoln’
Awesome actor and presence, great to see him getting A-list film work
I worked with Walt on Cowboys and Aliens.. there’s not hardly a nicer guy or a more class act out there…
I hope he gets cast in EVERYTHING. They have a great actor on their hands on Lincoln now..
He stole the show on Predators… and will steal his scenes in Cowboys.
Fantastic! I’ve loved Walton Goggins’ work since The Shield days, and he has done his best work yet on Justified. Amazingly talented guy; so glad he’s (or might finally be) getting his due!
I’m a moviegoer and I approve this cast.
Fabulous casting! I adore him on Justified.
Looks like it’s Shield alum day on Deadline, what w/ Goggins and Chiklis. One of the best shows ever on TV. And Walton Goggins is awesome. I hope he gets in more awesome movies.
man I wish I had teeth like that.
it’s kinda ironic that when The Shield started he was probably the weakest link in the fantastic group on actors on that show, when the show was ending he was the best one.
In Justified absolutely amazing body of work!
Always like watching him.
Nice to hear other people say good things about him, too.
What a cast! Steven Spielberg is brilliant. Can’t wait to see this.
I met Walt while he was shooting a film in Georgia a few years back. He is truly one of the nicest people you will ever meet. He deserves every bit of success he has gotten and continues to get. Big congrats!
It will be chronologically challenging for Spielberg to mention the Nazis in this film. He’ll find a way, I’m sure.
is this guy related to brian grazer? also would like to know how much forehead is going to be in this film? between ddl and he I’d say they are going for the record
Fantastic choice. Boyd, Shane, he is amazing…. So happy to see some appreciation…
Shane I hate! Walton I love! Can’t wait to see this movie and great cast!
I have known walt for a very long time now. And he is an amazing human being first and foremost. And he got hit with the talent tree to boot. Go get em walt!! Hard work and hang on tight my old friend
the big question is will Walt / Shane be in the Shield feature I keep hearing about? The Shield TV series had flashbacks. It would be great to see flashbacks in the Shield film.
Dutch & Claudette 4ever!
Walton Goggins will win an Oscar for best actor at some point in his career. Love the book. Love the Goggins. Nothing but greatness due and coming his way.
Walton is the shit. He should work in everything, and on the weekends he should do children’s television just to floss. There is nothing this actor can not do.
let me explain to the suits on the thread:
Walton is Brad Pitt minus the pussification and highlights. He makes other actors work to match his level of performance.
<|endofexample|>
.
TV Editor Nellie Andreeva - tip her here.
Betty White’s Off Their Rockers has to be one of the worst hidden camera shows on television. It’s waaaaay over produced and the pranks are terribly unfunny. They should take heed from the Canadian show, Just For Laughs.
I think the Betty White show is produced very well. It doesn’t look or feel cheaply made and I think it’s very funny… and a nice change from the typical crap on TV.
Cougar Town after Modern Family doesnt seem so bad now does it ABC?
Thanx for the numbers Nellie. I’m glad the bitch on Abc went up. Also,how long can Nbc continue airing Betty White’s show? Nbc must be the ones off their rockers. Another Nbc show with terrible numbers. I know they might not have anything to replace it with at the moment. It is really a shame what has become of this once dominant network. Seems the peacock is no longer relevant to anyone anymore. Very depressing.
Cougar town is horribly written and IMHO I think it’s ruined coxs career
I believe Betty White’s stroke of luck is about to come to an end as now it’s nothing more than over-exposure of her on NBC and other formats. Just doing shows like this is just hurting her reputation right now. Just call it a career already Betty. Rock Center is about to be rock-bottomed as that show has never had consistency before, but what NBC show has? NBC is awful!!
This show might have been more of a hit had it not been for all the sex related skits.
They did not need them….more in the veinof the old “candid camera” would have been much more entertaining – using the”Old Folks”
<|endofexample|>
We perform distribution, substation and emergency response support across the continental United States. We are proud to have helped restore power to places such as Louisiana, Texas, Florida, Kentucky, Arkansas, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Maine, Vermont, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York and Massachusetts, among others, following natural disasters such as hurricanes, ice storms, etc.
Key Benefits:
Emergency service 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Capable of mobilizing 100s of workers quickly and efficiently
We have supervised as many as 265 workers on a single event/storm.
UTILITY & STORM WORK
<|endofexample|>
- Study at Deakin
- Campus life
- Research
-
Assessment for the overall Research Paper comprising both EXR796 and EXR797 is a research report of 12000 - 15000 words (100%) applicable at completion of EXR797 Research Paper Part B.
Research papers will normally be assessed by one examiner. These examiners will normally be appointed from amongst School of Education academic staff, excluding the supervisor. The relevant Masters research paper coordinator.
<|endofexample|>
- Study at Deakin
- Campus life
- Research
- Industry and community
- About Deakin
Content
This unit covers the structure and function of blood; cardiovascular and respiratory physiology; the processes involved in excretion of wastes from the body; the significance and maintenance of acid-base and fluid balance.
Assessment
1 x class test 30%, 1 x practical test.
<|endofexample|>
> Computers > Storage and Media > Hard Drives>
Seagate ST320005EXA101-RK (2 TB)
Seagate 2TB External at Amazon
Pros: Fast and so far reliable, great addition to my 12TB storage I already have.
Cons: Lies flat, not stackable. Thicker pads needed to add height and maybe make it stackable.
Bottom Line:
Worth the price and the price is at least $10 below the local stores around here. Because it is over $25 it is free shipping. Great deal. Read More at Epinions.com
Aug 23, 2010
Clicking noise after only 5 weeks
Pros: Attractive body design, drive activity lamp on front, good price.
Cons: Quality control issues - drive shouldn't be used for anything critical.
Bottom Line:
Ordinarily, this would be a great drive for $130, but not this one. Read More at Epinions.com
Drive Failed
Pros: Small, compact, and portable
Cons: Drive is prone to failure. I would not recommend this drive. Read More at Epinions.com
<|endofexample|>
Shopping
> Kids and Family
> Cribs and Bassinets > Dream On Me > Amazon
Deals for Cribs and Bassinets
0 items
+
Show Filters
Price Range
- Brand
- Store
- Type
- Type
- Baby Activity Type
- Mattress Included
- Baby Health and Hygiene Type
- Safety Features
Offer You May Also Like
Dream On Me Karley Bassinet, P
Easily folds flat for storage or travel. M...
$63.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me Tag-A-Long Strolle
The Tag A Long Stroller Board is a compact...
$69.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me Karley Bassinet, G
The brightly colored Dream on Me scout has...
$63.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me Full Size Play Yar
The Dream On Me full size play yard can be...
$59.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me Orthopedic Firm Fo
The Dream On Me Extra Firm Foam Orthopedic...
$69.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me 2 in 1 Lightweight
The Dream On Me, 2-in-1 lightweight portab...
$119.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me Deluxe Toddler day
This durable, solid wood, Deluxe Toddler d...
$134.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me Highchair, Ellispe
Your baby will enjoy their dining experien...
$124.99
Free Shipping
Dream On Me 2 In 1 Baby Bather
Take charge of bath time, with the Dream o...
$103.99
Free Shipping
Best Deals in Cribs and Bassinets
Related Searches
22 jersey , Antique lens , Bengals jersey boomer , Bengals jersey xxl , Bengals jersey youth , Bengals signed , Brass lens , Brown , Browns jersey , Camby jersey , Cincinnati bengals , Cleveland browns jersey , Coach bag , Dallmeyer , Snapshot baseball , Spiralite , Spiratone 400 , Steelers jersey , Tanning bed , Tanzanite
<|endofexample|>
Are you trying to find the Best Discount Vouchers in Sydney? Well you have landed at the right place. Dealworkz is the ideal online destination for great deals and offers. There are so many products to choose from that you will be spoilt for choice. Take your pick from a wide variety of Discount Vouchers in Sydney. This is indeed the best way to save money while you spend some. So go ahead and make the most of these amazing Sydney Discount Vouchers.
<|endofexample|>
Indoor Gardening
It does not matter if you are an experienced gardener or you are just starting out, anyone can successfully conquer indoor gardening with the right tools and understanding of the process. There are many things that you will need to know before you get started. Make sure you take the time to fully research how to get setup, how to have your garden grow and how to maintain all that you have worked so hard to grow. Everything from grow lights to hydroponic growing techniques will need to be known before you even begin.
To get vitamin rich vegetables, large amounts of produce, year around production, disease free product and easy maintenance you will want to learn more about gardening indoors. When you are ready to begin indoor gardening, it is important to setup your area properly. Make sure that you measure and then measure again before placing your grow box because you will need ample amount of room around the box as well as above the box. You will also want to make sure it is in a fairly open space so that you can proper ventilation and air movement around your box. Overall, this is a great way to grow many different kinds of plants and vegetables and will give you the most organic outcome possible.
Once you get your garden set up, you can now begin growing your plants. Make sure that you follow the specific guidelines that are included with your grow box. Many boxes are different and therefore to get the best and most satisfactory outcome, you will need to be educated on your specific box. The great thing about using indoor gardening is that you will not need soil and the water is constantly being recycled so you will not waste any precious resources.
After you have your garden growing, it is important to maintain the correct amount of nutrients in your plant system so that you can produce as much as you like. Indoor gardening is a great way to bring your garden inside during the cold months or even all year around. Many people, who do not have room for a conventional garden at their home, will choose to grow inside. With the proper amount of education and understanding of how to correctly do indoor gardening, you too will be able to have your favorite flowering plant, delicious vegetables and beautiful herbs growing inside of your home.
<|endofexample|>
Search
Publisher: Au Bord Des Continents
List price: € 2.50
Deastore.com price (info) $ 3.70
Shipping Costs: 0€ FREE Shipping by Standard Mail Details
Format: General merchandise
Publication date: 06 October 2011
Usually shipped within: (info) Not available
Publisher & Imprint: Au Bord Des Continents
More info: weight 126 grTop page Departments: Domestic animals and pets;
Record updated at: 02 November, 2012 time: 19
<|endofexample|>
As a college student in the “broke as a joke” demographic, any company’s effort to combat the criminal practice of textbook sales is much appreciated.
As a soon-to-graduate college senior, I’ve experienced the financial woes that entail the college experience, to some extent. I was lucky enough to earn a few state scholarships that covered a good deal of my tuition and fees, but due to recent budget cuts in Florida my prize of free textbooks has been revoked and I’ve been forced to confront the blunt trauma of textbook purchasing.
It could be effectively argued that college textbook sales are a criminal undertaking. Nearly every college student has gone through the injustice of purchasing a brand new textbook, barely turning a page because the professor decided it wasn’t necessary for the curriculum (or worse, the professor includes their own books in the required curriculum for personal profit), then being given the cold shoulder by college bookstores on a buyback after your “latest edition” textbook is no longer the latest edition.
I’ve opened the pages of so-called “newer editions” of the textbook I’ve attempted to sell back and seen no more new additions than a few updated pictures and sources. Unfortunately, in the system students have to deal with right now, you’re lucky to walk away with 20% of the book’s original listing price if it’s deemed out-of-date.
Amazon’s latest announcement will have college students, and Kindle owners particularly, finally optimistic about purchasing or renting textbooks this semester. Kindle owners, or anyone with a Kindle reading app, can choose to rent participating textbooks for a span of 30 to 360 days, saving up to 80% on the listing price.
Amazon started its positive relationship with college students by offering a free Prime membership, entailing highly discounted shipping costs to any Prime-eligible item, including textbooks. Now, students like myself who used to only order the discounted textbook for midterm and finals week can choose to rent books for only as long as they’re needed, with a 30-day minimum. Very rarely have I seen a professor utilize a textbook for more than 30 days the entire semester.
What may sound like a shameless pandering to Amazon is actually one student’s grateful recognition of a company’s efforts to ease the unnecessary and overwhelming burden placed on students’ wallets to simply purchase the course materials required of them. With the ability to save notes and annotations even after the rental is over, Amazon is finally allowing many students to use textbooks for the length and purpose which they actually use them.
In an increasingly digital world, it’s encouraging to see the digital consumption of goods extend into the college campus, as such devices have made the most valued college resources more inexpensive and accessible to students. Services like Netflix make owning a TV with cable nearly futile, while Hulu Plus also offers a free one-month trial for users that register with a student e-mail account.
As education budgets are slashed, tuition continues to skyrocket and students reliant on ramen and instant coffee are left in the crossfire. It’s encouraging to see major companies like Amazon offer services to at least ease some of the burden accumulated in the form of student debt.
<|endofexample|>
This might be a game changer: Sands casino CEO Sheldon Adelson just donated $10 million to the biggest pro-Romney SuperPAC, and he claims there’s a lot more where that came from. He’s indicated that he’ll go at last up to $100 million as a rough ballpark, but Forbes reports that his real number is actually bigger: “limitless.”
Forbes points out that Adelson is worth $24.9 billion, and that his recent $10 million donation is equivalent to $40 to a family of 4 with a net worth of $100,000. Donating hundreds of millions of dollars—or whatever amount it would take to overwhelm Obama’s fundraising efforts—wouldn’t make a dent in his personal fortune, and he seems to be serious about about doing just that. “No price is too high,” says Adelson.
His reasoning sounds lifted verbatim from a Fox News segment:
What scares me is the continuation of the socialist-style economy we’ve been experiencing for almost four years. That scares me because the redistribution of wealth is the path to more socialism, and to more of the government controlling people’s lives.
…
U.S. domestic politics is very important to me because I see that the things that made this country great are now being relegated into duplicating that which is making other countries less great.
I guess it’s understandable why very rich people would hate the phrase “redistributing wealth.” But this line of logic always amazes me. It’s as if these people have never heard of the New Deal, which “redistributed wealth” to the tune of pulling us out of the Great Depression. It’s as if they’ve never driven on a highway, for that matter, which were all built by pooling dollars to create something collectively that we would never build otherwise.
The things that make this country great aren’t just an every-man-for-himself free-for-all that allows guys like Adelson to get insanely rich. It’s a hybrid free market and social-minded approach that both allows guys like Adelson to get insanely rich and also gives him a road to drive on when he walks out the front door of his house.
Beyond Adelson’s line of reasoning, what’s troubling about his promise of “limitless” funds is that it almost guarantees Obama’s wealthy backers will feel pressured to match, making it basically a zero sum game but ensuring that political dialogue becomes a matter of inundating voters with paid messaging. That’s not how voting was supposed to work. But it’s the new reality of how things are.
June 14, 2012 at 9:31 pm, Rob Kane said:
Obama is a socialist as much as Jamie Dimon.
July 10, 2012 at 1:35 pm, Obama sweating over Mitt’s fundraising | Death and Taxes said:
[...] donations to Super PACS now possible under Citizens United, and ultra-rich conservatives like Sheldon Adelson who vowed to donate at least $100 million personally to Romney, that drubbing is probably worse [...]
August 15, 2012 at 12:41 pm, Obama gets his own Swift Boat attack ad (video) | Death and Taxes said:
[...] have a motive to discredit the president’s most celebrated achievement? The Koch Brothers? Sheldon Adelseon? Romney campaign insiders? Thanks to our regulatory rules we’ll never know—but what’s [...]
November 07, 2012 at 3:23 pm, Election 2012′s biggest loser: Citizens United | Death and Taxes said:
[...] with lots of super-rich people. And they came forward, with guys like casino owner Sheldon Adelson pledging to donate at least $100 million to the Romney effort but saying he’s spend whatever it took to get him elected.As early as [...]
December 03, 2012 at 3:00 pm, Sheldon Adelson blew $150 million trying to get Romney elected | Death and Taxes said:
[...] to get Romney elected By Alex Moore 1 min agoIn the presidential campaign Sands Casino magnate Sheldon Adelson pledged $100 million to pro-Romney groups and promised to spend “as much as it takes” [...]
<|endofexample|>
Tiesto announced today that he will perform at the famed Staples Center in Los Angeles, California on Saturday, October 20. Tickets for this will be available for purchase on Friday August 3rd with pre-sale to InTheBooth members available from Wednesday August 1st.
His Staples Center performance marks a triumphant return to Los Angeles for Tiesto who wrapped his 2011 "Club Life College Invasion Tour" at the city's The Home Depot Center. With over 26,000 fans in attendance, this stands as the largest single DJ event in US history. Moving to Downtown Los Angeles for the 2012 installment, Tiesto will perform at one of the world's finest venues; home to world class concerts and sports teams with a rich tradition of winning - from the great Lakers to the Kings' recent run to the Stanley Cup.
Presented by Goldenvoice and Insomniac, Tiesto's Staples Center performance will come on the heels of his fall 2012 "Club Life College Invasion Tour" - the first and the largest dance music tour to ever hit the American college market, featuring special guests Dada Life, Bingo Players and Tommy Trash.
For further details about Tiesto's Staples Center performance and special guests will be announced in the coming weeks on.
<|endofexample|>
Kyodo: GOJ proposes GPS tracking of criminals. SITYS.
Posted by debito on May 25th, 2009
Hi Blog. Regarding those dismissive of my Japan Times article last week, describing how IC Chips in the proposed new Gaijin Cards could be used for remote tracking and targeting of NJ, as “tinfoil-hat alarmism” etc.:
Can’t help it, but I’ll say it:
See, I told you so.
I posted this on Facebook last night, and got people saying GPS and RFID are two separate technologies, so it doesn’t matter. Those who wish to discuss that here, go ahead. My point remains that the political will is there to bell the cat, er, the criminal. And given the GOJ’s propensity to treat all foreigners regardless of status as criminals (as opposed to immigrants), and to give the police free reign to rein in crime, to me it’s only a matter of time before fitting the transponders leads to tracking them, by whatever means necessary.
Read on and comment. Arudou Debito in Sapporo
===========================
GPS studied as tool to track ex-convicts.
ENDS
May 25th, 2009 at 11:18 am
If you want an idea of how sensitive the RFID issue is and how little information is being released by people who know anything about it, all you have to do is take a look at this clip about what happened when Mythbusters tried to do a report on RFID and its vulnerabilities and tracking abilities. This clip is chilling in its implications.
– Let’s not beat around the bush. According to this clip, when the credit card companies learned that Mythbusters was about to do a show on RFID, they leaned on the Discovery Channel (the sponsors of MB) to quash the show. Advertising dollars and all that. There is something that the issuers of RFID don’t want to be made public. Probably vulnerability. As your link in your next post makes clear.
May 25th, 2009 at 11:22 am
Also, RFID-chipped cards can be hacked and decrypted with materials worth a little over $8 US. See this clip from boingboingtv to learn just how simple an RFID chip can be hacked. All you have to do with the material is get close enough to someone’s wallet and all the information from the RFID is yours.
May 27th, 2009 at 10:24 am
Your point doesn’t still stand, because RFID can only be detected from extremely short distances, which means that RFID *can’t* be used for global positioning, unless you are required to swipe your gaijin card through a machine (or wave it over a sensor) every 20 feet. There is an immense technical difference. It’s akin to saying “shoes cushion shock, and car bumpers cushion shock, so it’s only a matter of time before shoes have big chrome bumpers”.
What, I gather, you are advancing is the idea that a new card would be issued to replace the upcoming new card, which in addition to (or instead of) an RFID chip would also have a GPS unit. However, GPS units require considerable power, so it wouldn’t be a card, it would be a little unit, like a tiny watch or beeper. And I think there’s an important psychological block, which would make that seem unreasonable enough that it wouldn’t happen. Authorities can easily hand-wave over “it’s just a little card, it’s not an imposition”, or “you don’t even have to carry anything, it’s just your fingerprints”, but “you have to carry, and maintain charged (including bringing a generator if you go camping or there is a power outage) a GPS unit at all times” is something that would tip the balance in favor of folks in power admitting that it’s just plain unreasonable.
<|endofexample|>
Gale L. “Pup” Straub, 63, of Decatur, died at his residence on Monday, September 27, 2010.
Born on May 4, 1947, in Decatur, he was the son of the late Ralph and Julia (Werling) Straub.
Gale was a lifetime member of the former Mount Pleasant United Methodist Church. He was a 40-year member of the Preble Volunteer Fire Fighting Association, of which he held numerous offices and positions, including assistant fire chief and chief.
He was also a member of the Tri-State Gas Engine and Tractor Association.
Gale retired in 2009 after 40 years of service with White Electronic Designs.
He is survived by a nephew, Kent (Donna) Klopfleisch of Decatur, and two nieces, Mrs. Karen (James) Maurer of Celina, Ohio, and Mrs. Kathie (Jon) Rich of Carol Stream, Illinois.
He was preceded in death by his sister and brother-in-law, Virginia and Melvin Klopfleisch in 2005.
Calling hours are 3-8 p.m. on Friday, October 1, 2010, at Haggard and Sefton Funeral Home, Decatur.
Funeral services will be at 10 a.m. on Saturday, October 2, 2010, also at the funeral home, with Rev. Jon Rich officiating.
Burial will be in Beery Cemetery, rural Decatur.
Memorials are to Preble Volunteer Fire Department.
<|endofexample|>
Delhi rape: Dikshit booed at Jantar Mantar
Security personnel escort Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit as she returns after anti-rape protesters forcibly stopped her at Jantar Mantar to take
Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit was booed by angry crowds at Jantar Mantar here Saturday when she went to the protest site to pay her tribute to the gang-rape victim who died in a Singapore hospital.
Furious young men and women were furious when they saw Dikshit approach the gathering with her security personnel, and began shouting: "Sheila Dikshit wapas jao!" and "Sheila Dikshit go back!"
As she kept walking towards the site, the crowds became angrier and noisier. A shaken chief minister quickly lit a candle under a tree, bowed her head and quickly left.
All through her brief presence at the site, policemen jostled with the more militant ones in the crowd to keep them from reaching the chief minister.
The protesters kept screaming that they would not allow any politician to reach Jantar Mantar.
Jantar Mantar is one of two spots where Delhi Police have allowed people protesting the death of the rape victim to gather.
<|endofexample|>
Why yes, there was almost a Metallica video game once
By: shane.mehling Posted in: uncategorized On: Wednesday, April 4th, 2012
Back.
- Hockeyabe
- Roger Riddell
- Blimamon
<|endofexample|>
By Army Sgt. 1st Class Tyrone C. Marshall Jr.American Forces Press Service
WASHINGTON, July 5, 2012 Pakistan’s decision to reopen ground supply routes on its border with Afghanistan will allow the Defense Department to save tens of millions of dollars transporting material in and out of Afghanistan, a senior Pentagon spokesman said here today.
Navy Capt. John Kirby said officials estimate that use of the reopened routes will save $70 million to $100 million per month.
Kirby noted that Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta had told Congress that since Pakistan had closed the routes in November, resupplying forces in Afghanistan had been costing the United States about $100 million more per month than before the closure.
“Secretary Panetta fully supports the approach that was taken, and the discussions that were had,” Kirby said. “He welcomes the decision by Pakistan to open the gates.”
Pakistan closed the supply routes after a Nov. 26, 2011, incident in which American troops came under fire from Pakistan. U.S. forces returned fire and killed 24 Pakistani soldiers. Pakistan responded by closing the main overland supply routes for U.S. and NATO forces into Afghanistan.
U.S. logistics specialists quickly shifted to other means, such as the Northern Distribution Network, to supply the forces. However, DOD officials have noted the routes through Pakistan are considered the most direct and most cost-effective.
“The Defense Department, immediately after the incident in November, expressed our regrets and condolences over it [and] acknowledged the mistakes we’ve made, and we’re sorry for those mistakes,” Kirby told reporters today.
He added that although the Pakistani ground supply routes are cheaper, coalition forces will continue to use the Northern Distribution Network as well.
“The Northern Distribution Network is still a viable, vital method through which logistics flow in and out of Afghanistan,” Kirby said. “One of the things that we’re looking at, more [now] than we were in November when the [Pakistani ground supply routes] closed, was retrograde -- the need to get material out of Afghanistan. So the Northern Distribution Network will still remain vital as we move forward.”
Kirby said traffic has started to flow through the Pakistan ground gates, and that the same agreement in place before the closure still applies.
“The same arrangement we had using the ground gates before they closed are in existence now,” he said. “There’s been no change to those agreements.” No lethal material is permitted to flow through the ground lines of communication, he added, unless it is designed and designated solely for the Afghan national security forces.
Kirby said the United States and Pakistan continue to work to “get this relationship on better footing.”
“My sense is this was just a series of a lot of discussions and negotiations, and [a] concerted effort by both sides to move past this and to get the relationship into a better place [as we] start to look at the common challenges in the region,” he said.
Kirby re-emphasized the practical benefits and cost-effectiveness of moving logistics through Pakistan’s ground supply routes.
“We’ve always said moving things through the ground gates is cheaper and more expedient,” he said. “Because we have that open to us now, it will save money.”
Related Articles:Panetta Welcomes Opening of Pakistan Supply Lines
Week in Photos 5/11 - 5/17
<|endofexample|>
By Gerry J. GilmoreAmerican Forces Press Service
WASHINGTON, April 29, 2003 More than 300 delegates representing a cross-section of Iraqi society yesterday hashed out plans for the formation of an interim government at an all-day meeting in Baghdad.
The Baghdad meeting was follow-on to an April 15 Iraqi leadership gathering in Nasiriyah attended by U.S. diplomatic envoy Zalmay Khalilzad and retired U.S. Army Lt. Gen. Jay Garner, the head of the Pentagon's Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance.
Both U.S. officials also attended the Baghdad meeting -- held on the date of deposed dictator Saddam Hussein's birthday -- where Iraqi delegates voted to meet again within a month's time.
U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul D. Wolfowitz noted at an April 25 press conference here that the meetings are stepping-stones to the formation of "a government of the Iraqi people, by the Iraqi people and for the Iraqi people."
Wolfowitz noted that Iraqi delegates produced a written agreement at the Nasiriyah meeting containing 13 principles for reference in forming a new, free Iraqi government:
First, Iraq must be democratic.
Second, the future government of Iraq should not be based on communal identity, as evidenced during the rule of Saddam Hussein, whose regime heavily promoted his birthplace of Tikrit and his hometown cronies.
Third, the future government of Iraq should be organized as a democratic, federal system, but with countrywide consultation and input.
Fourth, the rule of law must be paramount.
Fifth, Iraq must be built on respect for diversity, including respect for the role of women.
Sixth, the meeting discussed the role of religion in state and society.
Seventh, the meeting discussed the principle that Iraqis must choose their leaders, not have them imposed from outside.
Eighth, political violence must be rejected and that Iraqis immediately organize themselves for the task of reconstruction at both the local and national levels.
Ninth, Iraqis and the coalition must work together to tackle the immediate issues of restoring security and basic services.
Tenth, that the Ba'ath Party must be dissolved and its effects on Iraqi society must be eliminated.
Eleventh, that there should be an open dialogue with all national political groups, to bring them into the Iraqi political process.
Twelfth, that the meeting condemns the looting that has taken place and the destruction of documents.
Thirteenth, there would be another meeting, with more Iraqi participants, to discuss procedures for developing an Iraqi interim authority.
The meeting referred to in the 13th principle occurred April 28 in Baghdad. Wolfowitz called it "a meeting of Iraqis who are exercising their newfound freedom to speak." He observed that it was the second in "a series of inclusive meetings, open to Iraqis, to be held throughout the country."
As Iraqis discuss how they will govern themselves in the post-Saddam era, Wolfowitz noted that such events please the United States and its coalition partners.
"The United States and other coalition countries have no interest in governing or occupying Iraq," the deputy defense secretary insisted, adding that U.S. forces would stay in Iraq "not one day longer" than necessary.
He pointed out that Saddam's fall from power would produce an Iraqi government "that preserves the territorial integrity of the country, that uses the resources of the country for the benefit of the Iraqi people, and that poses no threat to Iraq's neighbors."
An interim Iraqi government, Wolfowitz explained, "will lead the way to the formation of a democratic government for a free Iraq; to work on drafting a constitution, on developing a legal reform agenda, an economic reform agenda, (and) organizing elections."
Week in Photos 5/11 - 5/17
<|endofexample|>
Owens and Minor Corp., Glen Allen, Virginia, is being awarded an estimated
$8,520,750 firm fixed price requirements contract as a Prime Vendor distributor
for medical/surgical products. Three hundred proposals were solicited and six
were received. Work will be performed in Harahan, Louisiana and Shreveport,
Louisiana and is expected to be completed by November 1996. The Defense
Personnel Support Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is the contracting
activity (SP0200-96-D-7110).
ARMY
CORRECTION
Loral Federal Systems, Owego, Owego, New York was awarded on November 13,
1995, an increment as part of a contract (DAAB10-96-D-Q003) for a
build-to-model acquisition for the production and fielding of the Intelligence
Electronic Warfare Common Sensor (IEWCS) systems. Two errors were made in the
initial media release. The first error was made in listing the location of the
30% work to be performed in Hudson, New York. The correct location for the
work that will be performed is Hudson, New Hampshire. The second error was the
nomenclature for the Signal Data Acquisition System was listed as AN/MPR-3
sensor subsystem. The correct nomenclature should have been listed as
AN/MSR-3.
<|endofexample|>
Definitions for ftiction
ADVERTISEMENT
Webster Dictionary
Ftiction(noun)
the act of rubbing the surface of one body against that of another; attrition; in hygiene, the act of rubbing the body with the hand, with flannel, or with a brush etc., to excite the skin to healthy action
Ftiction(noun)
the resistance which a body meets with from the surface on which it moves. It may be resistance to sliding motion, or to rolling motion
Ftiction(noun)
a clashing between two persons or parties in opinions or work; a disagreement tending to prevent or retard progress
Citation
Use the citation below to add this definition to your bibliography:
"ftiction." Definitions.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2013. Web. 18 May 2013. <>.
<|endofexample|>
Definitions for lubavitch movement
ADVERTISEMENT
Princeton's WordNet
Lubavitch, Lubavitch movement, Chabad-Lubavitch, Chabad(noun)
a large missionary Hasidic movement known for their hospitality, technological expertise, optimism and emphasis on religious study
Citation
Use the citation below to add this definition to your bibliography:
"lubavitch movement." Definitions.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2013. Web. 18 May 2013. < movement>.
<|endofexample|>
Posts tagged Fast Times at Ridgemont High
THE REAL-LIFE RESUME
I am borderline-unemployable. Work ethic is an utterly foreign concept to me. My dedication to my own unprofitable, doomed interests at the expense of my employer, or potential employers’ insignificant concerns is so all-encompassing, so voracious, it could single-handily shred the last remaining fibers of the American Dream. My job [...]
<|endofexample|>
Science Degrees and Programs Offered in Ohio (OH)
Science degrees in Ohio cover several areas. Most scientific careers require a doctoral degree, although some require only a master's level degree. Because of that, many scientific fields seem sparse in numbers. For example, there are only 170 atmospheric scientists in Ohio, according to the Ohio Department of Jobs and Families (ODJF). Most scientist jobs, however, are prestigious.
Science degrees in Ohio cover many majors
It's a good idea to educate yourself when choosing a scientific field. Some fields aren't growing in Ohio or nationwide while others are. That's why it's important to investigate science degrees in OH. Here are three examples of occupations requiring science degrees in Ohio that are experiencing significant growth, courtesy of the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the ODJF.
Biochemists and biophysicists: The mean annual salary as of May 2009 was $68,780, with 31.6 percent projected growth between 2008 and 2018. This is the fastest growing scientific category in the state and requires a doctoral degree.
Medical scientists: With a mean annual salary of $68,620 as of May 2009, and with 28.7 percent projected growth between 2008 and 2018, this is another excellent field for science-minded students to consider. Some medical scientists earn both medical and doctoral degrees.
Geoscientists: Geoscientists earned a mean annual salary of $63,450 as of May 2009, with 12.8 percent job growth projected for 2008 through 2018. Often, a master's degree is all that is required.
- Environmental Systems Technology
<|endofexample|>
Sustainability is a critical business issue and has the potential to be a differentiator in an organization’s ability to manage risk, create and protect enterprise value, and drive growth and innovation.
Deloitte helps companies generate a differentiated market position to drive incremental growth and value through merger & acquisition planning, business model and product/service innovation.
<|endofexample|>
.
His doctor wouldn't release him to wrestle.
To make it all the more sweet, it's his senior year, and twin brother Dustin, who wrestles at 152, also qualified.
But Jessie Head, who entered the tournament as the No. 8 seed, didn't quite imagine he'd pin his way to the finals and walk in Saturday night's Parade of Champions.
"I'm not trying to be down on myself," said Head after upsetting the No. 3 seed from Sterling to win in the semifinal round on Friday, "but I thought I'd be out tonight because I was wrestling the state champion."
After a first-round win over Lamar, Head came up against Jared Mestas in the quarterfinals. Mestas, the No. 1 seed and defending state champion from Dolores-Huerta, came in with an intimidating 37-1 record.
Photo by Tamie Meck Defending state champion Jared Mestas of Dolores-Huerta bridges in an attempt to escape the grip of Hotchkiss senior Jesse Head in the quarterfinal round of the 3A state tournament. Head pinned the No. 1 seed, then upset the No. 4 seed to advance to the state championship round. Head, who was seeded eighth, placed second."I went out there with my adrenaline running, my nerves, and I had to put it away," said Head.
Seconds into the match, Mestas put Head onto his back, landing on Head's chest and scoring two takedown points. But in an instant, Head scored a reversal and sprawled out across Mestas' chest. Then he held on while Mestas struggled with all his might to escape.
"He was getting close," said Head. "I knew that I was tiring him out as he was bridging. I just had to hold him down, squeeze as hard as I could."
Almost 50 seconds later, Head had unseated the state champ.
"We had one shot, one shot," said head coach Glen Suppes, describing how Mestas started to roll out early on and had enough strength to bridge with Head riding him. "A lot of times when they bridge that high, the guy in control will let go a little bit" and give his opponent a chance to get away. But Head never let up.
Head did a repeat reversal maneuver, upsetting the No. 4 seed from Sterling to win in the semifinals. "I knew that I had to go to my move that I've been working on over the years," said Head, referring to a maneuver he learned from an assistant coach. "I knew I had to perfect it. We call it the Trailer Park."
Meanwhile, No. 2 seed Joe Boyle had a first-round 15-0 win, then pinned 20-3 Zacharia Garcia of Florence and 11th-seeded Dillon Vance of Alamosa to advance to Saturday night's finals.
Boyle, who wrestled 1-2 at last year's tournament, made a mistake against Garcia that almost cost him the match, but he was able to recover. "It's amazing to see how far he's come," said Suppes of Boyle. "Kids underestimate him."
This year is going better, said Boyle after defeating Vance. "Getting it done kind of fast, staying good, not putting myself in a bad position too often," he said with a laugh. In all the excitement, Boyle lost track of the rounds. "Where am I at right now?" he asked before learning he would finally face top-ranked Jason Buhr of Centauri in the finals. The two had never met. They were scheduled to wrestle at the Center tournament, which Boyle won, but Buhr was injured and forfeited.
Suppes said he can't remember a time when Hotchkiss sent two wrestlers into the finals. Both were pinned to place second. Head ended his senior year with a 26-6 record and Boyle finished at 35-4.
The Bulldogs qualified seven for state. Jake Hubbell (106) and Tony Ibarra (160) wrestled two and out. Garrett Toothaker (113), Dustin Head (152) and Zack Taylor (285) opened with wins, then lost in quarterfinals and first-round consolation.
Jesse Head said he was proud to share his final state experience with his brother. The Head brothers were the only twins at this year's tournament. "I told him I love him and I'm happy I got to wrestle all my life with him," said Head, who was also proud to walk in the Parade of Champions with his brother, Mike Vetter, a custodian at Hotchkiss High School. After unseating Mestas, Jesse headed for the stands to see Vetter and his family.
Hotchkiss earned 60.5 points to place 10th; Olathe was ninth with 63 points.
"Those kids that lost, they put in every bit as much work as Joe and Jesse," said Suppes. "What a roller coaster. We lost some good wrestlers in that consolation round tonight ... There is no forgiveness in this sport. None whatsoever."blog comments powered by Disqus
<|endofexample|>
Democracy Now! is a non-profit organization funded through individual donations and foundation
grants. We do not accept any corporate underwriting, advertising, or government support. Your support is vital to
sustain and grow Democracy Now!
Kathie Lee Gifford Accused of Running Sweatshops in El Salvador
Ad Campaign Targets Texaco for Environmental Racism in Ecuador
Pinochet Extradition Hearing Begins in London
<|endofexample|>
Create new account | My Profile | My Journal | My Account | My Inbox | Help | Log in
Site search
Web search
Advanced search
Thu Sep 20, 2012, 06:32 PM
jsmirman (4,188 posts)
0 replies, 242 views
Reply to this thread
Back to top Alert abuse
About | Copyright | Privacy | Terms of service | Contact
Advertise on DU
© 2001 - 2013 Democratic Underground, LLC. Thank you for visiting.
<|endofexample|>
joined last season from brentford , added pace and goals to the team, also plays for the county
© Powered by. All rights reserved. | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | 103257 views | Administrator Login
This feature is currently in development but will be available soon.
<|endofexample|>
really loves her Hudson jeans! This is the fourth time she’s been spotted out in her Nico mid-rise skinny jeans in Chelsea wash. Most recently, she wore them out to the Staples center, where she watched the Lakers play.
I can’t blame her for wearing them so many times, I think they look great on her and the mid-rise, slim fit leg fits her style perfectly. I do think that I prefer the way she styled them here out of the other times she’s worn them. You can buy these jeans online from Hudsonjeans.com.
<|endofexample|>
DENISE JANNAH
SINGER - COMPOSER - TEACHER - VOCAL COACH - ACTRICE
)
-"Based in the Netherlands, singer Denise Jannah made a few records for Blue Note some years back, but she remains vastly underrated, one of the few singers around who truly meets the standards set down by the generations that gave us Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan and Carman McRae. Her supple and spontaneous phrasing, exquisite intonation, respect for a lyric and richly textured yet clear-as-a-bell vocal color are the kind of qualities that never go out of style." (BY MARK STRYKER DETROIT FREE PRESS COLUMNIST)
✉ info@denisejannah.com
For bookings & information:
Music Dept.
Maarten Mendelaar
✉ maarten@music-dept.nl
☎ +31(0)765600615
☎ +31(0)655165319
<|endofexample|>
Tools to manage investments.
There are many calculators available. This is a listing of some examples. The calculators all do the same thing but they do it in different ways. Use this list to find a calculator that you like.
Bankrate.com Calculator Includes mortgage, auto loan, retirement, credit card, and FICO score.
Choose to Save Choose to Save is sponsored by the Employee Benefit Research Institute and the American Savings Education Council.
Financial Aid Calculators Figure out how much college will cost and how to save for it with these handy calculators.
FINRA Tools and Calculators A variety of interactive tools that can help you plan your financial future, from getting background information about your broker to using financial calculators.
Mortgage 101 Calculators at this site are specifically geared for home-buyers. Includes calculators to help you decide about buying vs. renting, refinancing, qualifying for a loan, etc.
Motley Fool Calculators Mortgage, savings, retirement, bonds, etc.
Quote.com Personal Finance Includes calculators for auto loans, college planning, debt management, insurance, real estate, retirement, investment, and taxes.
Social Security Benefits This site calculates your social security benefit based on information you provide about earnings and your anticipated retirement age.
USA Today's Personal Finance Calculators Includes auto loan, mortgage, college savings and retirement calculators.
Yahoo! Financial Calculators Mortgage, savings, retirement, college savings, etc.
<|endofexample|>
Shipping Policy
Shipping Methods
We offer several shipping methods to meet your needs:
- UPS Ground – Only available for domestic shipments. Delivery times vary based on your location. Please visit the UPS site to calculate your shipping time.
- UPS 3-Day Select – delivered by the end of the third day after we ship your item(s).
- UPS Next Day Air – delivered a day after we ship your item(s).
Items are shipped Monday – Friday from our store in California. Orders placed after 3pm Friday will be shipped on Monday. Items are delivered Monday – Friday as well, we do not offer Saturday deliver at this time.
Live in or near San Diego? Come visit our store for all of your shopping needs: 2302 Shelter Island Dr., San Diego, CA 92106
Oversize and/or High-value items such as original artwork will be shipped fully insured and you must contact us for a shipping quote.
Delivery is not available for P.O. Box addresses.
Shipping and Handling Charges
Shipping and handling charges for each of our available methods is displayed on the summary page during checkout.
<|endofexample|>
Lake George Kelly A. Mann, 40 years of age, of 7 Thompson Ave., Lake George, was recently arrested by Warren County Sheriff’s deputies.
Mann was charged with Welfare Fraud in the 3rd degree, Grand Larceny in the 3rd degree, Health Care Fraud 4th degree and two counts of Offering a False Instrument in the 1st degree after an investigation into a report from the Warren County Department of Social Services that she failed to accurately report her total accurate household composition when making applications to receive food stamp, Home Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) and medical assistance benefits.
The report alleged that Mann filed applications and re-certifications to receive public assistance benefits, as required to establish eligibility, and failed to accurately report her total accurate household composition. Specifically that she failed to report an individual who was employed and living in her residence. Eligibility to receive public assistance benefits is determined by a number of factors including total household income.
As a result she received more than $23,800 in food stamp benefits, HEAP and Medicaid benefits that she was otherwise ineligible to receive. Mann was charged and arraigned in Lake George Town Court. She was released on her own recognizance and was to re-appear in Queensbury Town Court on Oct. 15.
The investigation was conducted by Warren County Sheriff’s Investigator Kevin W. Conine and Warren County Department of Social Services Investigator Lisa Zulauf.
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Or login with:
OpenID
<|endofexample|>
give us a call 940-380-1188
Dr. Glenn Vo and Dr. Susan Tran are both native Texans. After attending the University of Houston and University of Texas-Arlington for his undergraduate work…
Our Denton TX Dentists office is located in Denton Square right off I-35E, next to Brookshire’s Grocery and right above Kil’n Time pottery. Get directions to our dental office.
Denton Smiles Family Dentistry in Denton, TX has worked hard to bring your family the most comfortable environment available. View the photos in our office tour.
<|endofexample|>
Testimonials
Our patients love us, but don’t take our word for it!
“We were very pleased with the way the dental assistant was so kind, and so good with Sierra. We thought Dr. Tran was very nice, and an exceptional dentist. They were both very patient and really made Sierra feel at ease about having dental treatment. Sierra also enjoyed the front office, being able to access the internet and play games. The office was very clean, and a relaxing atmosphere. Overall, the entire experience was very pleasant.”
Thank you,
- Donna and Sierra
“I like Dr. Vo. He is very nice, kind, and considerate to his patients. He explains everything in a way that I really like & would refer others to come to him.”
- Candace, mother of patient Marquel
“I loved everything about the office and staff, everyone is friendly and helpful. I felt very welcome there.”
- Bridget
“VERY nice dentist office for the kids! I have two kids (2yrs and 3 yrs). My 3yr old is autistic and hates the dentist because she doesn’t quite know what is going on, but we just finished our first appointment with this office and they were incredible In the waiting area are plasma tvs, a coffee machine, water, and a whole room just for kids to play with tons of toys and a tv with video games. The dentists were very kind to my kids. Even when my 3 year old daughter refused to open her mouth, Dr. Vo was very patient. He eventually got to peek inside for cavities but did not push it when she started to shut down. Afterwards he gave them their own toothbrushes (not the cheap kind) a sticker and a balloon! Both my kids walked out of there with huge smiles and laughter and we are defintely set for life with a dentist. I would recommend this office to anyone especially with people with special needs children. The staff at Denton Smiles Dentistry are very patient, understanding and experienced in dealing with special needs. They have really outdone themselves and I am very pleased with our experience there.”
- Tiffany
“I 100% recommend coming to Denton Smiles Dentistry. It is an amazing experience and they do such an awesome job.”
- Jaylynn, mother of patient Layla
“Both times that I’ve brought my kids there, the staff was very warm, friendly & accommodating. Love the way the office set up. Kids actually love going to dentist. While siblings in dental chair listening to “cool music” others love playing “X-Box.” I’m able to bring bills to pay on computer provided. Staff young, refreshing, and totally “vibe” experience. I am blessed to have insurance for my kids. Nephew on Medicaid. Standard of care just as good. Keep up good work!”
- Lawauna
“The staff and Dr. Tran are very professional and caring. I was expecting a horrible experience because of the last dentist I visited, I was very surprised! I will always trust denton smiles dentistry. Thank you! Dr. Tran u are the best!!”
- Joe F.
<|endofexample|>
|
Media Kit
|
|
Photo Galleries
While outfielder Seth Smith remains a coveted commodity, the Atlanta Braves' interest has cooled, according to a major-league source with the direct knowledge of the talks.
The Braves are unwilling to move infielder Martin Prado, the Rockies' desired target, without an accompanying move to add infield depth.
Always a longshot to land Braves pitcher Jair Jurrjens, Colorado is not pursuing the right-hander and was never a serious suitor.
With six weeks remaining until spring training, the Rockies are focusing on minor trades while continuing to canvas for rotation help.
Smith remains a valuable chip in that regard and has drawn interest from Oakland. Viewed as a potential fit for Smith when unable to sign free agent Coco Crisp, Tampa Bay is not in the hunt.
The Rays have pitchers the Rockies covet — namely right-handed starters Wade Davis and Jeff Niemann — but talks have not gained traction this winter.
As with Ian Stewart earlier, the Rockies are prepared to wait until they receive specific players for Smith. Moving the veteran would free up money to pursue a veteran starter — free agent Kevin Millwood hasn't been ruled out.
The Rockies have depth following the signing of free agent Michael Cuddyer, who will team with left fielder Carlos Gonzalez and center fielder Dexter Fowler in the starting lineup.
Charlie Blackmon, Eric Young Jr. and Jamie Hoffman will compete for backup spots, with the fourth outfielder likely assuming a bigger role with Cuddyer earmarked for some infield duty.
Young Jr. has been connected to trade talks this winter, but there are no active discussions. The Mets have some interest, but have not mentioned second baseman Justin Turner, a player who interests the Rockies.
Footnotes. Former Rockies reliever Matt Daley and reserve outfielder Cole Garner have signed minor-league deals with the Yankees. ... Former Rockies prospect Chris Frey has recovered from a back injury suffered last year while he was in the Phillies' organization. He has begun working out in the Denver area and is looking to resume his career.
Troy E. Renck,
<|endofexample|>
|
Media Kit
|
|
Photo Galleries
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — The Rockies' most promising play of the spring didn't produce a run and didn't feature a home run or a strikeout.
It was a simple single to right field last Saturday against the Angels.
Troy Tulowitzki took off as if he were scoring. It didn't matter that Josh Hamilton was charging quickly or that he has one of the game's best arms. Tulo rounded third before coach Stu Cole flashed the red light.
That stop has left Tulo more encouraged about the start of this season more than anything else he has done the past six weeks.
"I ran like they were going to send me home. And I had to stop hard and go back. In a lot of ways, that's more difficult than just running all the way through,"
Troy E. Renck and Patrick Saunders add analysis and notes to this blog focusing on the Colorado Rockies.
Tulowitzki's personality mirrors his improved health. He has been more outgoing in drills. While running bases Tuesday, he razzed Carlos Gonzalez. Gonzalez returned the favor, saying that Tulo would have been out easily after getting a poor jump on a stolen-base drill.
The Rockies are a different team with Tulo and CarGo on the field — even on the practice field, where they challenge each other.
"Believe it," Gonzalez said. "There's no doubt about.
<|endofexample|>
Love Among the Ruins
Romantic archeologist, prizewinning dog breeder, energetic socialite, and full-time free spirit—heiress Iris Love remains a true New York original.
One of the stock characters of the 1930s screwball comedy was the madcap heiress—the daring, dauntless debutante who kept a leopard as a pet, led a scavenger hunt in search of The Forgotten Man, or jilted an upstanding fiancé in favor of a former, less reputable beau. Freed from the financial concerns that constrain most people's behavior, those indulged and irrepressible daughters of the upper class acted out a shared national fantasy during the Great Depression, their giddy but good-natured misadventures giving the public a lift during a decade of economic woe and global menace.
If there is anyone who today personifies that same blithe and daffy spirit, it is surely Iris Love, for decades a lively presence in New York and international society. Born to great wealth and privilege during the depths of the Depression, Love improbably became a celebrated archeologist, rising to professional prominence unsought by the glamour-girl debs of her youth. Yet all the while she has retained the freewheeling love of a good time undreamed of by the career-obsessed generation that followed her. She insists that the only two criteria for her easily bestowed friendship are that you like to drink (Grey Goose vodka for her, because, she says, that bird is sacred to Aphrodite) and that her dogs like you.
At 69, the trim, blond Love still possesses the gamine charm and tomboyish self-assurance reminiscent of that pluperfect portrayer of the madcap heiress, Katharine Hepburn. Love can be found seemingly everywhere that the rich, famous, accomplished, and enlightened gather, from Chinese New Year's with Eileen and I.M. Pei to an audience with the teenage Tibetan-born Living Buddha in India to cruising the Turkish coast with Evelyn and Leonard Lauder. Indeed, she can be said to suffer from what Andy Warhol called "social disease," and is mentioned no fewer than nine times in the artist's candid diaries, the definitive chronicle of seventies and eighties café society.
Often Warhol records Love showing up at parties in costume—matching cowgirl outfits with her then steady companion, gossip columnist Liz Smith, at the Houston premiere of Urban Cowboy, a kilt at C.Z. Guest's Christmas Eve dinner on Long Island, and on other occasions wearing a toga in which she performed Greek dances. And not long after the attack on the World Trade Center, Love attended a birthday party near Ground Zero dressed as Uncle Sam and was waved through by security guards when they saw her patriotic getup.
The most improbable encounters seem to occur regularly in Love's broadband magnetic field. Among the many jet-set visitors in the early seventies to her reputation-making Knidos dig in Turkey were Mick and Bianca Jagger. During a 1989 visit to Poland with Johnson & Johnson heiress Barbara Piasecka Johnson, Love successfully urged her friend to invest in the faltering Gdansk shipyard, to the delight of another Polish friend, Lech Walesa.
As a prizewinning dog breeder, Love is the first to acknowledge that the spectacular genes in her own pedigree have decisively shaped her life. A direct descendant of both the explorer Captain James Cook and founding father Alexander Hamilton on her English and Scotch-Irish father's side, and of the "Our Crowd" Guggenheim and Josephthal dynasties on her German-Jewish mother's side, she displays many of the traits that brought those forebears to prominence. From Capt. Cook, Love says, she derives her peripatetic nature and dogged urge for discovery, and from her Guggenheim antecedents an uncanny instinct for digging profitably in the earth.
And from both branches of her family Love has inherited a buoyant positivism that endears her to a wide and wildly varied circle of friends. According to her longtime pal Laura Maioglio, owner of New York's landmark Barbetta restaurant and wife of Nobel Prize biologist Günter Blobel, "Iris has such an incredible enthusiasm and love of life that everyone around her begins to feel the same way."
"I'm very optimistic and always have been," Love admits. "I follow Greek philosophy in that you have to have a balance—in order to combat evil you must have good, to recognize that someone is tall, someone must be short, to understand sweet, there must be sour." Although she was raised as an Episcopalian, this superstitious, amulet-toting pantheist is perhaps best described as an equal-opportunity pagan.
Love's greatest claim to fame came more than 30 years ago, when she scored one of the most dramatic coups in 20th-century archeology, a science known for a glacially slow pace only rarely punctuated by stupendous finds such as King Tut's tomb. She and her international team of archeologists rediscovered the long-lost Temple of Aphrodite at Knidos, on the Anatolian coast of southwest Turkey. Love, who cherishes a deep personal identification with the Greek goddess of love, views the enterprise with religious fervor.
The remains of the ruined sanctuary, which once held the famous white Parian marble statue of Aphrodite sculpted by Praxiteles in the fifth century b.c., had been among the most elusive of ancient sites, and one of the most renowned. By the first century A.D., Pliny the Elder was able to write, "With this statue Praxiteles made Knidos a famous city." In our own time, however, some scholars have proposed that the temple might not have been located in Knidos at all. But Love felt otherwise, based on her characteristic blend of sound scholarship and quasi-mystical intuition.
"I knew, having read the ancient literary sources, that the Temple of Aphrodite must be circular, which was unique for the Greeks," Love explains. "I based it on what Pliny the Elder says, that 'Aphrodite stands in her temple in such a way that she is equally admirable from every angle.' To be equally admirable from every angle, it'd have to be circular."
With the Turkish archeologist Askidil Akarca, a granddaughter of the last sultan of the Ottoman Empire, Love sailed from Bodrum (ancient Halicarnassus) down the coast of Asia Minor to Knidos, now called Tekir by the Turks. "I was sitting on the prow of the caïque," Love recalls, "and suddenly a school of dolphins—which are sacred to Aphrodite—appeared and escorted us into the Bay of Knidos. It was August third, two days after my birthday, and I thought, This is a great present. And when I saw Knidos itself, somehow I knew that this was part of my destiny."
Love got permits from the Turkish government for the dig, raised the money for the operation, and began excavating on a promising site atop a bluff overlooking the Aegean. There she worked over the next three summers, teaching at various colleges during the academic year. Her great breakthrough came on July 20, 1969, an epochal day she sees as a preordained conjunction of the cosmic and the familial— which is very much how she views the world as a whole.
"On Sunday the rest of my team was in camp listening on the transistor radio to man taking his first steps on the moon," she reminisces. "I set off with a Swiss archeologist named Rolf Stucky, who was also a mountain climber, to try to see the site literally as the crow flies. Rolf pulled me up the side of a terrace and from there I was able to look down, and to my astonishment I saw a circular spill of foundation fill, which I knew had to be the Temple of Aphrodite as Pliny described it."
Descending to the site itself, Love and her team began excavating and, as she recalls, "We set the trench, and within two hours the first course of the temple came up—it was marble and circular." Subsequently they found the base of the statue as well as fragments of a hand, a finger, and drapery that could well have come from the legendary statue. News of the discovery quickly made international headlines, but Love saw the timing of the simultaneous events as far from coincidental.
"My great-uncle, Daniel Guggenheim, and his brothers—including Uncle Solomon, who founded the museum—had made their money digging in the earth for minerals, mining copper in Colorado and developing Alaska during the Gold Rush," Love relates. .
"Archeologists and literati had searched for the Temple of Aphrodite at Knidos for over two hundred and fifty years," she continues. "That it should be discovered by a woman whose last name was Love, and that Aphrodite, goddess of love, was worshiped in conjunction with the Moon, and that it happened on the very same day that man landed on the Moon—isn't that too much of an amazing coincidence?"
Having made her great find, however, Love no longer pursued her work with such single-minded passion. "Iris put Knidos on the map and trained a number of students," says one archeologist friend summing up Love's accomplishments and her standing in the profession today. "We all like her, but she's been so inactive in archeology for so many years now that she's had no impact on the field since the seventies."
Love's current great passion is dachshunds, and she is regarded as the country's foremost breeder and trainer of the German "badger hounds." Her standard smooth-coated dachshunds won the best-of-breed category at New York City's Westminster Dog Show in 1996 and 1999. She is also known for the celebrity-packed dog party she throws before the event each February at Tavern on the Green for her fellow fanciers and the dachshunds that own them.
Canines have always been a part of Love's life, and as she puts it, "I was raised by a Scottie, a boxer, and twelve Skye terriers, perhaps because the Loves originally came from the Isle of Skye. The boxer was my second governess. If I went swimming she went swimming, if I went canoeing she would swim out to the canoe."
Love's mother, who was on the board of the ASPCA, adopted a dachshund which she named the Baron Heinrich Schultz von Kraut. "I was in Italy," Love recalls, "And I thought, 'Of all the breeds, how could Mummy possibly adopt a dachshund?' They are so strange-looking, and from an engineering standpoint they're almost impossible. And when I came back from Italy, it took exactly twenty minutes for the Baron Heinrich to totally enchant me, and I have been a dachshund fancier ever since." For the sake of her dogs, Love divides her time between her Upper East Side apartment and a house in the Green Mountains of Vermont, where most of her 42 dachshunds live full time.
Iris Cornelia Love was born in 1933 at 713 Park Avenue, a townhouse just a few blocks from where she now lives. Her parents—the stockbroker Cornelius Ruxton Love Jr. and Audrey Barbara Josephthal, an heiress to the New York private securities firm Josephthal & Co., and to the Guggenheim fortune—met on a proverbial slow boat to China and married after a long courtship. The Love house was loaded with superb works of art, many of which her father acquired in China. "I grew up eating at a table Daddy had made from a Coromandel screen from the Summer Palace, which he had turned on its side and covered with glass," Love remembers.
Ruxton and Audrey Love were voracious and discerning art lovers who amassed Italian bronzes, Duncan Phyfe furniture, and fine collections of Napoleonic vermeil and early-19th-century Paul Storr silver. Ruxton Love developed a passion for Napoleonic relics—including a suite of chairs from Malmaison, the emperor's campaign desk by Odiot, and the nécessaires of Joséphine and her daughter Hortense, by Biennais—many of which Iris found for him during her travels in Europe. The couple were also pioneering collectors of Benin bronzes and Gandharan sculpture, decades before those esoteric treasures became fashionable, and many of their best pieces have been given to museums in his memory. Audrey Love, who is now 97, still lives on Park Avenue, a few blocks away from the younger of her two daughters.
Apart from her parents' love of beautiful objets, another formative influence on Iris was her childhood caretaker. "I had a wonderful English governess, Katie Wray, who had also brought up my mother, and she had had a classical education," Love says. ." Wray also took her young charge to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where Iris fell in love with the Etruscan Warriors, a trio of monumental terra cottas collected by the museum between 1915 and 1921 and long among its most striking treasures.
Love's education was both exceedingly proper and intellectually stimulating: "First I went to a kindergarten whose name I now question. It was called The Yard." Later on she attended the academically demanding Brearley School on Manhattan's Upper East Side, and at 15 she was sent off to the tony Madeira School in the Washington, D.C., suburb of McLean, Virginia. Then came Smith College, where her professors included the redoubtable Phyllis Williams Lehmann, an expert in ancient Greek art of whom Love still speaks with reverence.
Among Love's contemporaries at Smith was the young and very troubled Sylvia Plath. "I knew her quite well," she recalls, "because she kept trying to commit suicide and was kept back until she wound up in my class. In truth, neither her poetry nor her ideas were acceptable to me at that time because I was very much interested in classical literature and art. But she absolutely fascinated me as a person, because I have never understood why anyone would wish to kill herself, especially at such a young age. Suicide to me is the easy way out."
Her junior year abroad in Italy, where she studied at the University of Florence with the eminent archeologist Ranuccio Bianchi Bandinelli and frequented the city's Museo Archeologico, was a revelation. She became even more fascinated by the Etruscans, on weekends visiting archeological sites of that mysterious pre-Roman civilization and other cities with major Etruscan collections. In the process she developed a sharp eye for the real thing, and after returning to New York, went to the Metropolitan to revisit her beloved Etruscan Warriors, on which she was writing her bachelor's thesis.
With her new expertise in Etruscan art, Love was horrified to realize "there was something terribly wrong" with the statues, and was proved right in 1961 when the pieces were exposed as fakes manufactured in an Orvieto workshop by the forger Alfredo Adolfo Fioravanti, who proudly confirmed his fraudulent authorship. Love claims she told the Met's director, James Rorimer, of her impending exposé, but he beat her to the punch by giving The New York Times the story—which did not mention Love—the day before her paper was to be published.
After graduating with honors from Smith, Love went on to study classical archeology at New York University's postgraduate Institute of Fine Arts. She stopped just short of her doctorate because, although having completed her coursework, she felt unable to write the dissertation. ("I can barely write my own name," she ruefully admits.)
Certainly her lack of scholarly publications has been an impediment to her being taken seriously in some professional circles. But "publish or perish" held no real terror for the financially independent heiress. "God bless my grandmother," Love declares, referring to the trust fund from Edyth Guggenheim Josephthal that has largely underwritten her unorthodox career, "because I probably could never have become an archeologist without her."
To a great extent, Love is a spiritual descendant of the trailblazing 19th-century German archeologist Heinrich Schliemann, the rediscoverer of Troy, who used his own considerable fortune to finance his digs. Schliemann was also an incurable romantic and inveterate fabulist who felt compelled to associate every site he worked on and every object he found with a famous mythical figure.
"Though I am not an admirer of Schliemann, who probably destroyed more evidence than he discovered in his excavations," Love says, "I believe, as he did, that within every legend or myth is a seed of truth. For the last twelve years I've been working on a book about the Odyssey, roughly titled—to steal a line from Frank Sinatra— 'The Odyssey, My Way.' What I have been trying to do is demonstrate from a factual point of view what it might have been that Odysseus encountered. I'm trying to find that seed of truth."
Undiscovered Country
We asked Iris Love what she would consider the five most important discoveries yet to be made (not ranked in order of importance):
1 The statue of APHRODITE EUPLOIA, by the great fourth-century sculptor Praxiteles; also known as the Aphrodite of Knidos or the Knidia. She dates from circa 350 b.c., was considered the most beautiful work of art in antiquity, and at one time was counted among the seven wonders of the ancient world.
2 The Opening of the MAUSOLEUM OF THE QIN EMPEROR SHIH HUANG-TI. Located near the ancient capital of Xianyang, the mausoleum was sealed when the Emperor died in 210 b.c. Ancient Chinese literary sources say that the ceiling is adorned with diamonds of greater and lesser brilliance, to represent the stars and constellations. Flowing quicksilver represents the two great rivers of China: the Huang, or Yellow River, and the Yangtze. Only a small part of the surrounding area has been excavated, and Chinese archeologists have recovered life-sized ceramic figures of courtiers and soldiers. The Emperor believed if he didn't kill his army, (as emperors often did) they'd serve his son and preserve his dynasty, so he replicated the army and the magistrates and courtiers in pottery and bronze.
3 Finding AN ANCIENT GREEK OR ROMAN LIBRARY would be one of the most spectacular discoveries in the world. We have very little ancient literature and yet it influenced the entire Western world. There is a Greek and Roman library—at Herculaneum, near Pompeii, in the villa of the Papyri. This was discovered in the late 18th century and some of the papers were deciphered. Pompeii, which was buried under pumice and volcanic ash, is relatively easy to excavate, but Herculaneum's ash mixed with rain and steam and became somewhat solidified—it's a very difficult excavation.
4 AN INTACT EGYPTIAN TOMB OF ANY OF THE GREAT PHARAOHS OF THE NEW KINGDOM (1650-1085 B.C.). This would be a spectacular discovery. If you think of what came from a very small tomb from a very insignificant boy pharaoh, Tutankamen, imagine what we would find from a great pharaoh—it truly boggles the imagination.
5 A GREEK MONUMENTAL WALL PAINTING FROM THE SEVENTH TO FOURTH CENTURIES B.C. It would be exceptional to find a painting by a great fourth-century master like Apelles, court painter to Alexander the Great; or Nessos, from the seventh century. Although there are Minoan and Mycenean wall paintings, not one Greek wall painting that we know of survives. The only clues are the reflections we see in vase painting or Etruscan tomb painting. Zeuxis, a fourth-century b.c. painter, was known for his highlighting and shading. The literature says he painted grapes that could deceive birds.
Martin Filler wrote about London architecture and antiques shops in the last issue of Departures.
<|endofexample|>
Wright State Extends Contract of "Outstanding" Hoops Coach Brad Brownell '91
July 24, 2008
July 24, 2008, Greencastle, Ind. - "Wright State University has awarded a new six-year contract to men's basketball coach Brad Brownell," according to a report this afternoon from Dayton's WHIO-TV. "The new deal signed by Brownell extends his contract with the University through the 2013-14 season." The story notes that Brownell "earned his bachelor's degree from DePauw University in 1991."
Brownell is 44-20 in two years at Wright State and has averaged more than 21 wins annually in his six years as a Division I head coach. He has led three teams to NCAA Tournaments, including
the 2007 Raiders, who had a 23-10 record. Brownell was Horizon League co-Coach of the Year last season and has a 127-60 record as a head coach.
"Brad has done an outstanding job in a short period of time," declares Bob Grant, athletic director at Wright State. ." (at right: Brownell in his playing days at DePauw)
"My family and I are grateful for the confidence and support shown by the University and we hope we can build on the success we have established," says Brownell, who was a history major and basketball standout at DePauw, leading the Tigers in assists for three seasons and played in the Division III national championship game as a junior. "My staff and I will continue to work hard to make this a top program in the league."
Read more at the television station's Web site or in the Dayton Daily News.
A previous story on Brad Brownell can be found by clicking here.Back
<|endofexample|>
Posts Tagged ‘Arizona Public Education’
Surprise! Maricopa County High School Graduates Not »
From the East Valley Tribune: In terms of preparedness for college reading and math courses, a growing percentage of Maricopa County graduates are not ready for those rigors when they move up to Maricopa County community colleges or Arizona universities, an Arizona Community Foundation report suggests. That’s 59% of high school grads in the [...]
<|endofexample|>
Comments
CONGRATS sir!!!
on a roll! congrats sir!
Congrats!
fantastic. Congrats.
awesome print!!! Congrats sir! :D
looks great!
Great!!!
nice print
ohhh I love this! Great print.
Very cool!.
this looks so good! congrats
thanks all!
congrats! looks sweet
Awesome print! Congrats!
Sweet!! , congrats!!
I love it +1
Hey, this is my new artwork… check out +1 !
just received it today…..i think this will be one of my fav shirts.
cant wait… still on shipping…
<|endofexample|>
Revolution
Shirt of the Day •
Mar 18 2008
Every generation needs a revolution! Revolution is a typography shirt with yellow, blue and black in the background with a revolution story told in the words. This urban shirt will have you fighting for what you believe in.
Size ChartClose Size Chart
DBH Original Tee
Our original DBH tee is made of 100% combed ringspun cotton. Super soft and comfortable.
<|endofexample|>
Describe your project, set your deadline, deposit your project budget and invite
top designers.
Watch as 25 to 100+ custom designs are submitted from designers around the world.
Share designs with friends and colleagues, give feedback to the designers and request
changes.
Select your favourite design, approve the files, download the files and release
payment!
<|endofexample|>
Hello Desirables
Today I am guest posting over at Sonia's while she takes time out to take care of her little man, who has a planned trip to hospital.
If you have arrived from Sonia's and are new here, scroll down. I have a post which people seemed to like lots, about 10 things I wish I had done when I started blogging. Or take a look at the buttons in my side bar if easy recipes to feed a family and baking are your thing. Or check out my coastal styling and craft ideas.
If you are not so new here, head on over to Sonia's. She is one of the nicest people on the planet, who writes beautifully about her life up here on Sydney's Northern Beaches.
Great post Carolyn.
Nice pics too ;o)
Have a great day!!!
Tania xx
Heading over...
You my friend are just divine and I adore you. Thank you so much xx
<|endofexample|>
Ephesians 5:21–28.
The question I want to raise and try to answer today is one that is repeatedly neglected in Christian feminist treatments of Ephesians 5, namely, What is the positive, practical difference in a marriage between the man's role as compared to Christ the head, and the woman's role as compared to the church, Christ's body? Ephesians 5:22–23 says, "Wives, be subject to your husbands, as to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the church, his body." Verse 25, "Husbands, love your wives as Christ loved the church, and gave himself up for her." Husbands are compared to Christ; wives to the church; husbands to the head; wives to the body; husbands are commanded to love as Christ loved; wives are commanded to submit as the church to Christ. My question is: What are the positive, practical differences between a husband's role and a wife's role implied by these different comparisons?
The Important Question That Is Often Missed
As I read Christian feminist books and articles on this passage, my main disappointment is that they seldom get around to this question. They stop short of it. They point out correctly that verse 21 teaches a mutual submission; they stress correctly that Christ's headship was not domineering but servant-like; and they emphasize that the church's submission is not slavish but free and willing. But then they stop. (See Margaret Howe, Women and Church Leadership, p. 55; Patricia Gundry, Woman Be Free, p. 73.) And because they stop there, young people today are left with great ambiguity and confusion about the proper roles of husband and wife. Christian singles and young couples know that husbands and wives are not to lord it over each other; they know they are to serve each other and put the other's interests first and not be mindless and obsequious. They know the pitfalls of domination and servility.
But if you ask the average young man or woman today, who has been bombarded with feminist ideology for fifteen years, What is distinct about your God-intended role as husband? What is unique about your God-intended role as wife? What are some positive, practical implications of being called "head" that make the husband's role different from his wife's?—young people have a very hard time answering these questions. Interpretations of Ephesians 5 have been so defensive that very little help has been offered to young people in defining the biblical differences between the roles of husband and wife.
But every ordinary reader can see in Ephesians 5 what feminist scholars so often neglect: after declaring that there is mutual submission in verse 21, Paul devotes 12 verses to unfolding the difference in the way a husband and wife should serve each other. After verse 21 the whole passage is devoted to making distinctions between the loving headship of a Christ-like husband and the willing submission of a church-like wife. What we so desperately need to hear from this text today is not just what headship and submission don't mean, but what they do mean and the difference between them. What are the positive, practical implications of being called "head" that give man his distinct role in marriage? It is not enough to say, "Serve one another." That is true of Christ and his church—they serve each other. But they do not serve in all the same ways. Christ is Christ. We are the church. To confuse the distinctions would be doctrinally and spiritually devastating. So also the husband is the husband and the wife is the wife. And to confuse these God-intended distinctions harms personal, church, and social life over the long haul.
So what I want to do this Father's Day is not rehearse all of what I've written in the Standard or said in earlier sermons, but rather spell out in practical terms some of what I think it means for a man to be the head of his household.
Four Reasons "Head" Means Leader
Again and again you hear feminists say that "head" does not mean leader. For example, Patricia Gundry writes, "The meaning of head is not that of 'leader' but of 'source,' 'respect,' and 'responsibility'" (Woman Be Free, p. 71). I surely don't want to disagree with those three words. The husband should be a source of strength and security and love for his wife. He should have her respect. He is uniquely responsible in the relationship. But surely those three truths are not the opposite of leadership but the expression of leadership.
There are at least four reasons why we should insist that headship does mean leadership in Ephesians 5.
1) It was commonly held in Paul's day that since the head was on top of the body and had eyes, it was the leader of the body. Philo (a contemporary of Paul) said, "Nature conforms the leadership of the body on the head" (Special Laws, III, 184).
2) "Head" is used for leader in the Old Testament. For example, Judges 11:11, "So Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead, and the people made him head and leader over them." (See also 10:18; 11:8, 9; 2 Samuel 22:44; Psalm 18:43; Isaiah 7:8.)
3) Ephesians 1:21–23 says that Christ is "above every name that is named . . . and God has put all things under his feet and has made him the head over all things for the church, which is his body." Christ is not seen here as the source but the ruler over all things when he is called head.
4) In view of all this, when Paul says that a wife should be subject to her husband because he is head, headship must be something that makes submission especially appropriate. And what makes it appropriate is that God has ordained that man, as head, be the leader of his household.
God's Beautiful Plan for Marriage
I'm convinced that as long as this Scripture stands, the efforts of feminist interpreters to flatten out husband-wife role distinctions and to empty headship of its leadership implications will continue to look like the Scripture-twisting we are all tempted to do when we don't like what the Bible says.
But there is no good reason for husbands and wives not to like what the Bible says here. There is something deep in every man that comes into its own when he assumes the role of loving servant-leader in his family. And deep down he knows that part of his personhood is compromised if his wife has taken the leadership of the family. Likewise there is something deep in every woman which rejoices and flourishes when she can freely and creatively support and complement the leadership of her husband. God's plan for marriage is beautiful and deeply fulfilling. It is not oppressive and fearful. It is freeing because it's God's deep design.
Four Areas in Which the Husband Should Lead
So let me spend the rest of our time this morning unpacking some of the specific applications of headship or leadership for husbands. I'll focus on four things in which the husband should take the lead.
1. His Personal Relationship with God
The first is the pursuit of his own personal relation with God. No man will be a spiritual leader in his home if he is not going deep with God in his own private life. He may try to lead, but it will not be spiritual leadership; it will not be Christ-like leadership. Therefore every Christian man who hopes to be a biblical husband and father must go hard after God in the solitude of his own prayer life. He must devote himself daily to the Word and prayer. He must fight the fight of faith in his own soul before he can hope to lead his family in spiritual warfare.
Leadership is something you are as much as something you do. If you come out of your solitude with the aroma of Christ lingering in your life, your wife and children will sense intuitively that you are at the helm of the ship with God's hand on your shoulder. Leadership techniques and strategies are all in vain if the man has not been with God. It's what we become in solitude with God that makes us spiritual leaders. If we fail here, we fail utterly.
A Shared Responsibility
This first step of leadership is not like the other three because this one is shared equally by the wife. Every wife has the duty to go hard after God in her own soul. There is no borrowed or substitute spirituality. The daughters of God must have direct personal dealings with their heavenly Father. The husband's spiritual life can never substitute for the wife's. When Peter described the holy women of old who were submissive to their husbands, he described them as women who "hoped in God" (1 Peter 3:5). The foundation and goal of their lives was not their husband but God. While Noël and the boys were away the past ten days, I thought a lot about what it would be like if one of us died and left the other behind. It was a deep joy for me to know that if I die, the foundation and goal of my wife's life will be unshaken, because it is not me. My sons would have the same spiritual rock to hold on to.
The Difference Between Husband and Wife
But there is a difference in the husband's and wife's pursuit of personal, spiritual strength. For the husband it is the foundation of his headship and the heart of his leadership. For the wife it is the foundation of her submission and support for her husband's headship. Neither will be able to fulfill the role God has appointed without pursuing power with God in solitude. But the roles that grow out of this pursuit are not the same. The same fire can make one element firm and another element soft. And so the fire of God's presence in solitude produces some distinct effects in the life of a husband and some distinct effects in the life of a wife. It refines them for their respective roles.
Do Not Abdicate Your Responsibility
Some men react all wrong to a wife who is growing spiritually. He may say, "Well I'm not into that, so I'll let her be the spiritual leader in the family and I'll make sure we stay afloat financially and have food on the table. She can put her head in the clouds. I'll keep our feet on the ground." This response is neither biblical nor satisfying for husband or wife in the long run. To abdicate leadership at the most important, all-encompassing level of spirituality is to abdicate Christian headship. What is left of headship when spiritual leadership is surrendered is a hollow shell. Instead, a husband who sees his wife going hard after God should humble himself, admit his need, and press on in his own pursuit of spiritual depth. This does not mean he has to be her intellectual superior. There is no necessary connection between being intellectual and being spiritual. It means he must not lag behind her in personal love for Christ and zeal for God's will.
Again and again I have seen that the abdication of spiritual leadership is owing to pride. Men are too proud to admit that spiritually they must play catch-up to their wives. So they just hang back and think of the spiritual life as "woman's work" and so protect their egos. Brothers, that is childish. Our women know it is childish. Some of them will accept what you have surrendered and become your mother. The immature boy in you will like that. The mature man will revolt. So I urge you. Humble yourselves. Grow up. Become a godly man. Go hard after God in the solitude of your room, and I promise a new depth and joy in your relationship.
2. Shaping the Family's Moral and Spiritual Vision
The second area in which the husband should take the lead is in shaping the moral and spiritual vision of the family. A leader is someone who takes the time and initiative to think about priorities and goals. You can't lead anyone anywhere until you have thought about where you want to go. An aimless husband does not make a happy wife. The vast majority of wives love it when their husbands lead out in thinking about family priorities and goals. I say "lead out in" not "monopolize." A good leader always takes the insight and needs and desires of his wife and the children into view. Leader and dictator are not synonymous.
What I have in mind here is that a husband take the initiative in forming goals for the family. This begins in private reflection and prayer about the family. It proceeds by discussion and study and prayer with the family members; and it culminates in a plan of action. The headship of a husband is compromised if he takes no initiative in setting goals and is constantly goaded by his wife to make some decisions. They may joke about his laid-back ways and her forcefulness. But deep down the respect and admiration for a competent servant leader will be missing from her heart; and his jokes will only barely cover up his sense of failure. A man knows in his heart he should be leading out in decisions about issues of lifestyle, and doctrine, and church affiliation, and financial policies, and the discipline of the children. Being the head does not mean that goals are established unilaterally. It means the husband has a special responsibility to lead the family to biblical decisions on these matters. He should not have to be nagged into action by an alert wife. He should take the lead in shaping the moral and spiritual vision of the family.
3. Gathering the Family for Prayer, Scripture, Worship
The third act of leadership comes out of the second. You might say it is a specific part of it. As the head the husband should take the lead in gathering the family for prayer and Scripture reading and worship. When a husband fails here and the wife has to constantly remind him or call the kids by herself, the soul of the marriage is in jeopardy. I would go so far as to say that this one act of leadership is so important that if you men would take the initiative here, almost all other leadership issues would fall into proper place.
I close every series of pre-marital counseling sessions with these words: Your devotional life together as a couple is the soul and heartbeat of your marriage. If it weakens, disease will occur in a dozen other areas with no apparent connection to the heart. You cannot be growing spiritually as a couple or a family without daily prayer and meditation together. And if you are not growing, you are dying. And, men, it is your responsibility. When Adam and Eve sinned in the garden and God came to call them to account, it didn't matter that Eve had eaten first; God said, "Adam, where are you?" That's God's word to your family this morning: Adam, husband, father, where are you? He will seek an accounting from you first, not your wife, if the family has neglected prayer and put TV before the living God.
Here's how to get started again. Humble yourselves and admit your failure. Confess to your wife your sin. Go apart with God and plan a week of devotions with her and the family. Announce to them that a new day is dawning on the home front. Then lead them to God. This is so threatening to some of you it makes you tense to think of it. You will have to swallow so much pride. But be courageous. Fear is a scrawny enemy. Do not let him conquer you. I promise you that once you have gotten over the first hill, a new world will open before you. The ugly guilt will be gone. The sense of failure will be gone. The uncertainty of your love for God and the family will be gone. And a dozen areas of tension in your marriage will be healed which you did not know had anything to do with family devotions.
4. Reconciliation
There is one last dimension of leadership I want to charge you men with. You should take the lead in reconciliation. I do"? She might beat you to it. That's OK. But woe to you if you think your headship entitles you to wait. On the contrary. Here, too, you should take the lead.
In summary, then, there is mutual serving in marriage. But the roles of husband and wife are not identical. The husband is to be the head, the leader.
- He should lead out in the pursuit of his own personal relation with God.
- He should take the lead in shaping the moral and spiritual goals of the family.
- He should take the initiative to gather the family for prayer and Scripture reading and worship.
- And he should consider it a special responsibility to take the lead in reconciliation.
When a man has the grace of humility and courage to do these things, the power of Christ is exalted and the heart of his wife rejoices and his children will rise up and call him blessed.
<|endofexample|>
At the December annual meeting the church approved a new arrangement of responsibilities among the church staff. Many of you were not able to be in on that discussion and did not get a copy of the proposal when it was handed out on Sunday, December 12. So I hope this brief description of the changes will help you see what has happened.
Pastor Glenn’s responsibilities have been redefined to embrace the total ministry of pastoral care. Formerly he was also responsible for visitation of newcomers and evangelism. Now he is no longer responsible for leading our outreach efforts, but is responsible for leading us in the caring, nurturing ministries within the church body. This includes ministry to our elderly members who cannot get out to worship.
Some of you expressed concern that the termination of David Carlson’s position as part-time minister of visitation for the elderly could be a retreat from our commitment to faithful members who are “shut-in.” Please be assured our aim is exactly the opposite of retreat. It is advance. By putting the ministry to the elderly directly under the responsibility of a full-time pastoral staff member we anticipate that all the benefits which David Carlson brought to the shut-ins will be preserved. Not only will Pastor Glenn be visiting the elderly himself on a regular basis, but eventually he will also develop a team to assist him, which will provide other kinds of help to the seniors as well. If any of you have suggestions for the ministry to our senior members, feel free to contact Pastor Glenn.
Now where does this leave our outreach leadership? The proposal approved on December 16 was that the Deacon Council bring nominations to the church for the formation of a search committee which would undertake to find in 1983 a full-time minister of evangelism and discipleship. A detailed (tentative) job description for such a person was presented and can be seen in the church office. The financial feasibility of such an addition is based on one fact and one assumption. The fact is that by including ministry to the elderly in Pastor Glenn’s responsibilities we save about $9,000 annually which Dana Olson and David Carlson were receiving for work in that area. The assumption is that an effective leader in evangelism would mobilize and inspire and train us as a people such that we would grow and give enough to cover his salary. In the meantime, Dana Olson has been appointed as a temporary intern for evangelism and discipleship.
I hope you all can sense the optimism and hope in the air at BBC which I do. Our worship times are becoming more and more authentic as we really “center down” on God himself. Last Sunday morning we had 685 people in two services and 206 in the evening. The spirit was wonderful. We are hard pressed for Sunday School space and people are dreaming of lots of different ways to adjust. Plans are emerging for a church-wide assessment of our goals in preparation for long-range planning. The house at 1212 Eighth Street will be moved in four weeks and the city has approved all our landscaping and parking lot improvements. Best of all, individuals are coming alive to God at Bethlehem: lukewarmness is heating up, bad habits are being broken, many visitors are sensing “God is here!” and are coming back, and we are growing in boldness of witness.
So please join the chorus of prayer. Only God can build a church for his glory. Our first job then is to sing “We need thee every hour.”
Expectantly,
Pastor John
<|endofexample|>
Shaving your head isn’t just about taking a razor to it.
There are few things like having the person in your life stroking your bald head. If you are balding, shaving it all off might be the easiest way to cloak the growing bald spot.
Making the decision to shave your head shouldn’t be taken lightly – you don’t want to discover warts and bumps you weren’t aware existed once your head is clean and shiny or that, while your forehead worked with a mop of hair or short afro, it just doesn’t without any hair to distract.
What to consider
• Is it appropriate for your workplace and your lifestyle? Whether we like it or not, there are often rules to appearance within the workplace.
• Will it suit the shape of your head and face?
• Will you maintain it? It can be high maintenance, particularly if your hair grows quickly.
Sizwe from Legents Hair & Grooming Lounge suggests you start with a brush cut before making the leap to a bald head. Go down to a No 2 on the clipper the first time and a No 1 the second time. It will also make it easier to check for any scars and bumps – have someone you trust give your head a good feel to check.
How to shave it
Remember that the scalp is sensitive and a hair clipper can be brutal. It’s important to trust your barber to cut you close or to use a shaving powder, which removes everything without the buzz of a clipper and potential cuts.
How to maintain it
You’ll probably need to get a shave at least once a week, but your morning routine will be a lot quicker. To avoid unsightly shaving bumps on your scalp, use something like Bump Control as well as a moisturiser or shave gel to give it just the right shine.
SOURCES:,,
<|endofexample|>
Just your email above and then write RESET as your password and hit submit. We'll send you a link to reset it immediately. If that fails check your spam box or try another email you may have used. You can also email us community@destructoid.com for assistance.
Adblockers, Antivirus, Anonymous Browsing, etc. are notorious for breaking site logins. See if your Norton, McAffee,
etc. aren't blocking cookies. Good security programs always run in the background, so closing the icon doesn't mean they are shut down (Avast definitely does this). Try a different browser or in anonymous mode to help pinpoint the issue.
If all else fails click this support link email us and describe your problem. Please include your Browser, Operating System, etc. and be as specific as possible so we can nail it on the first try.
<|endofexample|>
Delaware State University’s Wellness and Recreation Center and its Go Green Initiative have been featured in two publications recently.
The Wellness and Recreation is featured in the current online edition of Athletic Business. To access the article, go to [1]
Also an article on DSU's Go Green initiative can be found on page 28 in the July/August 2010 issue of Black College Today.
<|endofexample|>
The inaugural Niche Mommy Conference was held in New Orleans this year and I was lucky enough to attend via sponsorship with Britax. It was an exhilarating weekend, packed with learning, networking and lots and lots of eating. As a boutique conference, Niche Mommy’s emphasis was on the quality of your experience, and as a newbie to the conference scene, that is exactly what I needed.
The conference was held in the beautiful Waldorf Astoria property, The Roosevelt New Orleans. The hotel is seeping in history and nestled within walking distant to all the amazing sights that NOLA has to offer. With a past dating back to the early twentieth century, The Roosevelt New Orleans has hosted the famous and infamous alike. It was undergone restoration, but the charm and nostalgia of the property has remained. It was the perfect selection for the conference venue and I enjoyed calling it home for my weekend getaway.
One of the pieces of advice that I received in attending my first conference was to determine my goals and define my own vision of a successful experience. This was imperative for someone who didn’t really know what to expect. Personally, I wasn’t too concerned with making connections with brands or swag. I was already attending the conference with Britax, a brand I wholeheartedly support and am knowledgeable of. However, I was super excited to meet and mingle with new bloggers, and of course for the learning that goes on within the conference sessions. But, my first order of business was to finally meet IRL {blogger talk for “in real life”} the amazing women who have influenced me so much. At Niche Mommy, I was finally able to hug and chat with bloggers who I frequently email and converse with virtually, and doing so was my ultimate conference goal.
High on my agenda was also learning more about travel blogging and meeting the wonderful Tracey of One Brown Girl. Tracey works tirelessly to promote the values of travel to women of all ages through her Passport Party Project and her recent endevor of #BrownGirlsGive. I was SO thrilled to, not only meet this amazing woman, but to also spend quite a bit of time with her while walking the streets of NOLA. In that time, I learned so much on how to document my philosophies of travel and exposing my kids to culture. Tracey’s passion oozes out of her. Being around her motivated me to engage that part of my voice within this blog.
Meeting the keynote speakers was very cool – what an amazing wealth of knowledge and inspiration from bloggers and social media gurus that are doing big things! I especially enjoyed getting to know Daisy Sutherland, aka Dr. Mommy and author of the newly released book “Letting Go of Super Mom”. I learned a lot from her willingness to share knowledge and tips of advice…. she even extended me an invitation to guest post on her highly awarded website! Although making that connection was not on my radar, I was delighted to have made a great friends with a blogger doing big things.
Listening to Ted Rubin of Collective Bias discuss his infamous phrase “Return on Relationships” was very inspiring. Since I’m still a small blogger reaching for big opportunities, being sure to connect with my beloved readers is imperative. {Look out for a new interactive comment section coming soon!} It was great knowing that big timers believe int this philosophy, too.
Karen Walrond of the ever inspiring, photo-centric blog Chookooloonks was simply amazing. She is doing so many of the things I strive to accomplish with my blog, and in my life. She writes. She shoots. She lives in the most beautiful way. Her blog’s tagline says so much about the person she is and the positive energy she is putting out to the world: wildly convinced you’re uncommonly beautiful. After her keynote address, I stood in line to meet her. In a frantic mess, I told her about De Su Mama and the path I hope to lead my blog’s voice towards. I told her about my mixed family {her’s is, as well} and even asked her what lens she was using for a specific photo that I admired {50mm 1.4}. She took my card and said she thought my message was endearing. This one connection was not one I planned on, but turned into a highlight of my first conference. You better believe I will be reaching out to her in the future!
All in all, The Niche Mommy conference was the perfect pick for my first conference experience. I look forward to its continued growth and to attend again next year, because this is one conference that will for sure continue to evolve and grow into one of the best on the blogging conference circuit.
I will be posting more about my trip to New Orleans, and one amazing new friend I made {I’ll give you a hint: she goes BAM!} this week. It was a splendid city that has captured my heart… I can’t wait to take the family back soon!
Love your photos. It was great to meet you. See you next year
just one tip about your blog – “amor y historia” is incorrect. the correct way to say and write it is “amor e historia.” i believe not too long ago it also said, “letras de amor y history” and if you decide to add letters again, the correct way to write it is: “cartas de amor e historia” (letras are letters like A, B, C, D, etc.) i hope you’re not offended by my observation.
Not at all offended; thank you for your input. I write often about my wish for and lack of fluency in my family’s mother tongue {you can find more pieces on such topic on my author’s page at SpanglishBaby}. Letras de amor y historia is how my Spanglish brain translates the message into Spanish, so that’s how it will stay. Thanks again for your comment.
Why is everyone trying to make me cry today. Love your recap and your photos are gorgeous…you are talented
Looks like you had an amazing time and made lots of awesome connections. I’m thrilled for you! can’t wait to hear more!
Great blog post and FANTASTIC photos. I could still kick myself in the butt for leaving my camera at home. I just can’t believe that I forgot it:-(
<|endofexample|>
Derrell Johnson-Koulianos Went Full New Jack City In Iowa City
This was not the week to bet on black. Wesley Snipes finally reported to prison to start serving a three-year sentence for tax evasion. Vampires everywhere must be thrilled. Iowa receiver Derrell Johnson-Koulianos thought he could take Nino’s place and turn his home into a drug house. It’s unclear if a crackhead infiltrated the operation but it suffered the same fate as the Carter Apartments.
Johnson-Koulianos, Iowa’s all time leading receiver in yards and receptions, was arrested along with his roommate Bradley Johnson after police raided their house on Tuesday.
Johnson-Koulianos, a Campbell, Ohio, native,.
Ice-T was unavailable for comment. Hopefully someone on the Iowa City police force uttered a line as hilariously stupid as “I want to shoot you so bad, my dick’s hard“.
Needless to say, Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz suspended the senior and first team all-Big Ten receiver from all activities.
As of Wednesday, Johnson-Koulianos was ranked 32nd among wide receivers entering next year’s NFL draft by cbssports.com. I have no idea where Mel Kiper and Todd McShay had him before his arrest but I’ll be damned if I sign up for ESPN Insider again. I made that mistake once and it was like I was being stalked by ESPN The Magazine. Let’s be honest. It isn’t even good bathroom reading and I was tired of answering questions about why I subscribed to it every time a guest used my bathroom. “I swear I didn’t know it was part of the deal!” I digress.
To say Johnson-Koulianos’ stock is plummeting would be an understatement. Good thing Adrian Clayborn will represent Iowa in the first round because he won’t sniff the draft let alone a training camp invite. If teams (well, the Dolphins) were concerned that Dez Bryant’s mom was a whore, imagine what they’ll think of him. This goes way beyond the a Ricky Stanzi party.
Johnson-Koulianos has destroyed his immediate NFL prospects. Although he wasn’t one of the top ranked receivers in the 2011 draft, he had a legitimate shot of being a late draft pick or getting a training camp invite. From there who knows what could have happened. There’s the loss of potential income and the ability to take care of himself and family for life. However this story is bigger than the loss of money or professional status.
Johnson-Koulianos tested positive for marijuana and cocaine. Most people will talk about him sullying Iowa’s reputation or chances in the Insight Bowl. Ferentz’s coaching this season did more to affect the former than his top receiver. He has some major personal issues to sort out before thinking about getting back on the football field regardless of how the legal issues sort out.
Officers … reported finding “electronic media” showing Johnson-Koulianos in possession of cocaine and marijuana, complaints state.
Let’s put the utter disregard for discretion aside at the moment. Johnson-Koulianos was taking so many different drugs that the court should order treatment as part of any sentence. In addition to weed and coke, he also admitted to taking various prescription drugs that he obtained from “friends” without a prescription. Maybe he had a BMOC complex. Perhaps he never saw anything wrong with what he was doing. Many will say he did it to himself and he deserves whatever punishment he gets. It is his fault but he obviously needs help. Does Iowa owe him anything for his contributions to the football program? It’s about helping a young kid get his life together before he throws it away. Look what happened to Maurice Clarett after Ohio State kicked him to the curb. They got what they wanted out of him then tried to forget he ever existed. Forget prison. He’s playing in the UFL with Jeff Garcia. Is that what Johnson-Koulianos wants for himself? Omaha?
Hopefully Ferentz and rest of the Hawkeye football program will support Johnson-Koulianos through this and he’ll come out of this having learnt something before it’s done. Hey hey hey! It’s a bit more serious than an episode of Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids and the UFL but you get the point.
<|endofexample|>
Community
- Details
- Created on Monday, 22 June 2009 13:01
“Go lightly on this fragile earth – we are all strangers on this shore...”This section of the site is offered as a meeting space for friends. Please be sure to visit the Forum in order to form your own local Satsang Circles. Don’t wait for a special event: create one!
Read Concert Comments and Letters from around the world.
Browse Links to some of Deva and Miten’s favorite websites.
Join our community! Subscribe to the Newsletter and receive updates on new CDs, tour schedules, and highlights from Deva & Miten's adventures on the road.
<|endofexample|>
Why Channel 4 loves indie games studios
Tuesday, 8th September 2009 at 10:48 am
Broadcaster highlights the merits of smaller teams for its new educational games
Speaking to Develop for an in-depth feature on Channel 4's focus on high-quality educational games, staff at the broadcaster have suggested that independent developers may offer a better service to those commissioning games content for their audience.
“I think that indies do deliver a superior understanding of what makes for a better educational game," revealed Channel 4 Education’s commissioning editor Alice Taylor. "In saying that perhaps I’m going to upset those in the educational serious games area."
“What a lot of people don’t appreciate is that these bedroom developers often have a really loyal following, which is very unlike what any agency has, generally speaking," added Jody Smith, who serves as editor of the website accompaniment to E4.
“Fans are talking about them already, so when we actually launch their games, they’re going to be bringing in an audience, and an audience that probably don’t watch E4.," continued Smith. "Their reputation is really good, and they bring with them respect. That’s the reason sites like Kongregate and Newgrounds have such great followings.”
Taylor, who is at the forefront of Channel 4's drive to harness idiosyncratic, entertaining web games for educational purposes, also had much to say on the merits of good educational games, and the design of titles that successfully juggle entertainment, innovation and learning.
“I’m generalising massively, but I think if you start off with the learning, and try and apply a game to it, it sometimes works, but in many cases it just doesn’t," said Taylor. "But a game has to be fun – it has to be magic. You can put learning into a game, but it’s very hard to put a game into learning."
Click here to read our full Channel 4 feature, which looks at how Channel 4 is pioneering a new approach to the design of educational gaming, and the way the media network is working with UK indies to better deliver on its responsibility as a resource for learning.
<|endofexample|>
The War Z sales shut down on Steam
Wednesday, 19th December 2012 at 7:29 pm
Valve issues apology and offers refunds in wake of 'misleading advertising' controversy
Valve has stopped sales of The War Z on Steam in response to overwhelming fan criticism.
Claims of "Misleading advertising", forum censorship, and controversial microtransactions have surrounded the game since Monday's release.
The zombie survival game's Steam page is still up, but the game cannot be purchased.
Customers can still buy through the official website.
Valve has gone so far as to issue unhappy customers a full refund of the game.
"From time to time a mistake can be made and one was made by prematurely issuing a copy of War Z for sale via Steam," Valve told Kotaku.
."
<|endofexample|>
I must say that the frontpage for is very confusing. If Nokia want to make a app-store. Please, make it easy to use and grasp. 50% if the screen is filled with icons I can't click. When I click game I end up at ngage. Sure this is fine if you want to confuse your ovi users even further with a whole new layout and buttons. And what is ovi blogs, files on ovi, ovi store, share on ovi etc etc. Sure, I can take my time to click on all these links. But will the average user that spend time on that?
To sum it up: I think that ovi tries to get all possible content of all kinds into one place.
Maybe this will change and be better when ovi store is released.
rgds
Carolus
<|endofexample|>
Hello,
I created a Hello World application by Java using Nokia Developer's Suite 2.0 for J2ME.
It works fine in the emulator of the Developers's Suite. But I cannot deploy the application to Nokia 3650 by IR.
I read from this forum that I have to create a .sis for deploying my application to Series 60 mobiles.
Then, I installed Symbian 6.0 SDK and then use makesis.exe with the .pkg file as following:
; Header
#{"HelloWorld application"},(0x01000000),1,0,0
; Files to be installed
"HelloWorldMIDlet.jar"-"!:\system\apps\HelloWorldMIDlet\HelloWorldMIDlet.jar"
I send the .sis to my mobile via IR and it can be installed in my Nokia 3650 now, but I cannot see any application icon for my Hello World application after installation!!
Do you have experience to deploy .jar application to 3650? Is the way I did above correct??
Can anyone point me to a correct way?
Thanks,
Jason Ho
<|endofexample|>
Review of the year
quiz - how well do you remember the year 2001?
Questions about the year 2001.
2. What connects King Gyanendra of Nepal,
India`s `Bandit Queen` Phoolan Devi and Israeli tourism minister
Rehavam Zeevi?
3. What did 25 million people do during Maha
Kumbh Mela, the Great Festival of the Pitcher?
4. Name some computer viruses which hit this
year?
5. Which two companies merged this year only
to find that one of the founding families wasn't happy?
6. Who won the Tour de France for the third
successive year in July 2001?
7. Which infamous drug went off-patent this year?
9. Which wonder company went under & produced the biggest bankruptcy in American history?
10. Which government, led by which leader,
withdrew their support for an accorrd on global warming & an anti-ballistic missile treaty?
11. Choose the correct figures.
In 2001 AIDS killed:
a. 500.000 Africans
b. 1.000.000 Africans
c. 2.300.000 Africans
12. In 2001 AIDS:
a. was contracted by 2.000.000 people worldwide.
b. was contracted by 5.000.000 people worldwide.
c. was contracted by 750.000 people worldwide.
13. Now AIDS afflicts:
a. some 40.000.000 people worldwide.
b. some 4.000.000 people worldwide.
c. some 10.000.000 people worldwide.
14. Which country breathed a sigh of relief
when their leader didn't return from Japan? Who took over
from him?
15. And in Japan which charismatic leader
took the reins?
16. Whose Liberal Party won an unexpected
victory & in which country did the Action Party win an
expected election?
18. Which two opposing countries joined the
World Trade Organisation?
19. Which company got off lightly, to such
an extent that it was seen as a victory?
20. Which leader was voted in again with
a majority & went on to become a roving war leader?
21. Which leader was voted in under a cloud
of scandal? (Which one wasn't!!)
22. Which mop top died & which said he
was ready to get married again?
23.Who was deemed "mentally unfit to
stand trial"?
24. Who was the wizard of the year?
25. Which famous writer is serving a four-year
sentence for perjury and perverting the course of justice
in Wayland Prison in Norfolk?
27. What happened to the Buddhas of Bamian?
28. An anti-globalisation protester was killed
in which city?
30. Which hitchhiker
left behind a novel in his computer, soon to be published?
31. Where did TV journalists barricade themselves
in their studios in a dispute over the station's ownership?
32. Which city won the right to host the
2008 Olympic Games?
33. The former king of which country returned
to power through the ballot box?
Back
to the top
<|endofexample|>
DPGA Members and their Guests enjoy the camaraderie of good-natured competition whether they are teeing it up in the Club Championship, our President’s Cup event modelled after the Ryder Cup, or simply enjoying a round with friends or family.
Additional events include Member-Member and Member-Guest Tournaments, Men's Day, Ladies' Sponsor Night and our Senior Series. Members of all skill levels can be as active and competitive as they like.
For golfers seeking to test their game, the Devil's Pulpit Golf Association Open is a 36-hole net tournament with men's and ladies' divisions.
The Club Championship weekend, which features gross and net competition for men, ladies, intermediates and juniors, presents another stern test while Seniors play off during the Seniors’ Championship weekend to determine their best.
Golf Shops
Our destination golf shop is at the Pulpit, featuring the newest golf clubs, apparel, footwear, golf bags, balls and accessories. The Paintbrush offers playing necessities including clothing. The Pulpit practice range featuring grass tees, an undulating putting green and bunkers is conveniently located near the golf shop.
INDIVIDUAL AND GROUP INSTRUCTION
Your club pro and associate pros are available for instruction addressing improvement, situational instruction, on-course strategy and other topical subjects. Scheduled Demo, Short Game Tune-up and Game Improvement Days provide Members with many opportunities to improve their game.
<|endofexample|>
|

>
Tasks and Techniques
>
Thread ...
Making a Thread-Safe or Synchronized Collection
by Shantanu Garg
As you know by now, the commonly used collection classes, such as java.util.ArrayList, are not synchronized. However, if there's a chance that two threads could be altering a collection ...
Accessing Class Members From the Static Member Function
by Rajesh Chathapuram
When a class has Thread entry functions, it is usually declared as static member functions of the class as in the example ...
Take Control of the Threads Created By a Program
by Shantanu Garg
Whenever a thread is created in a program, it is unknown when it will execute. This means there may be cases where the parent program has finished but the thread is still executing. One way to ...
Portable Locks
by Danny Kalev
Sometimes you need to make sure that only one instance of the same application can run at any given time. Although every platform defines different locking schemes, you can use the following ...
Threads and JDBC Connections
by DevX Pro
Is the JDBC Connection class thread safe? In other words, can a connection be shared between multiple threads without using synchronization?
Synchronized Method Overhead
by DevX Pro
I am interested in keeping my code running as fast as possible. Is there a cost associated with making my methods synchronized, and if so, how significant a cost?
Threading and SimpleDateFormat
by DevX Pro
Is SimpleDateFormat threadsafe? I am trying to track down a bug where a date formatted "yyyy-MM-dd" actually came out as 2000-06-0001. I have four threads accessing the format method of my date formatter class at approximately the same time.
Identify Atomic and Non-Atomic Operations
by C.V. Ram
In Java, the reading and writing of 32-bit or smaller quantities are guaranteed to be atomic. By atomic we mean each action takes place in one step and cannot be interrupted. Thus, when we have ...
Re-entrant Functions
by Danny Kalev
A function that can be safely called while it's already executing is said to be
re-entran
t. The C++ standard doesn't state whether the Standard Library's functions are re-entrant; this is an ...
1-20 of 62
<|endofexample|>
News
Wind Energy Study 2008
Rapid growth predicted in the global wind energy market - Annual new installations worldwide will increase from 20 000 MW to 107 000 MW in the next ten years - Globally, there could be some 718 000 MW installed wind capacity by 2017 - HUSUM WindEnergy 2008 at the Husum Trade Fair site from 9 to 13 September 2008
Berlin, 26 May 2008
The international wind energy industry takes a very positive view of further development of the worldwide wind energy market in the coming years. Thus the world market volume of annual new installations is expected to be multiplied by five within ten years, from about 20 000 MW in 2007 to about 107 000 MW in 2017. The results of the fourth WindEnergy Study were presented in Berlin today – they were commissioned by Husum WindEnergy 2008 with the German Wind Energy Institute (DEWI) in the run-up to the industry's leading international fair. As the survey of companies active in this international industry showed, there could be a total of some 718,000 installed wind power worldwide by the end of 2017 (compared with about 94 000 MW at the end of 2007).
“This survey gives the companies in the industry a vital preview of the markets of the future. Its results are also reflected in the structure of the leading international trade fair of the wind energy industry, Husum WindEnergy, with exhibitors from 35 countries, including national pavilions from the USA, Canada, France and the UK, and with visitors from 40 countries, that is from the growth markets,” says Hanno Fecke, Managing Director of the Husum Trade Fair. “The WindEnergy-Study has provided a continuous set of data over the years, giving the industry an outstanding overview and a valuable forecast of the development of the global wind energy market,” says Bernd Aufderheide, Chairman of the Management Board of Hamburg Messe und Congress, which is the cooperation partner of Husum Trade Fair.
The data for Germany are applicable for the time of the survey, that is before the amendment of the Renewable Energies Act and thus before the decision on new conditions. They show possible total installation of 31 800 MW by 2012, of which 28 000 MW is onshore and about 3 800 MW offshore. The figure for 2017 is a total of 44 000 MW installed power, of which 32 500 MW onshore and 11 500 MW in the North Sea and Baltic Sea. That means about 13% more installed power onshore than was forecast in the 2006 Study. A scenario shown at the same time in the WindEnergy Study of the German wind market up to 2030 also gives a very much more positive view than two years ago. It indicates that there could be a total of as much as 65 000 MW on stream in 2030 (onshore and offshore), meeting about 31% of gross German power demand. That would mean some 35 100 MW installed onshore (i.e. about 7 200 MW more than was forecast in 2006) and some 30 000 MW offshore.
“The WindEnergy Study 2008 forecasts strong continuous growth for the global wind industry,” says Thorsten Herdan, Managing Director of the Manufacturers’ Association VDMA Power Systems. “For 2017 we are talking about a total sales volume of well over 100 billion euros. To realise this optimistic forecast, German manufacturers and equipment suppliers, who account for more than one third of total sales volume in the wind industry, would have to make another massive increase in their production capacities for turbines and components. A continuous home market for onshore and offshore wind energy, and sufficient skilled manpower, is essential to bring these enormous investments to Germany.” Hermann Albers, President of the Federal Wind Energy Association (BWE), sees Germany as the clear winner in the global wind energy boom, and notes that “the German export quota of some 80% of manufactured components and turbines is safeguarding and creating more and more jobs –more than 80 000 of them already today.”
The companies surveyed suppose steady development in the European market in the next five years. They are expecting some 129 000 MW installed power by 2012, as compared with 57 136 MW at the end of 2007. Global installed power is expected to reach 288 000 MW by 2012 (versus 94 000 MW at the end of 2007). The study predicts that by 2012 more than half the installed wind turbine power will be outside of Europe, as compared to only 39% in 2007. That shows how fast the non-European markets are catching up with Europe in use of wind energy, and just how much potential this market holds.
The focus of worldwide growth last year was in the USA, China, Spain, Germany and India, with some 78% of new installations. The respondents feel that the USA, China and Spain have great growth potential into the future, and there are also other countries that are becoming important to them, such as Greece and South Korea. The extension of tax benefits for wind energy adopted by the US Senate (PTC) by the end of 2009 (the decision by Congress is still pending) will most likely enable the US wind industry to continue breaking records in the next two years. The majority of companies surveyed feel that the US market will survive even without extension of PTC, as various states are funding wind energy.
“The WindEnergy Study provides impressive proof of the sustained upswing for wind energy worldwide” says Steve Sawyer of the Global Wind Energy Council (GWEC). “The market growth shown in the study, that is some 20% per annum worldwide up to 2017, is a great opportunity for the industry, the labour markets, and for climate protection.”
In China a total of 44 manufacturers installed new turbines with total capacity of 3 499 MW in 2007. Nearly two thirds (62%) of respondents feel that this development gives them good chances of participating in the Chinese market. As many as 19% of the companies participating in the survey see opportunities for themselves to develop wind farm projects in China – mostly in the framework of joint ventures. Respondents feel that the competitors growing up rapidly in China will be competing in the world market from 2010 onwards.
HUSUM WindEnergy 2008 – the leading international wind industry fair – has for the first time been organised as a cooperation venture between the Husum Trade Fair and the Hamburg Trade Fair. From 9 to 13 September, some 700 exhibitors from 35 countries will present their products and services at the Husum trade fair site, including the world’s leading wind turbine manufacturers and their equipment suppliers. This fair is dedicated to the wind industry, and will be the international meeting point and forum for companies and trade visitors for five days.
Downloads:
Summary WindEnergy Study 2008
Charts
<|endofexample|>
Dezeen Platform: Milan designer Denis Guidone steps up to Dezeen Platform at Dezeen Space today and showcases some examples of his latest watch designs, including some prototypes of models not yet in production. More »
Watches »
Dezeen Watch Store at Ligne Roset Westend
Dezeen Watch Store: check out Dezeen Watch Store's ranges from VOID, Uniform Wares and Ziiiro at our latest pop-up, which is now open at Ligne Roset Westend, 23/25 Mortimer St, London W1T 3JE until 25 September. Go to Dezeen Watch Store »
The Last Laugh by William Andrews for
Mr Jones Watches at Dezeen Watch Store
Dezeen Watch Store: the latest design from Mr Jones watches, which tells the time through numbers on the teeth of a skull, is now available at Dezeen Watch Store. »
Mercury by Ziiiro available in new colours
at Dezeen Watch Store
Dezeen Watch Store: the Mercury watch by Hong Kong brand Ziiiro is now available in new colours at Dezeen Watch Store. »
Dezeen Watch Store pop-up extended to 16 July
We have extended the opening period of our Dezeen Watch Store pop-up at 55 Neal Street in London by an extra week, due to strong demand. The store will now remain open until Saturday 16 July.
Full details of the store, described by the Evening Standard as "beautifully designed", can be found in our earlier story.
New 202 Series by Uniform Wares
at Dezeen Watch Store
>>IMAGE »
VOID V02 brushed stainless steel
at Dezeen Watch Store
Dezeen Watch Store: the VOID V02 watch by Hong Kong designer David Ericsson is back in stock in brushed stainless steel at Dezeen Watch Store. More »
<|endofexample|>
Technology makes smart travel simple
Media release from the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade
5 November 2012
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) has launched an iPhone App and Facebook page as the latest additions to the Australian Government's Smartraveller consular campaign.
The new initiatives aim to make smarter travel easier for increasingly tech-savvy and mobile Australian travellers.
The iPhone app, which puts Australia at the leading edge of consular services around the world, provides location-aware travel advice overseas, the ability to register travel plans easily, and access to Smartraveller advice without the need for an internet connection.
The Smartraveller Facebook page is a new space for travellers to interact with travel advice, view consular videos and other Smartraveller content, and share their views with other travellers on key travel advice developments around the globe.
Ms Paula Ganly, DFAT's Assistant Secretary for Consular Policy, said these new initiatives recognise it's vital that consular services are as effective and accessible to as many Australians as possible.
"We are working hard to adapt to the changing needs of travelling Australians," Ms Ganly said.
"These new initiatives make it easier for travellers to access Smartraveller services from anywhere in the world."
Smartraveller encourages travellers to be prepared before they head off for their summer holidays, by registering their travel plans, reading and subscribing to travel advice and alerts, and taking out appropriate insurance before leaving the country.
For more information about Smartraveller and DFAT's consular role, please visit.
<|endofexample|>
Mr Michael L'Estrange, Secretary
Address to the National Press Club, Canberra, 27 September 2006
Responding to Twenty-First Century Challenges: DFAT in a Changing World
• Australian foreign and trade policy reflects Australia's interests and values as well as our history and our geography
• Today, I would like to focus on how these influences relate to the current priorities of Australian foreign and trade policy
• And I would also like to address some remarks to the modern capabilities in the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade which help to advance the interests and aspirations that underpin Australian foreign and trade policy
– those interests and aspirations are defined by the government of the day
– they give the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, or DFAT to give it is everyday title, its points of reference and its benchmarks for effectiveness; their development and implementation are the focus of our policy advice; and their purposes are a key determinant in the allocation of our resources.
A Modern Organisation To Meet Modern Challenges
• Earlier this year, on 2 February to be precise as I signed and dated my first papers for the day, I suddenly realised I was older than I felt
– that was because it dawned on me that it was 25 years to the day since I joined the Australian Public Service, as a graduate recruit in the International Division of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet
• The Australian Public Service I joined at that time was very different to the one that exists today
– and the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade is a very different organisation as well
• Today, whole-of-government realities and modernised management practices have fundamentally changed the way that the Australian Public Service operates
– and DFAT has been at the cutting edge of these changes
– that is because DFAT is so intricately involved in the wide-ranging policy implications of increasing globalisation and because across so many areas of national policy - from security issues to national economic competitiveness to many others - the interaction between domestic and international considerations is more active and porous than ever before.
• In response to these new realities, DFAT has adapted and modernised its structures, its work practices and its resource allocation in ways which, I believe, make it extremely well equipped to meet its responsibilities.
• DFAT today is a flexible organisation operating in a complex international environment
– our Australia-based staff number just over 2000 officers of whom around a quarter are posted overseas at any one time
– those postings include 87 Embassies, High Commissions, Consulates and Multilateral Missions in 74 States
– the Department now operates in 61 different currencies
– and on an annual basis around 11% of our Australia-based officers are rotated to overseas assignments.
• In all the areas of their responsibilities, whether it be diplomatic and security issues, or the welfare of Australians overseas, or opportunities for Australian exports and investment, or international policy benchmarking generally, DFAT officers in Australia and overseas require a more diverse set of skills than ever before
– so, in our recruitment and training strategies, our purpose - and I believe our achievement - is to develop DFAT officers with modern diplomatic skills, not of an effete or arcane kind but of a practical, hard-nosed and outcomes-oriented kind focused on policy issues of highest relevance to Australia and with particular skills in areas such as international security, regional relationships, international law, trade and economics, financial administration, client services and project management
: this means having DFAT officers with informed good judgement, policy and analytical depth, carefully focused activism and high quality advocacy skills
: and it means having officers with personal qualities to support Australians in times of emergency or grief and to cope themselves with the pressures that they and their families are under on a regular basis in many parts of the world.
• I believe that DFAT as an organisation and DFAT's officers themselves are meeting these many challenges with appropriately high standards of skill, professionalism and commitment
• The modern capabilities of DFAT need to take account of the fact that the demands that our portfolio generates are often unpredictable and call for immediate response
– for example, in the year that ended in June this year, DFAT activated crisis contingency plans following the London bombings in July 2005, the Bali bombings in October 2005, and the civil unrest in the Solomon Islands and East Timor in April/May this year
: and we sent specialist consular teams twelve times to assist with consular crises overseas.
• The recent Lebanon crisis highlighted the modern need for flexibility within DFAT as an organisation
– DFAT led a multi-agency operation which included Defence, DIMA, Centrelink and others
– that operation oversaw the evacuation of around 5,200 Australians and 1,200 other foreign nationals from a war zone located 15,000 kilometres from Australia
: it was an operation that also successfully brought over 4,600 Australians home by air immediately after their evacuation from Lebanon
– in managing the DFAT resources to support this consular emergency, flexibility was the key in relation to both our Australia-based and overseas-based staff
: we deployed 92 additional officers to support the work of our missions in Beirut, Nicosia, Ankara, Amman and Tel Aviv
: while 357 Canberra-based DFAT staff drawn from many areas of the Department worked on crisis management during the Lebanon emergency through the 24-hour crisis centre, the logistics co-ordination centre and the consular operations centre.
Advancing Policy Priorities
• The capabilities within DFAT to which I have referred are directed to meeting the policy challenges we face in a modern, dynamic and effective way.
• At the core of that policy challenge lies the diversity of Australia's international engagements, with clear priorities in the Asia-Pacific region and with broader interests that are global
• Australia is pursuing both its regional engagements and its wider global interests in the context of an international environment that has fundamentally changed
• Overlaying some of the familiar historical patterns of strategic competition between states that remain clearly apparent around the world there are two new realities that have transformed the international environment and the pursuit of Australian interests in it.
• The first is the reality of global terrorism
– a reality highlighted in the terrorist attacks in the United States on 11 September 2001 and in other attacks that have followed in Indonesia, Turkey, Spain, Britain, Egypt, Jordan and elsewhere
– the reality of modern terrorism poses a qualitatively new challenge to international security and constitutes a new kind of extremist threat
: one that is global in its reach, utterly ruthless in its intent, indiscriminate in its targeting, rigidly ideological in its perversion of religion and its rejection of pluralism, democracy and tolerance, committed to inflicting as much loss of life and dislocation as possible, and constrained only by its access to weapons with maximum destructive effect.
• The second transforming influence on the international environment is the reality of economic globalisation, that process of market-driven interaction and integration between economies which is being driven by the unprecedented movement of goods, services, capital and people across borders and by the ongoing revolution in innovation and commercialisation.
• There is, in my view, no alternative framework of ideas or action which provides any comparable record of practical gains to that of globalisation in generating higher levels of economic growth and in alleviating global poverty
– more countries are participating in the global economy than ever before and hundreds of millions of people in developed and developing economies alike have benefited as a result
– all of the world's great and emerging powers, including India and China, are committed to the market-led dynamic underpinning modern economic globalisation. They are beneficiaries of globalisation as well as important drivers of it.
• The forces accelerating globalisation bring with them challenges as well as benefits
– challenges such as the illegal movement of people, finance, weapons and drugs
– challenges such as the grievances of states which have not, for various reasons, had access to the full benefits of globalisation; and
– challenges such as the accentuated threats posed by pandemics and environmental issues.
• These are substantive challenges that demand practical and sustained responses
– they demand effective international co-operation to stem illegal movements across borders
: they require dismantling the international trade barriers that prevent developing countries making progress down the path of export-led growth
: and they require effective, targeted development assistance programs which promote economic growth, improve governance and address the real needs of people.
• One of the great challenges currently facing the international community is the erosion of capacity among particular states which creates weakness and vulnerability, and potentially makes such states failing or failed ones.
• There are those who argue that this erosion of state capacity to deliver security or economic opportunity is somehow a direct consequence of globalisation, and in particular of some states being unable to access its full benefits.
• This proposition is, in my view, fundamentally flawed
– failed and rogue states are not the inevitable consequence of globalisation
– they are a consequence of ineffective and often corrupt governance, or a self-defeating economic introversion, or a dependency culture, or perceived grievances against modernity, or extremist ideologies, or some combination of these influences.
Complementarity between Australia's Global and Regional Interests
• The transforming impact of global terrorism and economic globalisation on the international system has had the effect of significantly increasing the complementarity between Australia's global interests and our regional ones
– just as there are interlocking regional and global networks of economic interaction, so too there are interlocking regional and global networks of terrorism, weapons proliferation and extremist ideologies.
• Australian foreign policy has always engaged elements of both regional and global interests
– but the interaction between them is now closer than it has ever been
– and that reality is clearly reflected in DFAT's pursuit of the priorities of Australian foreign and trade policy.
• One such priority is focused on counter-terrorism - and in this context the work of DFAT is directed at developing capabilities within and between governments as well as communities to deter terrorist attacks and to strengthen the mainstream consensus in order to further erode, and eventually eliminate, the appeal of violent extremism
• Terrorism clearly has both global connections and regional manifestations
– and Australia's counter-terrorist strategies address both these realities
: globally, Australia is doing so through on-the-ground commitments to countering terrorist challenges in places such as Iraq and Afghanistan as well as through activist Australian involvement in multilateral diplomacy to address terrorist threats and their bases of support
: and regionally, Australian counter-terrorism priorities are focused very effectively on co-operation with countries from India across South-East Asia to Fiji on issues such as border management, transport security, transnational crime, people smuggling, money laundering and promoting interfaith dialogue, pluralism and tolerance.
• Another key priority for the Department relates to countering the proliferation of weapons which undermines both global and regional security.
• Australia's counter-proliferation strategies again address both these dimensions
– globally, we do so working with others in the international community to meet the challenge posed by the nuclear brinkmanship of Iran and North Korea and through promoting arms limitation agreements and effective export controls
– and regionally, Australian counter-proliferation policy enhances co-operative arrangements to inhibit international trafficking in illegal weapon technologies and to limit the proliferation of small weapons in particular.
• DFAT is also intently focused on Australia's developing relationships with the great and emerging powers of the Asia-Pacific region, and in particular with the United States, Japan, China and India
– these relationships clearly embrace global as well as regional dimensions.
• We have important but different relationships with each of these countries
– we have a strong, close and expanding alliance relationship of critical significance with the United States: an alliance, as the Prime Minister said yesterday, of interests as well as values
– we have a broadening scope of very significant security and economic cooperation with Japan reflecting Japan's own changing view of its role in the world
– we have an important and fast-developing relationship with China which we are keen to advance in an ambitious and clear-eyed way
: ambitious in terms of the important and expanding interests which Australia and China share in areas such as bilateral trade and investment, regional security dialogue and regional institutions,
: and clear-eyed in terms of the different priorities we have on particular issues as a result of different histories, different processes and different values
– and we also have significant new and expanding associations of common interest with India across a range of important bilateral, regional and global economic and security issues.
• Australia's interests in these key relationships with the United States, China, Japan and India are importantly affected by the changing character of the relationships between each of them - and particularly between the United States and China, Japan and China and the United States and India.
• But Australia's relationships with these major powers of the Asia-Pacific region are not the product of zero sum considerations
– in fact, the opposite is the case
– for example, over recent years, in a period when Australia's alliance relationship with the United States has never been closer or stronger, our engagement with the countries of the Asia-Pacific region and with the region's institutions has never been more intensive or productive.
• Another priority issue for DFAT which again engages both regional and global dimensions relates to the pursuit of Australian trade policy interests in the liberalisation of trade and investment flows
– globally we pursue this liberalisation objective through the processes of the World Trade Organisation and, in particular, the negotiations in the Doha Round
– regionally we pursue it through trade facilitation and through addressing structural 'behind the borders' impediments to freer trade and investment flows, and
– bilaterally we work to advance Australian interests through particular liberalising initiatives such as free trade agreements and other facilitating arrangements.
• As a Department, we are also clearly focused on a range of other vitally important international issues where Australian interests engage both global and regional dimensions. Those issues include:
– the alleviation of global poverty and the role of aid, debt relief and liberalised trade access in delivering the most effective outcomes
– the challenges posed to the international community by weak, vulnerable, failing and failed states
– responses to climate change, and
– contingency planning in relation to avian flu and the spread of HIV/AIDS.
• The Australian Government's responsibilities in relation to the safety and welfare of Australians overseas constitute another priority for DFAT which directly engages global and regional dimensions
– these consular responsibilities are not defined by geography
– they are as relevant in our region as they are beyond it
– our support services to Australians overseas continue to increase
: with DFAT in the year to June this year providing assistance in just under 16,000 substantial consular cases involving Australians overseas and responding to many minor ones as well
: with our regularly updated travel advisories now covering 152 destinations
: and with the Department issuing over 1.2 million passports to eligible Australians in 2005-06.
Regional Engagement
• The interaction between global and regional issues in Australian foreign and trade policy is more intense than ever before but it is not symmetrical
– Australia pursues a wide range of important bilateral and institutional interests in the Asia-Pacific region not because they are reflections of broader global trends but because of their significance in their own right.
• Australia's bilateral relationships throughout South-East Asia are more diverse, realistic and productive than they have ever been
– this is reflected across the board
– it is reflected in trade and investment
– it is reflected in the important free trade agreements which Australia has negotiated with the United States, Singapore and Thailand, the further FTAs we are negotiating with China, Malaysia and ASEAN, and in the negotiations on an FTA that we hope can commence with Japan in the near future
– it is reflected in the extensive bilateral and regional cooperation on counter-terrorism, on counter-proliferation and on issues such as maritime security
– it is reflected in the clear focus of Australia's development assistance programs on the Asia-Pacific region
– and it is also reflected in people-to-people contact where Australian linkages in South-East Asia are more extensive and expansive than ever as a result of tourism, employment, education and the diverse connections established between national and community organisations.
• These dimensions of Australia's engagement in South-East Asia are clearly highlighted in Australia's relationship with Indonesia, the world's largest Muslim majority country and the world's third largest democracy.
– commercial links have been further strengthened by the agreement in 2005 between both governments to establish a Trade and Investment Framework agreement
– our shared security interests are the focus of the ongoing negotiations on a framework agreement for security co-operation
– the extensive and highly effective bilateral co-operation on counter-terrorism, is reflected at various levels of agency interaction as well as in the Bali Process on People Smuggling and the Regional Interfaith Dialogue
– the Australia Indonesia Partnership for Reconstruction and Development that was established after the 2004 tsunami has contributed significantly to helping re-build communities, promote economic growth and develop new ties of association and friendship between the people of both countries
– and there is a highly productive co-operation between Australia and Indonesia in regional institutions such as APEC, the East Asia Summit and the ASEAN Regional Forum.
• Our shared interests with Indonesia are, therefore, strong and growing
• Clearly there are some issues on which Australian and Indonesian perspectives differ
– that reality reflects the fact that each country has its own traditions, its own values, its own priorities and its own challenges
– our differences need to be recognised but managed in the context of the broad and expanding common ground we share
– they also need to be managed in the context of a modern bilateral relationship in which the capacity to achieve good outcomes to the mutual benefit of both countries has never been greater.
• The Pacific region presents a range of different but also critically important challenges for Australian policy
– the key challenge is to work in co-operation with Pacific Island governments and with the institutions of the region to enhance good governance, sustainable development and economic growth
– this entails a focus on law and order, humanitarian assistance and effective governance mechanisms
– it also entails addressing the challenges of structural development, the impact of transnational crime and the enhancement of strong, accountable national institutions.
• In the pursuit of these priorities, development assistance in its broad dimension is a necessary but, in its own right, not a sufficient condition for good governance, sustainable development and economic growth
– an indispensable additional element is that regional states need to assume responsibility themselves for addressing the root causes of the challenges they face
– Australia's development assistance programs and the work of Australian officials on the ground in the Pacific - including our police, our defence force personnel, our diplomats, our aid workers and our other officials working in line positions - are clearly directed to this objective
– this is especially the case in those countries, such as the Solomon Islands, East Timor and Papua New Guinea where Australian development assistance and other resources are allocated in a particularly intensive way to advance mutually agreed objectives.
• In addition to our bilateral relationships, another critical dimension of Australia's regional engagement concerns our involvement in regional institutions
– from Australia's perspective, the pre-eminent regional institution, by virtue of its membership and mandate, is APEC
: Australia hosts APEC next year with the Leaders meeting in Sydney in September and a series of Ministerial meetings around Australia leading up to it
: this will be a vitally important process for APEC's future following on this year's meeting in November in Vietnam
: and its scope will include important dimensions of APEC's future work program including trade facilitation, structural reforms, human security issues, regional contingency planning and other priorities.
• While APEC constitutes a pre-eminent focus for Australia's regional institutional engagement, there are other established and emerging forums to enhance regional co-operation
– these include the East Asia Summit processes and the ASEAN Regional Forum, in both of which Australia is an active participant
– there is also the ASEAN Plus Three process (including China, Japan and South Korea)
– in the Pacific, there is the Pacific Islands Forum
– and a range of other formal and informal associations of interest throughout the Asia-Pacific region.
• The challenge of this diversifying structure of regional institutional architecture is to encourage the minimisation of unnecessary duplication and the development of constructive and complementary dimensions of regional responses to regional challenges.
Conclusion
• The final point I wish to make today relates to values and foreign policy.
• In the context of modern global terrorism and the accelerating globalisation to which I have referred today, I believe that the values which underpin Australian foreign and trade policy are particularly well suited to the challenges of the times
– in promoting priorities such as good governance, transparency, accountability, democratic freedoms, the rule of law, economic openness, market competitiveness and practical support to enhance the capacity of states to benefit from economic globalisation, Australia is not only being true to the values it believes in itself and we are not only effectively pursuing our own prospects in an increasingly competitive international environment
: we are doing more than that
: by encouraging and actively helping other states to do the same, we are also advancing our wider interests and responsibilities in promoting stability, in supporting economic development and in countering extremism in our own region and in the wider world as well.
<|endofexample|>
Consumer Alert:
American Cash Services USA
aka American Unlimited Cash USA
aka USA Unlimited
aka American Legal Services
and possibly other aliases with the initials ACS
Possible Payday Loan Collection Scam
February 22, 2011. is tied to various telephone numbers, including 315-507-8391, 607-595-1838, and 714-929-7223. Calls to these telephone numbers either result in a message indicating that the respondent is not available, or that the number is disconnected.
American Cash Services USA aka American Unlimited Cash USA aka USA Unlimited is not licensed by the Department of Financial Institutions as a payday lender or check casher or seller in Washington State.
American Cash Services USA aka American Unlimited Cash USA aka USA Unlimited
<|endofexample|>
You may also find answers in Frequently Asked Questions . Still Have questions? Please Contact Us
You have clicked "Join" to become a Hyatt Gold Passport member. Enrollment is free and you will start enjoying the benefits of membership on your very first stay. To join, you must provide information in the fields marked with an asterisk. Your username and password must be 6 to 35 characters long and can contain letters and/or numbers, but not special characters such as @#$%^&*:;/.
We require that you provide either a business or home address. You may also enter your area code and telephone number. Please note that the country code will automatically correspond to the country you have selected in your address. All countries in North America share 1 as a country code. At all times, Hyatt Hotels and Resorts keeps your personal information securely confidential. Please see our Privacy Policy for more details.
Since you have a previous My Hyatt on-line account, your personal information has been automatically entered into the Hyatt Gold Passport enrollment form. Please add any outstanding information. Usernames and passwords are now required to be 6 to 35 characters long and can contain letters and/or numbers, but not special characters such as @#$%^&*: Therefore, you may be requested to choose a new username and password..
If you joined Hyatt Gold Passport offline (in a hotel, through our customer service center, a worldwide reservation center, etc.), you are earning points for each of your eligible visits. In order to view those points online and your overall account activity including any upcoming reservations, profile information and more, you’ll need to activate your online account.
<|endofexample|>
This is a syndicated post from CNA Daily News. [Read the original article...]
Rome, Italy, Mar 11, 2013 / 02:02 pm (CNA/EWTN News).- In a homily at his Roman parish on Sunday, Cardinal Marc Ouellet encouraged forgiveness and reconciliation, especially through the sacrament of confession.
“The cardinals that will now participate in the conclave will have the opportunity, and will all be invited to confess their sins, so as to choose with purity of heart,” the Quebec native said March 10.
Cardinal Oullet, who formerly served as head of the Vatican's Congregation for Bishops, noted that during the conclave the cardinal electors will be able “not only to confess their sins, but also to offer forgiveness.”
Since cardinals are part of the clergy of Rome, each is given a titular parish for which they are responsible to support and care. Many cardinals said Mass at their parishes to “pray with God's people at this historical time for the Church.”
Santa Maria in Traspontina is Cardinal Ouellet's titular parish, and is located on the Via della Conciliazione, which leads into Saint Peter's Square.
“After His Holiness Benedict XVI’s resignation from his Petrine post, we are all trying to understand God’s will for his Church,” the cardinal reflected.
“Personally, knowing how Pope Benedict meditated a long time and profoundly on his decision, I cannot doubt that he did it following God’s will and for the good of the Church.”
Cardinal Ouellet discussed the Gospel reading of the prodigal son and its message of forgiveness and reconciliation.
“To live reconciliation during Lent, we must offer forgiveness to those who have offended us at home, in the family, at work, or in other circumstances.”
He recalled the example of John Paul II, who visited his would-be assassin to offer him forgiveness, and that of Benedict XVI, who forgave Paolo Gabriele, his own butler who betrayed him.
“Let us rejoice in this good news” of reconciliation, preached the cardinal, which “we should carry to the world and share with all who don’t know Jesus Christ, the treasure of our hearts, the reason for our Church’s existence.”
Going to Mass, he said, is a return to God's love, which we in turn “share with others” as we “offer the forgiveness that we aren’t capable of giving with our own strength.”
Cardinal Ouellet turned to the upcoming conclave, which will begin tomorrow.
“Let us pray together that the Holy Spirit indicates to the Church and the College of Cardinals, him who has been chosen by God, and whom they should indicate by their votes.”
On March 12, at 10 a.m., the cardinals will celebrate a Mass “for the election of a Roman Pontiff,” and at 5 p.m. they will have gathered in the Sistine Chapel. They will then take oaths not to divulge any thing about the proceedings and to vote their conscience before God, and the conclave will begin.
Cardinal Ouellet finished his homily by exhorting prayer for the conclave and the Pope whom it will elect.
“Having faith that the Holy Spirit is guiding the Church to eternal life, let us pray that the cardinals make a good decision.”
“But let us all prepare to receive the new pastor in faith as the one who God has chosen and who will carry Jesus’ mystery – the only savior of the world, the joy of our hearts, our life and our hope.”
(84)
Incoming search terms:
- who heads the catholic during the conclave
<|endofexample|>
Services, Gwen MeesterGwen Meester, 43, of Ellsworth, died Tuesday, Feb. 12, 2013, at her home.
By: Daily Globe, Worthington Daily Globe
Gwen Meester, 43, of Ellsworth, died Tuesday, Feb. 12, 2013, at her home.
Visitation will be from 2 to 8 p.m. Thursday, with the family present from 5 to 8 p.m., at Jurrens Funeral Home, Rock Rapids, Iowa.
The service will be 10:30 a.m. Friday at Bethel Reformed Church, Little Rock, Iowa, with the Rev. Matt Miller officiating. Burial will be in Bethel Reformed Cemetery, Little Rock.
Tags: obituaries, services, meester.
<|endofexample|>
Greetings
Does anyone know if the Buddha give any adivce on how to overcome desire for alcohol (and other substances)?
Ive had trouble with drink and drugs in the past and was wondering if there is any kind of meditation or recollection that helps with overcoming desire for them, since i still get very strong cravings for them that still effects me from time to time that doesnt seem to go away
Im aware of the numerous discourses that stress the draw backs of sensual pleasure but is there any kind of direct contemplation? or are there even modern teachings that deal with it?
Metta
<|endofexample|>
Huseng wrote:Nemo wrote:As Asia regains financial dominance exports of Buddhism should shrink in North America and Europe. Look at the explosion of Dharma in Taiwan, Hong Kong and the rest of Asia. High Lamas love money and it can now be found much closer to home. They won't come here as often. Some will not even bother to learn English. We were important because Tibetan refugees needed money and a safe place to live. It may be me but the new generation is not as great as the last one that is passing away with all it's great Masters.
Immigration will also slow and even start to reverse. Much of the surge was from Buddhist immigrants. That is probably over for good. I even consider going to Asia for better career opportunities.
While it appears there is an "explosion" of Buddhism in some places, it remains to be seen if it is long-term or not. For example, in Taiwan Buddhism is generally thriving, but whether the younger generation takes as serious an interest in it as their parents did remains uncertain. The assumption is that after a bit of life experience they'll feel attracted to the community support and practice that Buddhism offers.
I recommend immigration to Asia. I have a much higher standard of living here than I did back home in Canada. In Canada without a car you are socially and economically handicapped. Here public transport is clean, efficient and full of normal people (not full of crazies). Cost of living is a lot lower. A lot more opportunities for meeting Buddhist teachers. Doesn't get to -40'c during the winter. You can eat mango, watermelon and guava everyday for cheap.
But it's not easy to immigrate to Taiwan. For one thing their web site in DC is not really understandable. It is possible to immigrate to Taiwan as a student though as has been discussed here.
Kirt
<|endofexample|>
2/21/2013
Warming centers are available in state facilities across Illinois to help Illinois residents. To complement the state effort, mayors statewide have been asked to provide local warming centers in their communities.
Warming center hours vary by location and are limited to each facilities' regular business hours. Except for Tollway Oases, warming centers do not offer food, drinks or other amenities.
State Warming Centers may be found at:
<|endofexample|>
The Alaska Comprehensive Cancer Partnership (ACCP) is a diverse group of individuals and organizations representing many key stakeholders in cancer prevention, control and treatment.
Vision: A Cancer Free Alaska
Mission: Working Together for a Cancer Free Alaska
Goals
A unified front is more powerful.
Comprehensive Cancer Control offers the power of collaboration to what otherwise might be a lonely fight. The result is a network of groups that speaks with one voice about reducing cancer risk, detecting cancers earlier, improving access to quality cancer treatment, and improving quality of life for cancer survivors.
Working together is more efficient.
By putting Comprehensive Cancer Control plans into action, coalitions prevent overlap and direct resources to where they matter most in every state, and in many tribes.
Collective action creates new allies.
People from all corners of the cancer community gain new allies by participating in Comprehensive Cancer Control. This allows them to pool resources, share expertise, and find new insight into better ways to get the job done.
Coalitions can tackle cross-cutting issues.
A united front against cancer can tackle major issues-like better access to quality care, survivorship, health disparities, and quality of life–that are too broad and cross-cutting for any one organization to confront alone.
The organizational structure of the Partnership includes a Steering Committee, three workgroups in the areas of prevention, early detection and treatment, and four standing committees and two taskforces. The workgroups are responsible for activities that address priority strategies within the Alaska Comprehensive Control Plan. The Standing Committees are responsible for the operational activities of the partnership in the areas of membership; data review and evaluation; policy; and review of cancer disparities. The two task forces include nominations and a joint Alaska Native Health System and State Colorectal Cancer (CRC) Task Force with the purpose of increasing CRC screening statewide.
The Partnership has a set of bylaws to provide structure for its operation. Members are asked to demonstrate their commitment to the Partnership by completing and submitting and Membership Application and Member Profile.
Please contact:Julia Thorsness
Program Coordinator
Comprehensive Cancer Control Program
State of Alaska, DPH, Section of CDP&HP
3601 C Street, Suite 722
Anchorage AK 99503
Phone: (907) 269-8092
<|endofexample|>
For the past two weeks, I’ve written about super fruits—exotic, unfamiliar fruits that contain higher levels of antioxidants than your “run of the mill,” everyday fruits, such as apples and oranges. However, many claims about the health benefits of super fruits have yet to be proven. And we shouldn’t overlook the garden-variety (literally) fruits and vegetables that brighten up the produce aisles in our local grocery stores.
You may remember the campaign to get Americans to eat more fruits and vegetables that started years ago called the “5 A Day for Better Health” program. This program began in 1991 and was formed by a collaboration between the National Cancer Institute and the Produce for Better Health Foundation. While this campaign hasn’t exactly gone away, the government is now trying another tactic, called “Fruits & Veggies—More Matters.” And, with September being Fruits & Veggies—More Matters Month, what better time to familiarize yourself with this campaign?
The More Matters program stems from the latest version of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, released in 2005. If you think it was tough trying to eat 5 servings of fruits and vegetables a day, brace yourself for this: we need to aim for between 4 and 13 servings, or 2–6 ½ cups, of produce every day! Of course, the amount that you need depends on your age, sex, and physical activity level. For example, if you need about 2,000 calories per day to reach or maintain a healthy weight, your goal is to eat at least 4 ½ cups of produce every day. Still sounds like an awful lot, doesn’t it?
Why the big push to eat more fruit and vegetables? Are apple orchard owners or vegetable farmers the driving force behind this? Well, they certainly have a vested interest, but the real reason is what we’ve learned over many years (at least 30) of population research. Nutrition scientists are pretty confident when they report that eating produce can help prevent heart disease, Type 2 diabetes, certain types of cancer, high blood pressure, stroke, obesity, diverticulosis, glaucoma, macular degeneration, and Alzheimer disease. Pretty impressive, especially since Americans seem to be plagued with most of these diseases or conditions.
My patients would often ask me if it’s better to eat vegetables than fruit. Or they’d tell me that they really disliked vegetables, so was it OK to just eat fruit? As with many things, the ideal is to eat a variety of both. Vegetables are lower in calories and carbohydrate, so for the weight-watching set, aiming for more servings from vegetables makes sense. Also, some new evidence shows that eating more vegetables, rather than fruits, may slow down the rate of cognitive decline. On the other hand, fruit has an awful lot to offer in terms of nutrition, and the naturally sweet flavor is more appealing to some people.
Well, the sweet flavor in pies and cakes is also appealing to some people. Does this mean we should eat a lot of pies and cakes? Most fruit makes my blood sugar skyrocket.Posted by gretchen | Sep 27, 2007 at 9:22 am
Hi Gretchen,
Yes, fruit is sweet, but is obviously more nutritious than cakes and pies - fruit is practically fat-free (and certainly doesn’t contain harmful trans or saturated fat). Plus, fruit is rich in vitamins, minerals, fiber and phytonutrients. Fruit does contain carbohydrate - moreso than most vegetables, so it does need to be counted in your meal plan. In general, a small fruit (the size of a tennis ball) contains about 15 grams of carb. However, to be more precise, it’s helpful to use a carb counting book to look up actual carb values of the kind of fruit you like to eat.Posted by acampbell | Oct 01, 2007 at 9:39 am
<|endofexample|>
.
I want to know about effect of self-management and self-efficacy in patient with DM type 2Posted by panisa | Apr 09, 2008 at 3:28 pm
What do you think of Detox foot patches> Thanks TedPosted by trestad7 | Apr 09, 2008 at 6:05 pm
Hi Panisa,Posted by David Spero RN | Apr 09, 2008 at 8:00 pm
That’s a big question. It’s what my books are about. Please visit my web site . Any issue of Diabetes Self-Management magazine will have good info also. Or you can e-mail me directly through the web site.
David
Hi, Ted,Posted by David Spero RN | Apr 10, 2008 at 12:53 pm
I hadn’t heard of these detox patches, so I asked my Traditional Chinese Medicine acupressure therapists about them.
They said that the patches can help certain conditions. Don’t expect huge benefits, but you might notice a general feeling better.
Your sugars might also improve, but don’t count on that.
I researched on the Web and think these patches are worth a try. Don’t stop your other medicines or self-management practices, though. Test your sugars to see if they’re changing with the patches.
Please let us know how this comes out.
David
I have Type 2 diabetes, blood sugars are under control now. in May 2006 had surgery for colon cancer. I began chemo in July 06 thru 14 Dec 06. I told oncongolist of tingling in hands and feet about the second month of chemo. She said can you button, Yes. She did not change. After getting over chemo and getting blood sugars under control. The neuropathy in elbows, hand, fingers, knees and feet at times is almost more than I can cope with. Have discussed with primary care. I have tried lyicra. Walking seems to help. Have recently gotten inserts and diabetic shoes orthodicts. Is there and effective form of water therapy that would help. Is walking the best ? I have seen a neurologist. He said no large nerves damaged just the small ones. Any help- would be appreciated.Posted by Shirley | Apr 16, 2008 at 6:30 pm
I have had great results using the Anodyne Light & have purchased a home unit. I am also having great sugar control on a yeast free diet. I have cut my insulin by 2/3 in three weeks time & running sugars of 78 to 110 on a regular basis after cutting my isulin that I was taking. 40 units Lantis twice per day & Novalog three times a day on sliding scale & still having some high numbers on that.Posted by Sam Spencer | Apr 16, 2008 at 6:36 pm
As a Type 2, with neuropathy I am continuing to look to improve the care of my feet. I was told about a foot bath (Ionic Detox Foot Bath System) that helps to remove toxins from the system and helps to relieve foot pain. Does anyone know if this is valid or beneficial?Posted by Colin Lennon | Jun 03, 2009 at 9:03 pm
What do you know about charcot fractures?Posted by Shirley Horner | Jul 28, 2010 at 2:05 pm
I have them in both feet and strugle with the pain from these fractures. I wear special supports inside my very expensive ahoes. I still can’t walk for any distance and as retireing because of all the difficulties I am having with my feet.
The ReBuilder has saved me from life in a wheelchair.
My neuropathy was so seveve I couldn’t walk anymore.
I won’t say that I am a completely fine and healthy man now–i do still have symptoms. But I am a darn sight better since finding the rebuilder!Posted by Ed C. | Jan 31, 2012 at 6:03 pm
<|endofexample|>
Ingredients:
1 can (ready to use) white buttercream frosting
1 package white cake mix
1 can (10 ounces) frozen, non-alcoholic, margarita mix, defrosted, undiluted
1 tablespoon lime zest
1/4 cup tequila (optional)
2 tablespoons triple sec liqueur (optional)
Instructions:
Preheat oven 350ºF (180ºC). Spray two 8-inch pans with vegetable pan spray.
Cake:
Follow cake mix package instructions for making cake in two 8-inch pans, but replace the water called for with Margarita mix. Add lime zest, and if desired, add tequila and triple sec. Divide batter into the two pans. Bake according to cake mix package directions. Cool on rack for 10 minutes; remove from pans and continue to cool. Frost when cake is completely cool.
Frosting:
Thin white frosting to spreading consistency. Spread on bottom layer, top with remaining layer. Finish frosting top and sides of cake. Garnish with lime twists and strawberries.
Makes 10-12 servings.
Source: Wilton Industries
Date: May 18, 2003
<|endofexample|>
Checkout is for items in your cart, it's not for your Autoship order.
Everything you've purchased from our family of sites.
Gift wrap available
Angel Dear Lamb Blankie — Pink
• Imported• 100% Polyester
Angel Dear)
100%
of respondents would recommend this to a friend.
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Reviewed by 3 customers
Sort by
Displaying reviews 1-3
Back to top
Lamb Blankie-Pink. Nice but...
By Gram
from Wantagh NY
About Me Grandparent
I wish the pink giraffe had not been discontinued.
Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
Comment on this review
We have one of each!! They are wonderfu
By Sweet girl loves her lovies
from Tri-Cities, TN
About Me First Time Parent
We received this as a gift and now own about 10! Our daughter sleeps with it and gets so excited when we pull it out. You can throw them in the washer and dryer and they are like new!!!
cute but not a "blanket"
By bcotter
from grosse pointe, mi
i bought this because i wanted something cute to personalize for my daughter. I wanted a personalized blanket i could use with her that she could have for years. I saw this and thought it was perfect, it was labeled a "blankie" so i thought "great a blanket" without checking the dimensions. This is like a comfort blankie, the item description says its a 14" square, really its like 12" but i wasn't expecting it to be so small. Still super cute though and its so soft i don't plan on returning it but just make sure you know this is not an actual blanket..
<|endofexample|>
I used a Layer Cake (stack of pre-cut 10" squares) for the bricks, which gave me lots of prints and colors to play with. The sashing is Kona charcoal. I did not do the quilting - it was done by Becky Heslop (hi Becky!). I gave her free-reign to do what she wanted, and love the outcome.
I especially love the simple way she quilted the chevron fabric on the borders - totally changes the look of the fabric. The binding is a red dot leftover from Freebird. I'm trying to only use the fabric I've already got on hand - even if it's something I was saving for another project. (gasp!) Because who knows if that project is ever really going to happen. It's time to use that stash.
Reunion fabrics are available at Fabricworm, Little Fabric Shop, and Burgundy Buttons. Pattern available in my pattern shop.
Linking to
love it....
looks wonderful and the colors really pop with the black....:)!! ;) xo Heather
Lovely quilt and fabrics.
xoxo,.
Best wishes! :)
<|endofexample|>
order by phone... 1-800-828-4548
order by item number...add items to my cart
Browse more:
Students will love the professional feel and results these brushes deliver. The hair is 100% hog bristle — an economical, high-performance hair, ideal for spreading medium to thick paints smoothly and evenly.
The natural wooden handles have a blue gloss finish, with seamless polished nickel-plated brass ferrules.
Set of 6 — This set includes sizes 0, 1, 2, 4, 6, and 8._8_9_3 has 12 skus...
Dick Blick Art Materials®, Blick®, Blick Studio®, and Artists Pick Blick® are registered trademarks of Dick Blick Holdings Inc.
<|endofexample|>
>>.
TheraSlim
TheraSlim is marketed as one thing: a natural starch-neutralizing agent.
TheraSlim is marketed toward the average person who has heard about all of the benefits of a low carb diet, but is unlikely to be able to follow it, at least not to a T. Does that sound like you? That sounds like most people!
But if you’re right on the edge (of being disciplined enough to get powerful results on your own) or if you need a little extra help to get the low carb dieting results that you simply can’t seem to get on your own, products like TheraSlim are designed to help you to block a certain part of your carb intake to lose weight more successfully.
Is TheraSlim Successful and Effective?
TheraSlim has just 2 ingredients, both of which are stimulant free, and most people don’t report side effects, allergies, or any other common problems. In fact, the fennel seed powder fiber in TheraSlim seems to be more effective at improving health in most users.
But the important part is the Phase 2 white kidney bean. Phase 2 is a patented form of the white kidney bean or phaseolus vulgaris, and as far as I know, it’s the only carb blocker recognized anywhere in the world, or at least in this market. It’s used in most major carb blockers, though there are a few that don’t even use ingredients that control blood sugar (and therefore cravings). But then, in this market, is that really surprising?
Phase 2 has a good record, and it seems to be pretty powerful. Phase 2 gets quite a few good reviews from consumers who have heard about the low carb dieting policy. And it is the only one that does in most cases. And while some products that have Phase 2 seem to attract bad ratings, in part because TheraSlim has higher doses of Phase 2 than most. Is there any reason not to use TheraSlim?
Is TheraSlim Safe?
I have yet to see any reports of side effects associated with TheraSlim. It seems to have both safe and effective ingredients, and it seems to even promote certain health benefits.
Conclusion
TheraSlim has ingredients that promote carb blocking and healthy fiber benefits at the same time, which can be a big problem with low carb diets. TheraSlim seems to have powerful and effective amounts of each ingredient, and so far, it seems to be one of the few so called carb blockers that actually works.?
Posted on January 13, 2013 at 2:09 am
<|endofexample|>
Digital Book World Conference: A Strong Author Platform Translates into Book Sales
[Press Release]
Digital Book World Conference: A Strong Author Platform Translates into Book Sales
Authors Launch offers key marketing strategies for the author and
guidelines for successful author-publisher partnerships
The traditional book promotion paradigm is shifting away from publicist-generated buzz for new title launches, to a year-round marketing partnership between author and publisher. In the new model, the author takes charge of building a strong personal brand and collaborates with his publisher to grow awareness, distribution and sales. Authors Launch, a new event presented by Publishers Launch Conferences and F+W Media arms published and aspiring authors with what need to know about building a promotional platform that supports and enhances their publishers’ marketing efforts. The one-day event takes place January 18, 2013, at the Hilton New York in New York City immediately following the fourth annual Digital Book World + Expo. Full details on Authors Launch can be found at conference.DigitalBookWorld.com.
Mike Shatzkin and Michael Cader of Publishers Launch Conferences have assembled an impressive roster of publishing house marketers to augment an all-star cast of consultants and service providers who will cover the topics every author needs to know:
- How to develop and manage an effective author brand
- What to do (and what not to do) before your book launch
- The power of social media and how to determine the best strategy from a dizzying array of platforms including Twitter, Facebook, blogs, Pinterest, and YouTube
- Finding your audience using audience-centric marketing and search engine optimization to drive your platform to the top Google search results pages
- Why you need a 365 day marketing strategy and how to measure the success of your efforts. Learn which metrics to track plus how to interpret and act upon them
- How to generate media buzz: when and how to hire a publicist, a primer on media training and how to further polish your public image
“This is a new era of book publicity and marketing. What used to be the sole province of the publishing house – finding a book’s market and letting it know a book they want is available – is now a shared responsibility to which the author can make a substantial, even a critical, contribution,” says Mike Shatzkin, founder of The Idea Logical Company and program director for Authors Launch. “This program details what the publisher can do best for the author and what the author can do best for herself. A successful partnership translates into awareness, and ultimately sales.”
A special conference package bundles the last day of the Digital Book World Conference with Authors Launch for one price. Thursday programming at Digital Book World includes sessions of specific interest to authors as well as publishers. Self-published Author Hugh Howey will present a case study of “WOOL,” his self-published sensation that started as a novella on the Kindle platform. In Straddling the Models: Authors Choosing to Both Self- and Traditionally Publish, literary agents Kristin Nelson, Steven Axelrod and Jay Mandel will discuss how an increasing number of established authors are simultaneously working with traditional publishers while also issuing some titles directly. And, in The Evolving Author-Publisher Relationship: How Publishers are Powering and Empowering Authors Today, Carolyn Pittis of HarperCollins and Peter McCarthy of McCarthy Digital, will share how author education and author services are coming together at many publishing houses. This session will address services such as author portals, and the new approaches publishers are taking to better equip authors to join the marketing effort.
More details may be found on Digital Book World, an F+W Media event, online at conference.DigitalBookWorld.com. Register by December 7 for early registration discounts. Special group rates are available for companies bringing 3 or more people to the event.
# # #
For information:
Gary Lynch, Group Publisher, F+W Media Design Community, Digital Book World
212-447-1400 x12102
gary.lynch@fwmedia.com
Samantha Stanford
Marketing Manager, Digital Book World
513.531.2690 ext. 11009
sam.stanford@fwmedia.com..
Prove it.
Your conference link doesn’t work.
<|endofexample|>
Sony Alpha NEX-6
Editor's Review the same high-resolution OLED viewfinder as the NEX-7, but uses Sony's 16 megapixel sensor rather than a 24 megapixel CMOS sensor. If you don't absolutely need that resolution, the NEX-6 includes a standard flash hotshoe, WiFi connectivity and accompanying apps, a top mode dial and on-sensor phase detection pixels (like the 5R) for even faster autofocus. Sony has removed one of the NEX-7's control dials as well as the touch screen, but NEX-6 users still have two control dials and can use the new collapsible 16-50mm power zoom. This new lens is a lot smaller than the old kit and brings the NEX lineup closer in size to the micro 4/3 cameras from Panasonic and Olympus. You'll be able to pick the NEX-6 up sometime in November for $1000 kit, $850 body only.
Store Ratings and Offer Details for the
Sony Alpha NEX-6
Specifications
- 16.1 megapixel APS-C CMOS sensor
- 1080/60p HD video recording with stereo sound
- 3-inch tilting LCD screen with 921,000 dots
- 100% electronic OLED viewfinder with 2.3 million dots
- Hybrid autofocus includes phase and contrast detection autofocus
- Wi-Fi sharing and downloadable camera apps
- RAW Capture
- Manual modes
- Lithium-ion battery
- Release Date: Nov 10, 2012
Sony Alpha NEX-6 Comments & Questions (write your own!)
<|endofexample|>
Canadian TV, Computing and Home Theatre Forums
>
Canadian Internet, Phone, TV and Wireless Service Providers
>
Shaw Communications
>
Shaw Cable HD tuner and HD PVR Discussion
> Pace 770D - recorded shows duplicating themselves
PDA
:
Pace 770D - recorded shows duplicating themselves
mugen
2010-05-01, 01:20 PM
anyone have issues with the Pace 770? so far the only thing that's been fixed was the blank recordings. the FF/RW issue still pops up. and the worst part was most the time recorded shows are being duplicated.
For example, I would set it to record the 5:00PM show and the 6:00 PM show. I hit List, then select the 5PM show. Plays fine. Now I'll select the 6PM show and what do you know? It's playing back the 5PM show (even though it's displaying the title for the 6PM show). this did not happen once. It happens multiple times since the firmware update. :mad:
So I just piggybacked a Philips DVR onto the Pace and using the Philips to record shows now. It can't record HD but it doesnt matter too much since it's mostly my parents using it to record the asian channels 180-182.
vBulletin® v3.8.6, Copyright ©2000-2013, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.
<|endofexample|>
The boyfriend of the late Amy Winehouse raped a female friend twice and asked to keep her underwear, a court has heard.
© PA Images / Lewis Whyld/PA Wire
Reg Traviss, who was dating Winehouse at the time of her death from alcohol poisoning in July 2011, is accused of sexually assaulting the woman at his Marylebone flat after a night of drinking on December 30 last year.
Prosecutor Katherine Lumsdon opened the case in Southwark Crown Court by saying that the defendant twice awoke to find Traviss having sex with her, and on one occasion told her: "I always wanted to do this to you."
Lumsdon stated: "She said she would not have consented to sex even if she had been conscious.
"She asked Reg to put her in a cab so that she could go home. He suggested she stay at his as it was closer. She was also aware that a black cab was unlikely to take her as she couldn't stand.
"She remembers him asking, 'Would you like to stay at mine?' She does not remember her reply, but assumes she said yes. That's the last thing she remembers before waking up in his bed because of an acute pain."
The prosecutor says Traviss stopped the first time the woman awoke, offered her more alcohol and continued "acting as if nothing had happened at all".
© PA Images / Yui Mok/PA Wire
© PA Images
The woman claims to have gone back to sleep and awoke to find Traviss having sex with her again, but "felt so tired and so weak that she passed out", the Daily Mail reports.
The court heard that the next day "she asked him where her knickers were and he said, 'I actually want to keep them', and she didn't press the matter as she just wanted to get home".
The complainant said that she could not "understand how somebody so nice and gentlemanly could do something like that", adding that Traviss had been "shattered and quite distressed" since Winehouse's death five months prior.
Traviss was arrested on April 5. The woman had been reluctant to report the alleged incident due to his status and, according to the prosecution, "thought it would be easier to forget about it".
Traviss claims that upon returning to his home, the woman lit candles and told him not to sleep on the sofa, but join her in the bed, where they had consensual sex.
He says they were equally as drunk and parted the next day with a "big cuddle and a kiss".
Traviss denies two counts of rape. The trial continues.
<|endofexample|>
Joining the Fox Sunday night 'Animation Domination' lineup this fall is Jonah Hill's latest comic creation Allen Gregory. The Superbad star's comedy follows the delusional, super-rich and pretentious 7-year-old title character, who is heading to public school for the first time.
Digital Spy joined a selection of journalists in interviewing Hill about his highly anticipated new show.
© Fox
What can you tell us about the character Allen Gregory?
"Allen Gregory's a fish out of water. He's going to public school for the first time with normal kids. He's a pretentious outsider and he's just trying to fit in. The character is going to be having some financial trouble because his family have spent all their money. You get to see the funny side of these people having jobs for the first time. All these spoilt rich people, making their way in the world for the first time."
Where did the inspiration come from?
"Allen Gregory came about because we wanted an animated show and we were just tossing around some ideas about me playing a 7-year-old. We thought that would be cool, because we couldn't do that in real life."
Are you excited about working on an ongoing TV project after a career in movies?
"That's really cool and exciting. With a film it's over with and done with. With a TV show it will be cool to see it grow and change over time. I don't know how Allen will change, I can't say that yet. We'll just see where the stories take him and see how it naturally grows. We don't have a full idea of that yet."
Will there be anything you won't laugh about in Allen Gregory? Are there any restrictions on the jokes?
"Taboo-wise, no, we don't shy away from anything on this show. But on a reality level, we won't allow it for a spaceship to land in the school. It is all reality-based. If it couldn't happen in real life, it won't. That being said, I have never heard of a 7-year-old boy having a relationship with a 75-year-old disgusting woman. But I guess it's different strokes for different folks."
What were your favourite cartoons growing up and what are your favourites now?
"The Simpsons, The Critic and South Park answer all those questions. Those are the ones that were really inspiring to me."
Who would be your dream guest star?
"Ooh, I don't know. Robert De Niro. He'd be the best Allen Gregory guest star."
Will Allen become a more likeable character as the show progresses?
"I think that the thing they'll love about him is that he has all this false bravado and condescension and arrogance, but it's all just covering up the fact that he's insecure. He just wants to be accepted by these people. That's my favourite type of character to watch. Someone who acts like they don't care about anything, but actually they care about everything more than anybody else."
Were you constantly aware of the comparisons to The Simpsons and Family Guy after being given a Sunday night slot?
"I think we paid absolutely no attention to that. Being unique and different to those two was really important. As opposed to trying to fit in with them. Having said that, I think people who do like those shows will like Allen Gregory, because it is irreverent and different. It is original as The Simpsons and Family Guy were and are. I don't think you want more of the same. That's why those shows are really successful, because there was nothing else out there like them."
How did you decide what Allen would look like?
"We wanted the whole show to feel like it was ripped from the New Yorker. We showed the animators Wes Anderson movies and Capote, because we wanted a classier type of animation. We wanted his awful attitude to be juxtaposed by the most adorable-looking kid aesthetically."
Will we hear more about where Gregory and his money came from?
"The great thing about Allen Gregory is that we try to make it really questionable that the things he says have happened, have really happened. We like that ambiguity."
What have the audience reactions been like at screenings for the show?
"Laughter. Thank God!"
How involved have you been in the day-to-day development of the programme?
"Everything from how a lamp looks to what colour someone's tie should be to the bigger stuff like the jokes, me and the team are involved all the way. We write the episodes, oversee the animation, it's a beautiful process. We read scripts at night, give notes, watch cuts, give notes and then rewrite. We do all that stuff from set. Oh my gosh, I loving it so much. It's unbelievable."
What have been the biggest challenges for you in making the show?
"The challenge is making a creative product within a big corporation. There is so much money and time in this and you have to fight to keep your show exactly how you pictured it. I've had lots of creative arguments and fighting, but the truth is that our relationship with Fox is great. It's scary for them to be pushing the envelope, just like it would be for anyone investing money in it. For me, it was just a case of doing it like this or not doing it at all."
Allen Gregory premieres on Sunday, October 30 at 8.30-9.00pm ET/PT on Fox
<|endofexample|>
Actor Tom Sizemore has been arrested on charges of domestic violence, it has been reported.
Rex Features
The 47-year-old was previously apprehended in May on an outstanding warrant charge. He served a 16-month jail term for crystal meth possession in 2007, which violated his probation from a separate 2004 criminal offense.
Law enforcement spokesperson Richard French said that the Saving Private Ryan star was taken into custody on Wednesday night in Los Angeles, but did not reveal details of the alleged incident, The AP reports.
Sizemore was convicted of a similar charge that involved his ex-girlfriend Heidi Fleiss in 2003.
His bail has been set at $20,000 (£12,000), while he remains incarcerated and could not be reached for comment on the matter.
<|endofexample|>
Johnny Depp has called Keith Richards a "god" ahead of the release of the third Pirates of the Caribbean, in which they both appear.
Depp, who stars as Jack Sparrow, explained to Rolling Stone magazine: "He was one of the people I admired for what he's done and how he's handled it. Forty-whatever years of being this god. And he's just cool."
The guitarist makes a short appearance as Sparrow's father, Captain Teague, in At World's End. Richards commented: "It was the right place at the right time with the right guys.
"Me, I'm just a musician. And if the people like my stuff, thank God. It pushes me on to do more. And I want to do more. That's something that you don't factor in when you start this game.".
<|endofexample|>
Galifianakis explained that Palin's seemingly overnight rise to national prominence in 2008 helped him with his portrayal of inexperienced candidate Marty Huggins.
© Rex Features
"There are several people that have been on the national stage that we borrowed from for sure," he told Reuters. "I think the most prevalent example is the Sarah Palin aspect where - and I don't blame Sarah Palin, I blame it on the human ego - when somebody chooses you to do something, you start believing."
The actor added: "If I got hand-picked to do something or was told I was really good at something, I would want to believe it because it sounds nice."
Galifianakis went on to joke that he actually does identify with Palin's rise to international fame.
"I've never thought I was qualified for anything. But the last couple of years people think I'm qualified to act in movies, so I'm running with it," he quipped.
Galifianakis's The Campaign co-star Will Ferrell recently revealed that he based his character's perfectly coiffed hairstyle on disgraced politician John Edwards.
The Campaign is now playing in the US and opens in UK cinemas on September 28.
Watch a trailer for The Campaign below:
<|endofexample|>
Joshua Harvey has said that Fatboy Slim has the right to go on DJing for as long as he likes.
© Rex Features
Working under his Hervé moniker, Harvey recently collaborated with Fatboy Slim on the Skint Records acid track 'Machines Can Do The Work'.
Speaking to DS, Harvey rejected the suggestion in a recent Evening Standard feature that "old-timer" Fatboy Slim was getting too old to DJ because twentysomethings in London were "dancing to a new beat".
"I just think it's a very narrowminded opinion of someone who shouldn't be expressing that opinion," he said. "Fatboy Slim is a musician and DJ who is respected worldwide.
"He broke America and you've got some guy in a London free newspaper telling him he's too old to DJ? It's laughable, absolutely laughable."
He added: "He still chooses all his own tunes, he still digs out records, he's still got a passion for dance music. His passion for music hasn't dimmed, be it making it or playing it. It's still there.
"It's ignorance trying to lump him with all these other people - he's one of the biggest selling dance artists ever. I think he has the right to DJ for as long as he likes.
"He gets massive bookings around the world because he entertains people and that's his job as a DJ."
As part of The Count & Sinden, Harvey this week released new single 'After Dark', which also features William Rees and Kai Fish of the Mystery Jets.
<|endofexample|>
Wyman told Give Me My Remote that the team behind the cult sci-fi drama have "a couple things cooking" for loyal viewers that will "show our appreciation in a very meaningful way".
© Fox
"We're basically doing the last few [episodes]," he explained. "We're really excited. And... we're trying to include a lot of things for the fans that are kind of cool post-Fringe.
"[We'll be] embedding certain things and trying to make it interesting and show a little love back. Fans have been so cool, making all these videos, doing all these mysterious things, and we thought, we can give them something too."
Wyman previously told Digital Spy that he monitors fan reaction to Fringe as new episodes air on Friday nights on Fox.
"I feel like when everything is working, the fans dictate to me that, yeah, they're feeling good about where the show is going," he said.
The final season of Fringe launches tonight at 10pm on Sky1 in the UK.
> Fringe exec on new JJ Abrams pilot: 'It's humanity vs technology'
Watch a clip from the next episode of Fringe below:
<|endofexample|>
Videos tagged 'Ustv'
« Previous page Next page »
More 'Vampire Diaries' from Katerina Graham, Candice Accola and Steven R McQueen
Stars chat 'Glee' season 3
Glee stars on dream cameos
Katerina Graham, Candice Accola and Steven R McQueen talk Vampire Dairies
Alcatraz's Butler Harner can't wait to work with Sam Neill
JJ Abrams on TV shows
Once Upon A Time writers on their fairytale series
Once Upon A Time's Snow White and Prince Charming talk fairytales
Santiago Cabrera: Alcatraz will appeal to 'Heroes' fans
Jim Beaver talks 'Supernatural' Season Seven
Jensen Ackles talks 'Supernatural' Season Seven
Glee's Harry Shum Jr and Jenna Ushkowitz talk season 3
Glee exec Falchuk: no spin-offs "for now".
Glee's Coach Beiste wants Schuester job-swap story
Glee's Darren Criss would "love to meet Blaine's father"
Jennifer Morrison: Once Upon A Time is like "watching Harry Potter every week!"
Jennifer Morrison would love 'House' return
Stephen Lang: 'Terra Nova' is "thrilling and scary"
'Terra Nova' producers: show "does not lack edge"
Comic-Con 2011: How to dress
'Body Of Proof' Clip feat. Dana Delany
<|endofexample|>
Today's interview is with the lovely Katie McGrath, who plays Merlin's nemesis Morgana. In our chat, Katie told us all about her character's new look, this year's guest actors and her desire to see Castle's Nathan Fillion play a "medieval, slave-trading pirate"!
> Merlin Angel Coulby interview: 'Expect some dark moments'
> Merlin: Ten teasers about the series four premiere
Merlin airs this Saturday at 7.50pm on BBC One. Keep an eye out tomorrow for a video chat with Colin Morgan (Merlin).
Watch Katie McGrath discuss the return of Merlin below:
<|endofexample|>
1975 Major League Baseball season > 1975 World Series
Cincinnati Reds postseason > 1975 World Series
Boston Red Sox postseason > 1975 World Series
World Series > 1975 World Series
Sections
Agriculture
Applied sciences
Arts
Belief
Business
Chronology
Culture
Education
Environment
Geography
Health
History
Humanities
Language
Law
Life
Mathematics
Nature
People
Politics
Science
Society
Technology
The 1975 World Series of Major League Baseball was played between the Boston Red Sox (AL) and Cincinnati Reds (NL). It has been ranked by ESPN as the second-greatest World Series ever played.[1] Cincinnati won the series four games to three.½ games over the Baltimore Orioles then defeated the three-time defending World Series champion Oakland A's, three games to none, in the American League Championship Series..
NL Cincinnati Reds (4) vs. AL Boston Red Sox (3)
†: postponed from October 18 due to rain
Saturday, October 11, 1975 at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts's first run on a single by Carl Yastrzemski. From then on in the seventh,.
Sunday, October 12, 1975 at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts.
Tuesday, October 14, 1975 at Riverfront Stadium in Cincinnati, Ohio.To close out the inning Will McEnaney would enter. popped out, but Joe Morgan knocked in Geronimo with the winning run by hitting a deep fly to center over a drawn in outfield.
Wednesday, October 15, 1975 at Riverfront Stadium in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Thursday, October 16, 1975 at Riverfront Stadium in Cincinnati, Oh.
Tuesday, October 21, 1975 at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts
This game would go down as one of the greatest games not only in World Series and post-season.[9] Both,.[10] left, and Foster gunned down Doyle, who tagged up and attempted to score. McEnaney then retired Petrocelli, ending the jam. Doyle would later admit Pesky's Pole in just. ).[11] The game was ranked Number 1 in MLB Network's 20 Greatest Games.[9]
Wednesday, October 22, 1975 at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts.)
SERIES STATS | REGULAR SEASON
Player G AB R H 2B 3B HR RBI BB SO BA OBP SLG SB | AB H HR BA OPS SB
+-------------------+-+---+--+--+--+--+--+---+--+--+-----+-----+-----+---+----+----+---+-----+-----+---+
Ed Armbrister 4 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 .000 .667 .000 0 | 65 12 0 .185 .454 3
Johnny Bench 7 29 5 6 2 0 1 4 2 4 .207 .258 .379 0 | 530 150 28 .283 .878 11
Jack Billingham 3 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 65 7 0 .108 .313 0
Pedro Borbón 3 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 24 7 0 .292 .625 0
Clay Carroll 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | 19 0 0 .000 .000 0
#Darrel Chaney 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 .000 .000 .000 0 | 160 35 2 .219 .574 3
Dave Concepción 7 28 3 5 1 0 1 4 0 1 .179 .200 .321 3 | 507 139 5 .274 .679 33
*Terry Crowley 2 2 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 .500 .500 .500 0 | 71 19 1 .268 .728 0
*Pat Darcy 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 .000 .000 .000 0 | 47 4 0 .085 .191 0
*Dan Driessen 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 210 59 7 .281 .814 10
Rawly Eastwick 5 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 15 1 0 .067 .133 0
George Foster 7 29 1 8 1 0 0 2 1 1 .276 .300 .310 1 | 463 139 23 .300 .875 2
*César Gerónimo 7 25 3 7 0 1 2 3 3 5 .280 .357 .600 0 | 501 129 6 .257 .690 13
*Ken Griffey 7 26 4 7 3 1 0 4 4 2 .269 .367 .462 2 | 463 141 4 .305 .793 16
Don Gullett 3 7 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 .286 .286 .286 0 | 62 14 0 .226 .520 0
*Will McEnaney 5 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1.000 1.000 1.000 0 | 14 0 0 .000 .000 0
*Joe Morgan 7 27 4 7 1 0 0 3 5 1 .259 .364 .296 2 | 498 163 17 .327 .974 67
Gary Nolan 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 68 12 0 .176 .474 0
#Fred Norman 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 60 7 0 .117 .292 0
Tony Pérez 7 28 4 5 0 0 3 7 3 9 .179 .258 .500 1 | 511 144 20 .282 .816 1
Merv Rettenmund 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 .000 .000 .000 0 | 188 45 2 .239 .669 5
#Pete Rose 7 27 3 10 1 1 0 2 5 1 .370 .485 .481 0 | 662 210 7 .317 .838 0
+-------------------+-+---+--+--+--+--+--+---+--+--+-----+-----+-----+---+----+----+---+-----+-----+---+
Total 7 244 29 59 9 3 7 29 25 30 .242 .315 .389 9 |5203 1430 124 .275 .753 168
* - bats left-handed, # - switch hits, ? - unknown, else - bats right-handed
A + before season totals indicates the player was with multiple teams this year.
SERIES STATS | REGULAR SEASON
Player G AB R H 2B 3B HR RBI BB SO BA OBP SLG SB | AB H HR BA OPS SB
+-------------------+-+---+--+--+--+--+--+---+--+--+-----+-----+-----+---+----+----+---+-----+-----+---+
Juan Beníquez 3 8 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 .125 .222 .125 0 | 254 74 2 .291 .760 7
Rick Burleson 7 24 1 7 1 0 0 2 4 2 .292 .393 .333 0 | 580 146 6 .252 .634 8
Jim Burton 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | 0 0 0 0
*Bernie Carbo 4 7 3 3 1 0 2 4 1 1 .429 .500 1.42 0 | 319 82 15 .257 .892 2
Reggie Cleveland 3 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 .000 .000 .000 0 | 0 0 0 0
*Cecil Cooper 5 19 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 .053 .050 .105 0 | 305 95 14 .311 .899 1
*Denny Doyle 7 30 3 8 1 1 0 0 2 1 .267 .312 .367 0 |+325 97 4 .298 .742 5
Dick Drago 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | 0 0 0 0
Dwight Evans 7 24 3 7 1 1 1 5 3 4 .292 .393 .542 0 | 412 113 13 .274 .809 3
Carlton Fisk 7 25 5 6 0 0 2 4 7 7 .240 .406 .480 0 | 263 87 10 .331 .923 4
Doug Griffin 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 287 69 1 .240 .560 2
*Bill Lee 2 6 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 3 .167 .167 .167 0 | 0 0 0 0
*Fred Lynn 7 25 3 7 1 0 1 5 3 5 .280 .345 .440 0 | 528 175 21 .331 .967 10
*Rick Miller 3 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 108 21 0 .194 .557 3
Bob Montgomery 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 195 44 2 .226 .559 1
#Roger Moret 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | 0 0 0 0
Rico Petrocelli 7 26 3 8 1 0 0 4 3 6 .308 .379 .346 0 | 402 96 7 .239 .644 0
Dick Pole 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | 0 0 0 0
Diego Seguí 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | 0 0 0 0
Luis Tiant 3 8 2 2 0 0 0 0 2 4 .250 .400 .250 0 | 1 0 0 .000 .000 0
Jim Willoughby 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | 0 0 0 0
Rick Wise 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 .000 .000 0 | 0 0 0 0
*Carl Yastrzemski 7 29 7 9 0 0 0 4 4 1 .310 .382 .310 0 | 543 146 14 .269 .776 8
+-------------------+-+---+--+--+--+--+--+---+--+--+-----+-----+-----+---+----+----+---+-----+-----+---+
Total 7 239 30 60 7 2 6 30 30 40 .251 .333 .372 0 |4522 1245 134 .275 .761 66
SERIES STATS | REGULAR SEASON
Player G ERA W-L SV CG IP H ER BB SO | W-L IP ERA WHIP SO SV
+-------------------+-+-----+---+--+--+----+--+--+--+---+------+----+-----+-----+---+--+
*Don Gullett 3 4.34 1-1 0 0 18.2 19 9 10 15 | 15-4 160 2.42 1.15 98
Jack Billingham 3 1.00 0-0 0 0 9.0 8 1 5 7 | 15-10 208 4.11 1.43 79
Rawly Eastwick 5 2.25 2-0 1 0 8.0 6 2 3 4 | 5-3 90 2.60 1.13 61 22
*Will McEnaney 5 2.70 0-0 1 0 6.2 3 2 2 5 | 5-2 91 2.47 1.26 48 15
Gary Nolan 2 6.00 0-0 0 0 6.0 6 4 1 2 | 15-9 211 3.16 1.10 74
Clay Carroll 5 3.18 1-0 0 0 5.2 4 2 2 3 | 7-5 96 2.62 1.30 44 7
Pat Darcy 2 4.50 0-1 0 0 4.0 3 2 2 1 | 11-5 131 3.58 1.48 46 1
*Fred Norman 2 9.00 0-1 0 0 4.0 8 4 3 2 | 12-4 188 3.73 1.31 119
Pedro Borbón 3 6.00 0-0 0 0 3.0 3 2 2 1 | 9-5 125 2.95 1.33 29 5
+-------------------+-+-----+---+--+--+----+--+--+--+---+------+----+-----+-----+---+--+
Total 3.88 4-3 2 0 65.0 60 28 30 40 | 94-47 1300 3.37 1.310 598 50
* - throws left-handed, ? - unknown, else - throws right-handed
A + before season totals indicates the player was with multiple teams this year.
SERIES STATS | REGULAR SEASON
Player G ERA W-L SV CG IP H ER BB SO | W-L IP ERA WHIP SO SV
+-------------------+-+-----+---+--+--+----+--+--+--+---+------+----+-----+-----+---+--+
Luis Tiant 3 3.60 2-0 0 2 25.0 25 10 8 12 | 18-14 260 4.02 1.28 142
*Bill Lee 2 3.14 0-0 0 0 14.1 12 5 3 7 | 17-9 260 3.95 1.32 78
Reggie Cleveland 3 6.75 0-1 0 0 6.2 7 5 3 5 | 13-9 171 4.43 1.32 78
Jim Willoughby 3 0.00 0-1 0 0 6.1 3 0 0 2 | 5-2 48 3.54 1.28 29 8
Rick Wise 2 8.44 1-0 0 0 5.1 6 5 2 2 | 19-12 255 3.95 1.31 141
Dick Drago 2 2.25 0-1 0 0 4.0 3 1 1 1 | 2-2 73 3.84 1.38 43 15
*Roger Moret 3 0.00 0-0 0 0 1.2 2 0 3 1 | 14-3 145 3.60 1.43 80 1
Diego Seguí 1 0.00 0-0 0 0 1.0 0 0 0 0 | 2-5 71 4.82 1.61 45 6
*Jim Burton 2 9.00 0-1 0 0 1.0 1 1 3 0 | 1-2 53 2.89 1.45 39 1
Dick Pole 1 inf 0-0 0 0 0.0 0 1 2 0 | 4-6 90 4.42 1.49 42
+-------------------+-+-----+---+--+--+----+--+--+--+---+------+----+-----+-----+---+--+
Total 3.86 3-4 0 2 65.1 59 28 25 30 | 95-64 1426 3.98 1.360 717 31
NBC broadcast the Series on television and radio, with Curt Gowdy and Joe Garagiola alternating play-by-play along with team announcers Dick Stockton and Ned Martin (Red Sox) and Marty Brennaman (Reds) and Tony Kubek doing color commentary..
1975 World Series, Game 6: Reds @ Red Sox
Cincinnati Reds 6 at Boston Red Sox 7, F/12 -- Home runs by rookie Fred Lynn, pinch-hitter Bernie Carbo and the Reds' George Foster made this back-and-forth ...
1975 World Series Games 6 And 7 Highlights And Commentary
All rights reserved by MLB. Just sharing with my friends.Cemmentary by Peter Gammons Boston Globe Reporter, Curt Gowdy, Rick Petricelli, Fred Lynn, Carlton F...
NBC Joe Garagiola Jack Buck Joe Morgan Jim Rice Henry Kissinger 1975 World Series Reds Red Sox
Here is something that no one has ever seen about this great World Series.... like Jack Buck waiting for the "live call".
1975 World Series Game 6
All rights to ESPN and MLB. Bernie Carbo and Carlton Fisk let the Red Sox breathe easy for at least one more night here in game 6.
"Boston Red Sox" Manager Goes Nuts In "1975 World Series" Game 3 In Cincinnati! Boston Red Sox Manager Darrell Johnson goes nuts after umpire Larry Barnett doesn't call interference on a play involving Carl...
1975 World Series Carlton Fisk homerun Game 6
Read more about Carlton Fisk and the 1975 World Series:.
1975 World Series closing credits
Originally aired Tuesday, October 21, 1975 during Game 6 of the 1975 World Series.
1975 World Series slideshow - Cincinnati Reds vs. Boston Red Sox - Luis Tiant - Joe Morgan
Curt Gowdy promotes Saturday Night Live during 1975 World Series
During a pitching change in the bottom of the 7th inning of Game 1 of the '75 Series Curt Gowdy reads a promo live on the air about NBC's Saturday Night's de...
1975 World Series Game 6 Carlton Fisk Home Run
Here it I don't own this video. Mlb and the red sox do. No copyright intended.
21 news items
Boston Globe
Martinsburg Journal
Oops, we seem to be having trouble contacting Twitter
You can talk about 1975 World Series with people all over the world in our discussions.
Digparty Home
| Feedback
<|endofexample|>
VICE: THE NEW ZAPATISTAS?
“Se Puede Cuando Se Quiere”. Forget al the injustices and getting taken advantage of, the Cheran people from Michoacan decided to really say enough is enough, they were tired of getting violated by the people with higher power in their village an kicked them out. Narcos, LumberJacks and corrupt officials all gone kicked out by the people and set up guard posts around the town so they won’t come in. These people now live in peace and are ready to defend their freedom. Check out this reportaje on “The New Zapatistas”.
<|endofexample|>
With a strangely attractive, overly distraught aesthetic (and what seems like a complete way of life) Chicago based couple and band, Mars Argo is one of the finely tuned, strikingly polished acts of the diy generation. Here is the music video from some upcoming work. The single used to be on their bandcamp as its own release, but now it resides as the 5th and final track off Linden Place. Heavy with anticipation, we wait for more. (also, one of their episodes from a youtube series, which is pretty damn funny)
- Dingus
<|endofexample|>
The rich language of French author Jean Giono combines with the breathtaking artistry of illustrator/animator Frederic Back to tell this triumphant tale in which one man's indomitable spirit transforms a desolate land into a thriving garden of trees. Back's delicate pastels sweep readers into the solitary world of Elzeard Bouffier, a world in which one individual, undeterred by great wars and other setbacks, and without thought of reward, makes a significant difference. The Man Who Planted Trees is an inspiring parable for all ages.
Running time: 30 min, Year released: 1987
Other Credits:
<|endofexample|>
1305.
Ngodo waBanguza (Performer)Komukomu waSimbi (Leader)Composer not specified)
Movement from Xylophone Orchestral Dance. Further details refer ILAM field card CP7
Chopi musicians and dancers (Performer)Komukomu wa Simbi (Composer)6) dance song with Timbila xylophones. Further details refer ILAM field card number: CP-5
Chopi people (Performer)Komukomu waSimbi
<|endofexample|>
- Uforeportlive
- uploaded: Jun 1, 2010
- Hits: 2752
Will the real ET be little green men or little green bacteria? SETI Institute Senior Astronomer Seth Shostak theorizes what our first alien encounter might be like. For more videos, go to. Follow UFO Report on Twitter @
Is there anybody out there?-
Are we alone? NASA expects answer Soon (8/1/2010)-...
Into the Universe with Stephen Hawking: Aliens-...
The Universe: Another Earth-...
msnbc: Looking for Alien Earths? Here they come-
CNN: Galaxy May be Full of 'Earths,' Alien life -
The Universe: Search for E.T.-...
Proof of Alien Life?-
Aliens Are out There (The Detection of Extra-terrestrial Life) RS Conference 25/1/2010-
The Discovery of Alien Life: Is the Human Race Prepared?-
UFO DISCLOSURE (A Beginners Guide): UFO's & Extraterrestrial Life-
UFO & ET Life Disclosure: It's Time For The Truth-
CNN: Will Aliens Be Hostile? (27/4/2010)-
Man 'Must Prepare to Meet Alien Life Forms' (25/1/2010) -...
UFO Report Live Website-
<|endofexample|>
All new model for 2011 the BG 7600 goal bag is designed to hold a complete set of adult size goal equipment. The bag is constructed with a durable high strength 1680 denier nylon and reinforced with rip stop nylon in critical high stress areas. Carry straps are box stitched and reinforced for added strength. Three wheel design has large size wheels that help keep the bag from dragging on the bottom edge when heavily loaded. Internal storage pockets with zippers on each side and one end for added storage inside the bag. Wide U shaped opening
<|endofexample|>
Similar offers
Cycle Inishowen are offering 15% off for groups of four, or more, on their holidays of Ireland's most northerly peninsula in Co. Donegal....
Cycle Inishowen are offering a free holiday for every under twelve travelling with two adults. Cycle Inishowen holidays cover the Inishowen...
Accommodation in Donegal
-
- Bed & Breakfast(81)
- Caravan & Camping(4)
- Guesthouses (10)
- Hostel/Bunkhouse(14)
- Hotels(54)
- Other(1)
- Self Catering(185)
<|endofexample|>
Enterprise Rent-A-Car1051 North Fraser Street, Suite 4
Georgetown, SC 29440
843-520-4281
website
Nationally known car rental company that provides high quality, late model vehicles plus offers free pickup and delivery services.
What our users are saying about Enterprise Rent-A-Car | Rate Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Post your review
Comment preview:
Type some text to see comment preview...
at 05:22, 05-18-2013.
Georgetown Area Attractions
Kaminski House Museum
Hobcaw Barony
Rover Tours
Cap'n Rod's Lowcountry Plantation Tours
Prince George Winyah Episcopal Church
Rice Museum, The
Swamp Fox Tour 11
Hopsewee Plantation
No one has reviewed this - be first!
<|endofexample|>
Work Coach: Manager must make rude worker clean up act
Also in Opinion
Sign up for home delivery of The Columbus Dispatch and find out What's In It for You.
Already a subscriber?
Enroll in EZPay and get a free gift! Enroll now.
Q: Since becoming the office manager for a large medical practice, I have received numerous complaints about one member of my staff. Several people have told me that “Tricia,” our front-desk supervisor, deluge of complaints, your predecessor apparently abdicated all managerial responsibility and allowed Tricia to do whatever she pleased. Now that this wimpy manager has left, Tricia’s colleagues obviously hope, you must firmly advise Tricia that rude and insulting remarks are unacceptable. From now on, she is expected to be courteous and respectful during all workplace interactions. If you find that she is unable to make this shift, then there is no place for her in a medical practice.
Marie G. McIntyre is a workplace coach and the author of Secrets to Winning at Office Politics. Send in questions and get free coaching tips at.
<|endofexample|>
'Mediscare' unlikely to work this time
Also in Opinion
Sign up for home delivery of The Columbus Dispatch and find out What's In It for You.
Already a subscriber?
Enroll in EZPay and get a free gift! Enroll now.
The other day I was watching former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean on CNBC do his best to bash the Medicare-reform plan authored by Paul Ryan and endorsed, with a key change, by presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney.
Dean botched it and the other panelists called him on it. He simply didn’t know the details.
You can almost smell the panic..
Last week, President Barack Obama joined other Democrats in recycling the “end Medicare as we know it” line, which the left-leaning PolitiFact site labeled the “2011 lie of the year.” The original version of Ryan’s idea would have offered only private-sector policies, but the latest iteration includes traditional Medicare as one of the choices. How would that “end Medicare”?
As Yuval Levin wrote at National Review, it is only now dawning on Democrats that it is Obama — not Romney — who would cut Medicare for current seniors. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that Obamacare will yank $716 billion from Medicare’s planned spending over the next 10 years.
Under Romney, Medicare wouldn’t change during that time. Ryan’s version, adopted by the House, called for the same amount of Medicare savings as Obama, but without endorsing specific cuts — such as Obama’s planned $260 billion reduction in payments to hospitals built into the 2013-2022 budget baseline.
Medicare actuary Richard Foster has estimated that those reductions will cause one in six U.S. hospitals to become unprofitable. Democrats say they’re committed to saving Medicare, but what good is this “entitlement” if more doctors and hospitals close their doors to new Medicare patients?
Here’s how the Romney-Ryan plan would work:
Seniors would receive “premium support” they could use to purchase insurance, or choose Medicare. The money would flow to government-approved providers. Each would have to cover the full range of Medicare services.
How much would each person get? It would be based on annual competitive bidding by participating insurance companies, with the amount based on the cost of the second-least-expensive plan. Seniors who choose the cheapest plan would get a cash rebate. Those who choose the pricier plans would pay more out of pocket. Sick and low-income people would receive more support. Wealthier recipients would get less.
Suddenly, you would have something new in health care: systemwide pressure to offer more cost-effective deals. Insurance companies, eager to offer the most-competitive plan under premium support, would push providers to become more efficient and combine services. This competitive element would offer a way around Medicare’s innovation-killing, fee-for-service model that pays lousy hospitals the same as good ones.
Historically, politicians proposing entitlement reform lose in the face of hysterical attacks from the programs’ defenders. Two things are different this year. The Obama administration, not Romney, approved cuts in Medicare’s growth for today’s seniors. That means the usual “Mediscare” campaign will have diminished credibility.
And a long-running movie has been playing in Europe, showing what happens when countries refuse to get their houses in order. There’s a good chance Americans don’t want to be in that movie.
E. Thomas McClanahan writes for the Kansas City Star.
<|endofexample|>
Web-only letters to the editor, Dec. 31,.
Economic woes
When a court injunction stopping the Kasich administration from completing contracts with five health plans selected to manage care for Medicaid patients was lifted yesterday it in a sense privatized Medicaid. In the short run it will save a few dollars, but it's at the expense of our most vulnerable citizens, the poor and unemployed who are already holding on to their lives as if they were cast upon the streets of Mumbai. Walk into any food bank and you will see neighbors standing in line, hungry. Yet, we cling to our faith in an economic system that has brought us to our knees.
Privatization is a failure of monumental proportions. It promises profits and solutions, yet we all know that privately held companies don't build our infrastructure or pay for our most needy citizens. These companies have mission statements that maximize profits and lowers costs. Where do the citizens of this great city fit in? Or are we to be reduced to Dickens' characters begging for just a little more, sir?
John Thomas Ellis, Columbus
Funding schools
Like many other states, funding for Ohio’s public schools depend mainly on property taxes. This funding system’s downfalls have been ignored for decades by the majority of the nation. The dependence on local property taxes is unconstitutional and lack stability; therefore, the state of Ohio should make education a priority in its budget to efficiently fund public education like it is called to do in the Ohio State Constitution.
In the 1991, court case DeRolph v. State of Ohio, the Supreme Court states that:
"In DeRolph I, this court's primary concern with the state's funding system was that it relied too heavily on local property taxes to fund a statewide system. The problem this creates… is that a system overly reliant on local property taxes will result in disparities between districts…” (p18)
In this famed court case the Supreme Court of Ohio declared Ohio’s funding for public education
unconstitutional because the state is putting most of the burden of funding schools on local
communities. The reliance on the community creates a wealth disparity, where districts in less
affluent areas receive less funding per child than wealthier districts that collect more in
property taxes. It is not fair that a student in Bexley is “worth” more than a child in a
struggling southern Ohio school district. It is the State’s responsibility to fill that void, and
promote equality in educational opportunity.. Statistics from the 2010 census show the rate of home ownership has declined in 86 of Ohio's 88 counties in the past decade. With less homeowners to pay property taxes, districts are forced to harass its locals to pass levy after levy. More funding by the state is the only practical option to have a reliable, consistent funding system. Many other states allocate revenue from sales taxes. Many other countries have completely revolutionary public educational infrastructures that are worth observing and imitating in many ways. It’s time for not only Ohio, but for the nation to take notes.
Many critics of the subject claim that more funding is not directly proportional to better school performance, so why give more money? This is not true at all because poor districts cannot attract quality teachers and cannot expand programs like AP classes, when more affluent districts can. And these elements of education are known to increase students’ performance. For one to say that amount of school funding does not matter is a fallacy that acts as an expedient to dismiss talks of a higher educational standard because of bureaucratic laziness.
The state should not completely stop funding by property taxes, just simply decrease public school reliance on them. And by acknowledging the current system’s unconstitutionality and instability and finally doing something about it, the great state of Ohio can show the nation at large what adequate funding for public schools looks like. Let us influence the nation to abandon the unconstitutional practice, and start on a campaign for educational reform in America!
Mica Caine, Pickerington
Hiring Ohioans
At a recent event honoring the Ohio State football team, Governor, last month. These investments are being made right here in Ohio, and are creating jobs and wealth that are benefitting Buckeyes of every political and socio-economic stripe. And they would not exist if not for the demand of Ohio’s burgeoning oil and gas industry.
The Governor knows all of this, and has stated as much on multiple occasions. In his 2012 State of the State address, Governor the year. This is likely what led the Governor to declare on October 9th
Ohio Oil and Gas Association
<|endofexample|>
Well girls, we can’t deny summer is everyone’s favourite time of the year – with all of the sun, sea, sand (except the British summer here) and of course, the ‘Summer Sale’. There has been a great lot of buzz in different brands, outlets and forums across the net as well as in social media like Twitter and Facebook on this sizzling summer sale time in Europe.
Dorothy Perkins has arrived online and instore!
We would like to give our loyal followers, readers and friends to enjoy the summer sale with us too, by helping to share the sale that will save your pennies. You can pick any UK sites or links and you just need to decide within your budget of what you would like to order. We will do the rest, take a look folks!
Our favourite designer label, Karen Millen sale not to be missed
H&M summer sale showing more colours, prints & pretty silhouettes to look forward to come warmer weather.
All you need to do is to PICK any item of your interest, and we QUOTE you the price with shipment from UK. For those who have experienced and taste the convenient of our Personal Shopper service, you know the cue, just let us know what you want and we DELIVER it straight to your front door! We will make sure you don’t miss these brilliant discounts and big promotions from your favourite stores, labels and brands.
Miss Selfridge timeless collection and great petite outfits too!
Fashion Union - online wardrobe site that you should visit, casual top as low as £3!
Warehouse UK outlets are filled with demure, chic, sleek casual and work wear – flawless trends!
We’ve helped many fashionistas, bargain hunters, clients and readers fulfilling their wishes over the years and let’s start our summer sale picks now. If you can’t find anything you like here, send us your favourite via email!
Have a lovely week everyone
! xoxo
<|endofexample|>
Browse by
Browse by
Browse by
Browse by
Italian Cream Cake
Prep time :
20 minutes
Bake/Cook time :
28 minutes
Yield :
One 9 or 10-inch cake
INGREDIENTS
- 1 stick + 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, soft
- 2 tablespoons oil (grape seed, olive or canola oil)
- 2 cups Dixie Crystals
*Using spoon fill measuring cup with flour until required amount is obtained. (Scooping measuring cup directly into flour bag will firmly pack flour resulting in too much flour required for recipe.)
DIRECTIONS
-.
DIXIE CRYSTALS INSIGHT
Chef Eddy Tip: To save time on the day of your party, do what most professional bakers do. Bake your cake layers up to a week in advance and freeze without frosting. On the day of your party, remove the layers from the freezer and frost when still cold. Cold frosted cakes will reduce the crumbs from getting into the icing or frosting!
Shout Out To Our Baking Friends
:: Sandra M :: Christina :: Sue G :: Jeri P :: alb b :: Michelle J :: Linda S :: Bekah T :: Pam Y :: Nicole E :: Carolyn B :: Kamera J :: Laura :: Jan M :: someone :: Jennifer R :: paf7504 :: Judith S :: Nancy Lockhart :: donna osteen
<|endofexample|>
Through a combination of gift and purchase, the Dixon Gallery and Gardens acquired 23 paintings from the collection of Mr. Montgomery H.W. Ritchie of Palo Duro, Texas in 1996. The Ritchie Collection contains 19th and early 20th century art and includes works by many major artists, including Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Edgar Degas, Paul Cezanne, Georges Seurat, Raoul Dufy, and Chaim Soutine. These outstanding selections expand and enhance the existing works in the Dixon’s permanent collection. The collection affords visitors an invaluable perspective and broader look at Impressionism, the Impressionist movement as displayed by its strongest practitioners on both side of the Atlantic, and the rich and varied paths taken by Post-Impressionists and early modern artists at the turn of the century.
Among the highlights of the collection are two works by Claude Monet, Village Street (1869-1871) and Port of Dieppe, Evening (1882). A landscape by Paul Cezanne, Trees and Rocks Near the Chateau Noir (1900-1906), two paintings by Pierre Auguste Renoir, and an open window scene by Raoul Dufy (that recalls Matisse’s canonical Open Window, Collioure) are also notable. The collection also includes works by Americans John Singer Sargent and Maurice Prendergast.
There are many striking resemblances between Ritchie’s collection and that of Hugo & Margaret Dixon. Both Ritchie and Dixon were Englishmen who came to reside in the American South, and both men collected English art – perhaps as a tribute to their native land. They also shared an interest in 19th and early 20th century art as evidenced by the many artists common to both collections: Corot, Boudin, Degas, Jongkind, Fantin-Latour, Bonnard, Gauguin, Marquet, and Chagall. The majority of works in both collections are small or medium in size, well suited for the domestic settings for which they were purchased. The Ritchie Collection adds to the Dixon’s existing strength in Impressionist art while adding depth to its Post-Impressionist, early modern, and American holdings.
<|endofexample|>
15 June 2012
The German radar satellite TerraSAR-X
Five years ago,; the spacecraft is expected to continue operating for several more years.
Credit:
DLR (CC-BY 3.0).
Jakobshavn Isbræ at risk
Jakobshavn Isbræ, in Greenland, is one of the fastest-moving glaciers in the world; the mass of ice is advancing up to 35 metres per day towards the sea, and is threatened by climate change. The progress of glacial melting can be documented by comparing satellite images acquired in different years. The processed radar data shows the glacier structure in false colour. Smooth ice surfaces are coloured blue; magenta shows prominent structures like crevasses, while yellow indicates roughened surfaces and thus clearly marks the flow movement. It can be seen that the ice sheet advances to a narrow zone (left-hand side of image) and eventually breaks abruptly into the ‘smooth’ open sea.
Berlin Central Station on the move.
Measurement of elevation variations using radar
Radar view from above; this data analysis reveals variations in the height of the station and its surroundings. The yellow and red markings in the dot cloud show elevation changes in the millimetre range.
The flooded Higashi-Matsushima airport, near Sendai; it is expected to continue functioning for several more years.
"TerraSAR-X has now been operating almost flawlessly for five years. The satellite's propellant consumption has been low, the solar arrays and radar instrument are in good condition, and all of the redundant systems are still available. We could not have hoped for more," says Michael Bartusch, TerraSAR-X mission Project Manager at the German Aerospace Center (Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt; DLR) Space Administration.
Dependable and high-precision
TerraSAR-X was constructed by Astrium on behalf of DLR and is the first Earth observation satellite to be developed entirely in Germany. Thanks to the on-board radar instrument, Earth's surface can be surveyed regardless of weather conditions, cloud cover or availability of daylight. The satellite has been providing unique datasets with resolutions down to one metre since the beginning of the mission. By so doing, TerraSAR-X has completely fulfilled its mission objective – the provision of high-quality X band Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data for research and development purposes as well as for scientific and commercial applications. From the beginning of 2008, commercial distribution of the data has been performed by the German division of Astrium Geo-Information Services, Infoterra GmbH.
The high accuracy and dependability of TerraSAR-X data has enabled scientists from a wide variety of research fields to develop entirely new applications and processes. In particularly high demand are time-sequenced images, which enable changes in a specific region to be precisely determined.
Glaciers and wood frogs
This applies to the observation of glaciers in Greenland, for example. Their flow rates allow them to be used as indicators for global warming. In a research project being carried out by the Institute of Applied Physics at the University of Washington, the 20 most significant outlet glaciers are surveyed five times a year. Special attention is paid to Jakobshavn Isbræ, one of the fastest-moving glaciers in the world. TerraSAR-X is currently the only remote sensing satellite capable of supplying images for the project at the required resolution and time intervals.
The German radar satellite is even putting wood frogs in Northern Canada under the microscope for climate researchers. The eight-centimetre-long amphibians are also climate indicators; changes in climate and habitat immediately affect the sensitive population. The frogs breed in small ponds that form during the thaw period following the harsh winter and then dry out. Using high-resolution images from TerraSAR-X, scientists from the Terrestrial Wetland Global Change Research Network can now see when the frog ponds form and how they evolve over time. Previously, the usual method used was to set up microphones and use the sounds emitted by the frogs to work out what was happening. With remote sensing technology, biologists can now use entirely new methods.
Berlin Central Station
TerraSAR-X has also found a completely new application in the observation of important infrastructure components. This applies to bridges and, especially, safety-critical facilities such as dams. Using the latest processes, the radar satellite's images can be used to detect deformations down to the millimetre range with high accuracy. In collaboration with Technische Universität München, DLR Oberpfaffenhofen has demonstrated this for Berlin Central Station; over the course of a year, the steel complex deforms by up to 1.8 centimetres vertically and between 1.5 and 3.5 centimetres horizontally. The TerraSAR-X images reveal the seasonal differences with millimetric accuracy; the steel structure expands during the warmest months of the year, being largest between June and September. During the cooler parts of the year, the material contracts and the station 'moves' back to its previous state.
Natural catastrophes and major events
TerraSAR-X makes important contributions during natural catastrophes, major incidents and humanitarian relief efforts. To provide the best possible help on site, emergency services need comprehensive, detailed, up-to-date geographical information – regardless of the time of day or weather conditions. This is not a problem for TerraSAR-X, and this is why DLR is a member of the International Charter 'Space and Major Disasters'; the radar satellite has supplied emergency cartography data for natural disasters such as the severe earthquake in Haiti in 2010, the floods in Pakistan in 2011 and the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. Most recently, TerraSAR-X was used during the Champions League football final in Munich, for a test by the German Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance (Bundesamt für Bevölkerungsschutz und Katastrophenhilfe; BBK) of situational awareness during major events.
… and TanDEM-X.
About the TerraSAR-X mission
TerraSAR-X is being implemented on behalf of DLR with funds from the German Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology (Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Technologie; BMWi). It is the first German satellite manufactured under what is known as a Public-Private Partnership DLR and Astrium. DLR is responsible for using TerraSAR-X data for scientific purposes; it is also responsible for planning and implementing the mission as well as controlling the satellite. Astrium built the satellite, shared the costs of developing it and is sharing the costs of operating it. Infoterra GmbH, a subsidiary company founded for this purpose by Astrium, is responsible for marketing the data commercially.
Last modified:18/06/2012 11:24:43
<|endofexample|>
.
The agency is comprised of the Virginia National Guard and the Virginia Defense Force.
Agency Vision:
The premier response capability in the state, prepared to support every call to duty from the Commonwealth and the nation, led by a balanced, integrated joint team that is stable, adaptive, and measured by the success of our small units and their leaders.
Senior leader biographies are available online at
<|endofexample|>
I will be the first to say one the things that I hate to see is someone trying to imitate the Three Stooges. It is usually like a bad Elvis impersonation. There is something special about the Stooges that make them unique, an institution of their own. When I heard there was going to be a Stooges movie, I was not really crazy about the idea. I knew I would go see it. I expected it that it would just be bad.
I also want to add my girls absolutely love the Stooges like I do. We watch them any chance that we can catch the reruns on TV. So it was decided this afternoon would be McHawes family day at the movies, to see the Stooges. We all loved it! I laughed through the whole film. The actors nailed their roles as Moe, Larry and Curly. The mannerisms were dead on. Don’t get me wrong this was no Godfather style epic motion picture. It was the Stooges and it was exactly what is was supposed to be, funny.
If you are a Stooge fan, go see it. You will enjoy it.
<|endofexample|>
By
Chad Taylor
soundcheck@dmcityview.com
Michael Marcus cut his teeth listening to blues
albums in San Francisco in the 1960s, wanting
to emulate people like Sonny Sitt and Charlie
“Bird” Parker.
“I studied blues because that’s where everything
else I was into came from,” Marcus said in an
interview from New York. “I began to understand
the art of jazz improvisation and the relationship
jazz has with the blues as its foundation.”
Meanwhile, Sonny Simmons was already the stuff
of jazz legend. By the time Marcus had finished
high school, Simmons was already nationally
recognized through albums like “Staying on the
Watch” and his turn with the Prince Lasha Quintet
on “The Cry!”
Then their lives took dramatically different
paths. In the 1970s, Marcus hit the blues circuit
full-stride. Playing his baritone saxophone,
Marcus toured the country — then the world —
with blues greats like Sonny Rhodes, Albert
King and B.B. King. During the same time, however,
Simmons’ career would be marked only by silence.
Personal problems and family issues conspired
against him, and his career faded throughout
the decade.
But in 1980, the two men were introduced for
the first time.
“(Bay Area blues musician) Hi Tide Harris hired
me to play baritone sax on this recording he
was doing,” Marcus recalled. “He mentioned that
there would be an alto player that sounds like
Bird. I thought it was going to be The Bishop
(Norman Williams), but Hi Tide said, ‘No, it’s
Sonny Simmons!’ I just thought, ‘Wow. The guy’s
a legend.’ ”
From there the two would maintain a casual working
relationship throughout most of the next two
decades, playing together a couple of times
on the east coast and some gigs in San Francisco
in the mid-’90s. Finally, around the turn of
the millennium, Simmons and Marcus decided to
form a band. From the beginning, the feel of
the project — named The Cosmosamatics after
a track from Simmons’ 1996 album “Transcendence”
— would be based upon the comfortable exchange
of two musicians with a long history together.
“Sonny is a telepathic player, and I’m a telepathic
player,” said Marcus. “It just means that we’re
able to feel the flow of what the other is doing
and play accordingly. I am one of the few horn
players that has the ability to telepathically
hook up with Sonny.”
Eventually, they would add drummer Jay Rosen
to the lineup.
“Michael actually auditioned me,” Rosen recalled.
“I played for a while and didn’t see Sonny at
all until he walked into the room, listened
for a little bit and said ‘Y’all right.’ And
that was that.”
There have been other members at various points
throughout the years, most notably upright bassists
William Parker, Curtis Lundy, Masa Kamaguchi,
Gildas Scouarnec, Tarus Mateen and Peter Herbert,
but the core has remained Marcus, Simmons and
Rosen. The continuity is important to Marcus.
“We are a BAND,” reads the liner notes from
The Cosmosamatics’ 2005 album “Zetrons.” “Sonny
and I have been collaborating for years to keep
the tradition alive of being a band.”
The resulting sound on display in central Iowa
for the first time ever this week is eclectic
and mercurial, like avant-garde jazz should
be. Simmons’ alto sax conjures up the ghost
of “Bird” Parker and mixes it with jazz overtones,
while Marcus’ woodwind work dances alongside.
Rosen’s timekeeping is impeccable behind the
two, and the sound of these three cats together
is the sound of creation. CV
Big Green Umbrella Media, Inc. • 414 61st Street • Des
Moines, Iowa 50312 • 515-953-4822 • 515.953.1394 (fax)
©2012 Copyright Big Green Umbrella Media
<|endofexample|>
Adobe Upgrades Internet Video SystemAdobe Systems Inc. this week debuted Premiere 6.0, the enhanced version of its desktop publishing system targeted at e-businesses looking to do video production inhouse.
The upgraded version enables companies to post and stream footage to the Web, whereas the system's earlier versions provided more basic video-editing capabilities.
Technically, the system allows users to set timeline markers for HTML pages during Web video playback and to output multiple files for streaming.
Another feature is called Automate to Timeline, which allows video developers to work with sequences of clips at their storyboards or project windows. The Premiere package also includes a professional-level audio mixer, according to Adobe.
The system allows sites to offer streaming video on video formats such as RealNetworks, RealMedia, Microsoft WindowsMedia and Apple QuickTime. In addition, Premiere allows the use of digital video devices and interfaces and works with other Adobe applications, including After Effects, Photoshop and GoLive.
Adobe Premiere 6.0 will be released sometime after January and is expected to be priced around $549. Registered Premiere users can upgrade to version 6.0 for $149. Upgrades from Adobe Premiere LE versions will cost $199.
Competitive brands in the video-to-Web market include Apple Computer Inc.'s Final Cut Pro and Avid Technology Inc.'s Xpress DV.
"The ability to put video to the Web opens up a lot of potential for content and marketing," said Wanda Meloni, an analyst at digital media technology market research firm M2 Research, Encinitas, CA. "We're just scratching the surface as far as what you can do with it in terms of promotions, e-commerce, education or communications."
More information on Premiere can be found at.
<|endofexample|>
Microsoft completes its acquisition of aQuantive
Microsoft Corp. has completed its acquisition of aQuantive Inc. that began this past May and has createdáAdvertiser and Publisher Solutions Group.
This new business group will be responsible for building Microsoft's monetization engine for the advertiser and publisher community. The APS team will assume responsibility for building and marketing all ad platforms, including Atlas, DRIVEpm, MSNDR and Microsoft AdCenter,. The leadership team reporting to Johnson includes Yusuf Mehdi, who will take on the newly formed role in PSD of senior vice president of strategic partnerships and remain in its downtown Seattle offices.
Upon close of Microsoft's acquisition of AdECN, CEO Bill Urschel and his team will report to Alex Gounares, corporate vice president, adCenter and Commerce, part of Satya Nadella's Search and Advertising Platform group. AdECN will maintain its offices near Santa Barbara, CA.
<|endofexample|>
Prospectiv Debuts Healthier.comProspectiv, a provider of online marketing solutions, introduced Healthier.com yesterday, a Web site to help consumers find information, tips, promotions and products for a healthier lifestyle.
The site expands Prospectiv's reach and improves its targeting to millions of active, self-profiled consumers, the Woburn, MA, company said.
Through Healthier.com and Prospectiv's technology platform, pharmaceutical, health, beauty and wellness brand marketers can acquire customers as well as maintain their in-house files of consumers.
Healthier.com gives consumers contextually relevant offers and information regarding their personal health, beauty and wellness needs. When visiting the site, consumers can register and receive exclusive health offers, samples and coupons from top brands, in addition to product information. They also can gain access to health-related tips and recipes.
Consumer brand marketers who present their offers through Prospectiv's online customer acquisition programs and Healthier.com will be able to identify consumers interested in specific health and wellness offerings and, with the consumers' permission, gain highly specific profile data about their health interests and preferences.
Consumer brand marketers of pharmaceutical, healthcare, diet and food products are under pressure to give consumers the information to make informed decisions related to their health. In a 2005 Prospectiv Consumer Preference Index poll, 92 percent of consumers said they were interested in visiting Web sites focused on treatments for their specific ailments.
Healthier.com, like all of Prospectiv's online properties and online customer acquisition programs, is driven by Prospectiv's proprietary Customer Acquisition Optimizer technology, which automatically presents the most targeted offers to consumers based on in-depth behavioral, personal and contextual criteria. This is based on the consumer profiles of those who have registered at Prospectiv's vertically targeted online properties, including Healthier.com, Eversave.com and TheKnowledgeStop.com.
<|endofexample|>
Thank you for visiting ChefMoz.org. For more than 10 years, ChefMoz was the largest international online directory of restaurants and reviews, covering more than 300,000 restaurants in 142 countries. Unfortunately, due to persistent hardware issues and a lack of resources, we have been forced to make the difficult decision to place ChefMoz on an indefinite hiatus.
We would like to extend our sincere and heartfelt thanks to the thousands of volunteer editors who devoted countless hours toward building ChefMoz, as well as to the tens of thousands of members of the public who submitted reviews and added restaurant information. Your altruistic efforts created a tremendously valuable, freely-available resource, and exemplified the highest ideals of the web community.
While we hope that the ChefMoz project will be revived in the future, you can still find information about restaurants from our actively maintained sister project, DMOZ, which contains tens of thousands of links to restaurants and restaurant review sites.
Respectfully yours,
The Open Directory Project Staff
<|endofexample|>
Located in Austin, Texas, the Umlauf Sculpture Garden + Museum is an internationally renowned museum founded around the work of American sculptor Charles Umlauf. It features more than 130 sculptures, drawings and paintings. And with a beautiful open air garden setting, it’s also a place where nature is part of the permanent collection.
<|endofexample|>
Arsenal an opposition striker in plain sight of the referee with only 10 minutes on the clock. No manager can legislate for this kind of aberration, unless he threatens to lock any player guilty of such a reckless act in a dungeon for the rest of his life. And Arsene Wenger, we know, is not that sort of manager.
So Laurent Koscielny is dismissed before backsides have had time to warm on seats and Arsenal spend the next 80 minutes battling against insuperable odds. But here is the encouraging part. At no point in the inquest did Wenger try to hide from the deeper failings of his side. He had no issue with the penalty awarded against his defender (Edin Dzeko, the victim, missed) and no real objection to the red card that forced him to take off Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and send on another centre-half, Per Mertesacker.
Instead Arsenal's manager of 17 years deferred to undeniable evidence. He said: "We didn't start with enough confidence or authority. You have to dictate your personality, especially defensively. We could have done better at both goals. It's frustrating because the team showed great heart and desire after that, but we're a bit too nervous to play in a serene way at home and that is costing us." As Wenger diagnosed, the Gunners were hesitant at the start, unconvincing in their efforts to answer James Milner's opening goal for the English champions and a long way short in most departments of a top four side, which they need to be if they are to extend Wenger's excellent record of qualifying for the Champions League: itself a comfort blanket against the lack of success in domestic competitions.
Arsenal (sixth) are only six points behind Spurs in fourth and have a game in hand, but no serious punter would bet big on them seeing prime-time European action next autumn. Harry Redknapp, the Queens Park Rangers manager (and not an impartial observer, admittedly), spoke for most observers when he said: "Spurs have a much stronger squad than Arsenal.
Much stronger." Liverpool (three points back) are also shaping up as credible outsiders for the fourth-place spot and Everton are holding their ground in fifth.
A team that whacked Reading 5-2 and Newcastle 7-3 in December might look pretty enough in the right kind of light. But Arsenal have fewer points after 21 games (34) than at any time in Wenger's Premier League career.
Often they are missing rhythm, conviction, individual match-changing talent and faith. Wenger has noticed the pessimistic mood around the ground but has been careful not to provoke the crowd. After this 2-0 defeat, though, he was asked whether audience disquiet was affecting results. "I don't know if it's linked with that," he said, "but it doesn't help." In the crowd's mind is a link between the astronomical price of tickets and the diminishing quality of the entertainment this season. At first Koscielny's sending off provided a grievance to hide behind. It was all referee Mike Dean's fault. By the time Dean balanced things up by ejecting City's Vincent Kompany 15 minutes before the end it was already plain Arsenal were beset by other problems. A match official correctly applying the laws of the game could not be used as crutch all afternoon and evening.
First: the defending for both the Milner and Dzeko goals was slack. In each case defenders failed to react the danger: especially Thomas Vermaelen, the captain, who is increasingly prone to concentration lapses.
A few yards further up the pitch, Abou Diaby made a tortured return to the side after four months out with injury. He can be forgiven his scattergun passing and general disorientation against a strong City midfield. While Diaby was struggling to find his range, Jack Wilshere was chopped and upended with bruising frequency. It was a clumsy challenge on Wilshere that led to Kompany's debatable red card.
Where we pick up traces of panic in the whole Arsenal enterprise is the use of Theo Walcott as a lone centre-forward. Walcott struggled to make the starting XI until his contract negotiations entered a critical phase. At that point his wish to play as a central striker was suddenly granted.
Meanwhile Olivier Giroud, the latest in a long line of new Arsenal strikers, started against City on the bench. At 2-0 down, Walcott and Giroud played together, but a long way from a three-man Arsenal midfield who were asked to service two strikers who mostly spectated from a distance.
Wenger needs no tactical lessons from a journalist, but perhaps a 4-5-0 formation would have worked better, with two players breaking from midfield. Lukas Podolski also gave cause for concern here, presenting himself as a luxury striker runner with no great urge to get back and help with the messy stuff. Santi Cazorla's creativity is drowned out on days like this.
Wednesday's FA Cup third round replay against Swansea and Sunday's Premier League visit to Chelsea now assume ominous weight for an Arsenal side who bear little resemblance to the cavaliers of old. Bayern Munich are next month's formidable Champions League second-round opponents.
A good start would be for the centre-backs to acknowledge that bear-hugging an opponent in the penalty box with the referee a few yards away is likely to end in calamity. The smattering of fans who applauded Koscielny might also give it some more thought. The players are in no position to blame the crowd, though. The "authority" Wenger says they lacked in this game has to be found from somewhere. Preferably, within.
Wife's query may fix Ajit Chandila
David Warner comes under scrutiny for swearing at journalists over IPL on Twitter
IPL spot-fixing: Chavan's kin leaves Special Cell Office, police reaches Chandila's residence in Faridabad
Victoria Beckham tweets picture of herself with husband David after his retirement announcement
IPL associated with satta, hawala and sex: Sharad Yadav
David Beckham made the right decision of retiring, says PSG boss
Not all can deal with the spotlight: Boris Becker
It's a big bad world
Adam Gilchrist demands life bans for 'IPL spot-fixers' if found guilty
Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid to win 10th Spanish Cup
Arsenal are a club living on the edge of their nerves. With some fans close to open revolt, and the team in danger of missing out on Champions League qualification, this luxury north London theatre is a place of skittishness and angst. - 7 hours ago
- Bet on it. Your mango is ripened using carbide - 2 - 19 hours ago
- Karnataka polls: Siddaramaiah expands Cabinet, 28 Ministers sworn in - 5 hours ago
- IPL spot fixing: Sreesanth, 2 other players 'confess'; more players under scanner - 18 hours ago
<|endofexample|>
2012 - 2013 Deer Season
White-tailed deer
General Deer Hunting Regulations for Private and Public Land
(For additional information see Private and Public Land)
Legal hunting time for deer is the time between one hour before official sunrise until one hour after official sunset (50-11-710).
In Game Zones 1 and 2 it is unlawful to pursue deer with dogs, and it is unlawful to bait for deer 
Antlerless Deer Harvest Programs are conducted statewide using either-sex days and 2 optional antlerless deer tag programs. The dates for either-sex days are shown in the hunting season section.
Individual Antlerless Deer Tag Program
With the Individual Antlerless Deer Tag Program and “unnamed” small WMAs starting Sept. 15. Tags are also valid on Sand Hills State Forest WMA in Chesterfield Co., North Dike WMA in Berkeley Co., Longleaf Pine WMA in Lee Co., Francis Marion National Forest in Berkeley and Charleston counties during still gun hunts for deer starting Sept. 15 and on Ditch Pond HP WMA in Barnwell and Aiken Counties and on Henderson HP WMA in Aiken County beginning Oct.1.ul.. 1. in Game Zone 2 (Central & Western Piedmont) and Game Zones 3-6 (Coastal Plain) tags are valid..
Crossbows
Crossbows may be used on private lands and WMA lands statewide during all archery, muzzleloader or gun seasons for deer, bear and turkey...
Selling Game Animals
It is unlawful to sell, except by special permit, any protected wildlife (50-1-290). Furbearing animals may be sold with a valid commercial fur harvest license. Contact SCDNR for a copy of the commercial fur harvest regulations.
Sunday Hunting
Hunting is prohibited on Sundays on all WMA lands. On private lands statewide, Sunday hunting for all game is legal.
Transporting Firearms
There are no SCDNR restrictions on transporting firearms by licensed hunters and fishermen in a vehicle to and from the place of hunting and fishing except on WMA lands. See regulations on WMA lands.
Trespass
It shall be unlawful to enter upon the lands of another for the purpose of hunting, fishing, trapping or retrieval of dogs without the consent of the landowner or manager.
Charles Ruth - Deer Project Supervisor
SCDNR Deer Project
P. O. Box 167
Columbia, SC 29202-0167
Phone: 803-734-3886
The Hunting Regulations are provided in the Adobe® Acrobat® (PDF) format. Adobe® Reader® is required to open this file and is available as a free download from the Adobe® Web site.
<|endofexample|>
by C.B. Bylander
I didn't expect the Rainy River to hook my heart and not let go.
But it did. And that surprised me.
The 90-mile-long ribbon of river that separates Minnesota from Canada isn't nearly as alluring to me as the streams of the southeast, streams that call like sirens and beckon with diamond-clear waters that trickle and tumble through tree-shrouded valleys. Nor is the Rainy as awe-inspiring as the Mississippi at Lake City, where the great river unwinds into a sprawling mile-wide knot of water before flowing south beneath scenic bluffs, which rise like furrows hoed by an unseen giant.
Yet the Rainy—a relative Plain Jane in a state steeped with beauties—has become my favorite river.
The reason is simple. Lake sturgeon. Big lake sturgeon. Sturgeon that stretch from gunwale to gunwale. Some weigh 100 pounds, even more. I have yet to catch a fish that size, but a man can dream—and casting one's thoughts to the Rainy is fertile water for that.
I stumbled into sturgeon fishing several years ago when a group of friends asked me to join their annual spring pilgrimage to the Rainy. They had an empty boat seat, an empty bunk, and plenty of room in a pickup truck. They wondered if I, like them, would welcome the salving sound of waves splashing against a boat's hull after a long and depressing winter.
So on a Friday morning, our group angled northwest from Brainerd to Baudette. We brought three boats. A dozen rods. Hundreds of night crawlers. A thousand hopes. And one cooler chock-full of thick steaks, red potatoes, and plenty of fixings—the logic being we'd feast well even though we planned to release our catch.
Turned out, the bite was good. At one point, two anglers in our group were wrestling with 59-inch sturgeon at the same time. Later, a much bigger fish was caught. I was hooked.
I had the good fortune to spend much of that seminal trip with two fisheries biologists. While all of the men in our group were good cards, these two were a pair of pocket aces. I say this because they were Wikipedia personified—yet even better, for they could pass night crawlers, pour coffee, spin yarns, and perform other critical angling responsibilities. So during the lulls between bites, I'd fire off questions and they'd shoot back answers. Before long, I'd learned how the Rainy River and Lake of the Woods sturgeon population collapsed some 100 years ago from too much commercial fish harvest and too little regulation of the wastewater that poured from the pipes of paper mills, timber mills, and municipalities. In the late 1800s, commercial harvest of sturgeon topped 1 million pounds a year at the south end of Lake of the Woods. This over-harvest, combined with water pollution in the years to come, removed old fish and stymied the production of new fish in these waters where sturgeon had lived for thousands of years.
The sturgeon's salvation was the 1972 national Clean Water Act. Over time, this antipollution legislation and growing enlightenment among business, community, and natural resource leaders led to improved water quality and renewed spawning success. Today's good fishing, I was told, was 50 years in the making.
I had no idea what to expect on that first fishing trip, but I soon learned sturgeon fishing is pretty straightforward. If you can feel a bite, you can catch a fish. Equipment needs are basic too. You don't need much more than a stout rod, strong line, and a decent reel, preferably a level-wind reel that cranks like a winch. Add to this a hefty slip-sinker or two, a swivel, and a good-sized circle hook threaded with a few night crawlers, and you are ready to fish. Simply toss the crawlers to the bottom of the lake or river and wait, being careful to stay on the Minnesota side of these border waters.
If you're lucky, one of these bottom-feeding fish will open its mouth and engulf your bait. This might feel like the light tap of a walleye. It might feel like a steady pull. No matter. Simply raise the rod tip, start reeling, and let the circle hook catch in a corner of the fish's mouth. Then hold on. It can get real interesting real fast.
Fast Forward to Spring 2012. Spring came early on the Rainy. Record-breaking warm temperatures had melted much of the river's ice by March 22, about three weeks ahead of average. I didn't like that. Sturgeon fishing is often best shortly after ice-out. That's when mature fish intent on spawning funnel from gigantic Big Traverse Bay on Lake of the Woods into a constricted area known as the Gap. From there they fin farther into the mouth of the Rainy to spawn. The Rainy always holds sturgeon, but the odds of catching a big one are better when fish numbers are at their peak.
Unfortunately, my wife, son, and I weren't scheduled to fish until early May. Too late? It was hard to say. But that possibility nagged at me during the days leading up to our trip.
It was about noon on a Friday when Linda, 12-year-old Michael, and I hitched the Crestliner to the Pathfinder, crossed our fingers that nothing would break, and pulled the rig north onto Highway 371. We bought four dozen night crawlers in Walker. We bought gas and groceries in Baudette. We bought new fishing licenses at Border View Lodge on Wheeler's Point, our destination. We were set.
Once registered at the lodge, I ambled over to the adjacent public boat launch to collect the latest local fish-catching intelligence. It was depressing. The school of men I waded into had fished a sturgeon tournament earlier that day. They had not fared well. Neither had many others, they said.
"It was a tough bite," one of them grumbled in a voice as dry as the desert.
"Sure was," said another. "I was skunked most of the day. Thankfully, I caught this one right before quitting time." He pushed a smart phone in front of my face. A photo of a 55-inch sturgeon shone from the screen. Nice fish.
After I said so long to these men, I strolled down to the docks to observe anglers in the flotilla of boats up and down from the access. I didn't see a single bent rod. I didn't see anyone ready with a net. I did bump into Mike Larson, an angler of some repute on the river, as he pulled up to the dock.
"Any action?" I asked.
"Not much," he said. "But I did see a woman just land two fish out in the Gap. … If you're gonna give it a try tonight, you may want to fish out her way. … She's past the second weedbed … last boat in the string … kind of out there by herself."
Thirty minutes later, that's where Michael, Linda, and I were bound. Upon arrival we kerplunked a 22-pound anchor close—but not too close—to the port side of the woman's boat. We baited hooks. Checked drags. Dropped lines. And then we kicked back and relaxed. We had soft seats and plenty of snacks. The night was young. This would be good.
It was at this point—just as a wave of bliss was washing over me—that the boat's bilge pump whirred into action. I peered over the gunwale and beheld the contents of the belly of the boat being upchucked back into the lake. Not good. Leaks below the water line never are.
"I bet this means we're going back to land right now," my wife opined in a soft voice that spoke loudly to the wisdom of lifting the anchor and not arguing.
"Yes," I replied without hesitation. "Land sounds good."
So that's where we went. At the access I wrapped the better part of a roll of electrician's tape around a livewell pump that had fractured from ice expansion over winter. We were set for the next morning. Unfortunately, the fish weren't. We didn't catch a thing in the forenoon.
However, the afternoon was different. It all started when Linda, seated in the back of the boat with her feet propped up against the transom, detected a bite. It was just a light pull. She passed the rod to Michael with the counsel that "it feels like a small one."
Michael, who had landed a 50-inch sturgeon the year before, knew what to do. He raised the rod tip. He cranked the reel. He measured tension in the line. Then he reefed back in a slow and steady motion. Confident the hook was set, he cried, "Fish on!"
His eyes, which had grown dull since dawn, now widened and sparkled with intensity. They grew even larger as the sturgeon made its first run, unspooling line with ease and bowing the rod until its tip stabbed through the surface of the water.
"Doesn't feel like a little one to me," he said, grinning.
In the minutes that followed, he gradually worked the rod back to a more horizontal position by heeding age-old advice: "When the fish pulls, you don't." It was quite the tug-of-war. Michael would pump the rod, crank the reel, and gain line. Moments later, the fish would take it back, and then some. The seesaw battle reminded me of Hemingway's story The Old Man and the Sea, which Michael and I had read together years ago. I began to call Michael "the boy," a reference to the boy in the book. I thought this was apt and funny. He found it odd and not funny at all.
"He's coming up," Michael said at last. And when it did, we got our first look at the sturgeon that would later be measured at 61 inches and 62 pounds. Yet we didn't see the behemoth for long. It dove again, this time pulling out line as though the hook were snagged to a submarine.
Finally, Michael said, "My arms are on fire. Take the rod." I didn't, at least not immediately. But when I did, I too was amazed at the strength of the fish. The seesawing continued far longer than I would have imagined. At last, Michael and Linda swooped a net under the fish and hoisted it into the boat. We heard whoops of approval from anglers on nearby boats as we raised the fish for a photo and then released it.
As fishing stories go, I know this one is quite ordinary. Countless others have caught more fish, bigger fish, and overcome adversity far beyond a broken livewell pump. Yet it remains extraordinary to me how fishing can unite a family and spawn memories that last a lifetime. Together in a boat, you talk. You laugh. You imagine. You catch fish, or at least sometimes you do. And you dream.
As we drove home on a Sunday afternoon, Michael daydreamed of boating an even bigger fish but wasn't sure we would.
"Are we coming back next spring?" he asked.
"Yes," I replied.
"Good," he said.
The Rainy had hooked his heart too.
Looking for volunteer opportunities?
<|endofexample|>
Ethiopia 2008 © Francesco Zizola
MSF medical staff examines a malnourished child at a nutrition center in southern Ethiopia.
Mumishene was not yet two years old. The doctors in the intensive nutrition center at Shinshicho had struggled long and hard, even resuscitating him several times. But on a Sunday morning, as day broke, this little boy died. A low keening funeral song surrounded the Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) vehicle as it bore Mumishene and his mother back to their village. The family wept as they learned the sad news and soon they were joined by the whole of the community. His fragile body shrouded in a few blankets, they carried Mumishene through an Eden of dark green maize and lighter green banana leaves.
Why, in the midst of this symphony of colors, with the life-force of nature burgeoning all around, are children visibly dying of malnutrition? Why are tragedies like Mumishene's afflicting this apparently prosperous region of southern Ethiopia?
Samuel, an Ethiopian member of MSF’s team at Tunto, in the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region (SNNPR), explains: "Over the last few weeks, I've been talking a lot with the parents of malnourished children. They tell me that for five or six months there was not a drop of rain. Hunger started to set in. Some of the farmers around here managed to grow a scant crop of ginger to sell to traders, but they've no food to eat. The staples have become very expensive at the market. Compare the prices with last year—100kgs of maize, for example, has shot up from around 360 to 800 Ethiopian Birr ($37 to $82 US). The same with fertilizer—it is simply too expensive for the farmers. Now that we've got some decent rainfall, the maize and other crops are growing again. But we'll have to wait until the next harvest, in September or October, before we see any sort of improvement".
Mothers and children wait in line at an MSF supplementary feeding center in Tunto, Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region.
In urgent need of food aid MSF started an emergency relief operation in the southern Ethiopian regions of Oromiya and SNNPR on May 13, 2008. Since then, the teams have been constantly reassessing the needs in this area. Confronted by rapidly escalating numbers of severely malnourished patients, MSF has set up a total of 51 outpatient nutrition centers and five hospitalization centers. For children suffering from moderate malnutrition, other centers offering supplementary nutritional feeding were rapidly set up. By early August, more than 20,000 patients with severe acute malnutrition had been admitted into this nutrition program and about 8,500 children suffering from moderate malnutrition had received nutritional and medical help.
"The patients in MSF's care are just the tip of the iceberg," explains Rosa Crestani, MSF's emergency coordinator. "We are treating the most severely ill patients, but many others are suffering from hunger. They have exhausted their food stocks and right now they depend totally on food aid brought in from elsewhere. Food aid urgently needs to get through to these people so that they don't slip into acute malnutrition as well".
In the Siraro district of Oromiya region, MSF has contributed to the reduction of the occurrence of severe malnutrition by taking a comprehensive approach. Carrying out both therapeutic feeding programs and carefully targeted distributions has brought the number of patients in MSF's programs down from 1,251 to 971 over the last four weeks.
MSF medical staff helps warm a malnourished child at a feeding center in southern Ethiopia.
"An organization like MSF has neither the capacity nor sufficient stocks of food aid to employ this strategy in all the affected areas," says Crestani. The teams have opened some supplementary nutritional programs where every two weeks families receive cooking oil and 14kgs of flour.
MSF's temporary rural centers are literally besieged by villagers. In the village of Ajora, in SNNPR, dozens of children wait barefoot in the mud, shivering in the freezing rain. Several are admitted into MSF's nutrition program, but many are turned away. "It's very difficult to send children back home because they're not malnourished enough, when you can plainly see that they are hungry and that their whole family needs help," says Dr. David de Souza, simultaneously trying to control the crowd and identify the patients at greatest risk. "Many are so desperate, they'll do anything to receive a little food."
Some patients cover vast distances to come to MSF's centers. "We even have patients who speak the language of distant regions like Wolayita or Hadyia," continues de Souza. "These are areas where the humanitarian needs are comparable to here, but where the amount of aid is clearly still insufficient."
To reach people who have not yet received assistance, MSF teams are still exploring new areas, like the Amhara region in the north, or the Somali region in the east of the country. MSF also set up new feeding programs in Afar region in the north, and around Chencha, Dita, Duna, and Bursa in SNNPR. Alarming rates of severe malnutrition had been reported in these areas.
As things stand, the agricultural, economic, and climatic conditions mean that there could be a gradual improvement in some areas, while in other areas the situation could continue to deteriorate. This is exactly what is happening on the highlands of SNNPR, where the crops will probably not be harvested until October. MSF teams will have to continually adapt their activities as the needs change, closing some centers and opening other new ones.
A mother and child play at an MSF feeding center in southern Ethiopia.
The last drops of the rain shower fall to the ground at Ajora. Shafts of light pierce the lowering clouds, illuminating the lush green of the fields. Southern Ethiopia seen like this is a million miles from the clichés of famine—dust-bowl landscapes and the white bones of dead cattle. But the crowds jostling at the entrances of MSF's clinics are a sharp reminder that even here, there is a desperate shortage of food.
At the intensive nutrition center at Shinshicho, the regular blips of the artificial respirator show that death is never far away. But MSF doctor Karianne Flaatten, an intensive care specialist, prefers to dwell on the children who will make it through. Here, as she well knows, they are the overwhelming majority. "This 15-year-old boy weighed no more than 20kgs," she says. "He was like a skeleton—he couldn't even open his eyes. For two weeks we were here at his bedside every day. Eventually, he started to look like a boy again. It really made me so happy; a shadow had transformed into a human being! Malnourished children always look somehow old and sad, and so adult. But with good nutritional treatment, before long they start to smile. You can start to look these children in the eye again."
Ethiopia,
Southern Ethiopia Nutrition Crisis
<|endofexample|>
Trigeminal Neuralgia – Causes, Symptoms And Treatment
Trigeminal neuralgia is the most common facial pain syndrome with paroxysmal character, representing one of the most unbearable pain. Also known as tic douloureux, trigeminal neuralgia has an incidence of 4.5 cases per 100,000 inhabitants and is characterized by recurrent episodes of pain, which starts in a small area of the face. Onset is most common in middle age, but have been reported cases with onset in childhood or in adolescence.
Trigeminal nerve is the largest of all the cranial nerves, is a mixed nerve and presents two components: a sensory component which is formed by somatic sensory fibers that carry pain, temperature and touch sensations from the face and a motor component formed by motor fibers that supply temporalis, pterygoid, tensor tympani, tensor palati, mylohyoid, and anterior belly of the digastric muscle.
Trigeminal Neuralgia Causes
The exact pathophysiology of trigeminal neuralgia is not well known, in most cases the cause is not evident, being an idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia. In a small percentage of cases, trigeminal neuralgia may occur due to structural lesions of the trigeminal nerve.
In most cases, trigeminal neuralgia is probably caused by the compression of an aberrant arterial or venous loop on the nerve root, produced where trigeminal root is entering into the pons. This mechanism first described by Jannetta in 1967 is still incriminated in 80% -90% of cases.
Pulsations of arterial or venous vascular loops that produce aberrant trigeminal root compression, are responsible for the appearance of demyelination areas in the trigeminal root, which causes a non-synaptic transmission between sensory, thick , myelinated fibers and small, thin fibers that transmit pain. Aberrant arterial loops most often originate from superior cerebellar artery and anterior inferior cerebellar artery.
In a lower proportion of cases, trigeminal neuralgia may be caused by a primary demyelination, as occurs in approximately 2% of cases of multiple sclerosis that is associated with trigeminal neuralgia.
Trigeminal Neuralgia Symptoms
The disease usually appears after age of 40 years, between 50 and 58 years, and most commonly affects females, the female/male ratio being 1,6:1 for women.
Trigeminal neuralgia is characterized by a paroxysmal, repetitive, very strong and lancianting pain that is lasting a few seconds, described by the patient as a sensation of electrical shocks that starts suddenly. Attacks occur daily for several weeks or months, followed by a period of remission that may last for years and then attacks may recur. The pain is always located unilaterally, is so strong and sudden that the patient is frightened, may grimace, wince, or make an aversive head movement, reason why trigeminal neuralgia is also called tic douloureux.
Paroxysmal pain attack lasts a few seconds, up to 20-30 seconds, rarely up to several minutes and during the day or night painful attacks can occur several times. The attack appear and disappear suddenly. Pain may occur spontaneously or is triggered by stimulation of specific areas located on the face, called trigger zones. Trigger zones are stimulated by low intensity stimuli, especially tactile or activities like teeth washing, yawning, talking, shaving and laughing. Pain may be precipitated by loud noises or bright stimuli. Most often the trigger zone is located on the nose or lips. After the active period of the disease, remissions can last for months or years, and recurrence of painful paroxysms is unpredictable.
Neuralgia occurs mostly on maxillary and mandibular branch, but were reported exceptional cases were neuralgia was located in the ophthalmic branch of the trigeminal nerve.
Neurological examination reveals no changes in trigeminal nerve territory, which is an argument for the diagnosis of idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia. In evolution, trigeminal neuralgia tends to deterioration, painful attacks have the tendency to increase in frequency and severity.
Trigeminal Neuralgia Treatment
Trigeminal neuralgia benefit from medical treatment and neurosurgical treatment. Because trigeminal neuralgia affects patients older than 50 years, medical treatment should represent the initial therapy. Medical therapy is often sufficient and effective, allowing surgical consideration only if pharmacologic treatment fails.
Medical Therapy
Carbamazepine is the drug of choice in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia. Dose should be increased gradually to obtain a maximum effect of the drug. After several weeks of symptoms improvement, the dose of carbamazepine may be decreased gradually. The most common side effects of carbamazepine are represented by skin rash, liver problems, ataxia and dizziness. Oxycarbamazepine has fewer side effects compared with carabamazepina and represent an other choice in trigeminal neuralgia.
Phenytoin, clonazepam, baclofen, gabapentin and lamotrigine may be used either alone or in combination with carbamazepine.
Baclofen is the second choice in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia, especially in relapse cases. Dose should be increased gradually to obtain a maximum effect and can be administered alone or in combination with phenytoin or carbamazepine.
Neurosurgical Procedures
Neurosurgical procedure are applied to cases that are unresponsive to drug therapy and consist of:
- Microvascular decompression;
- Percutaneous radiofrequency rhizotomy;
- Percutaneous radiofrequency trigeminal gangliolysis;
- Percutaneous microcompression with balloon inflation;
- Gamma knife surgery.
3 Responses to Trigeminal Neuralgia – Causes, Symptoms And Treatment
Respected sir
Iam living in india at cuddalore in tamilnadu state.
Now iam suffering from facial pain .(facial nerve pain) daignosed trigeminal neuralgia,since 10 years.
given carbamazipine,and prigabaline.Now stoped all drugs. because iam going to acupuncture treatment.but till now iam suffering from trigeminal nerve pain(madible and maxilary nerve).opthalmic nerve giving pain in the time of taking cabapentini.cabapentine is giving side effect to trigeminal opthalmic nerve.
kaindly i request to you sir,give proper direction to me for treatment.
thanking you
yours faithfully
s.sathiyarajmohan
All antiseizure drugs caused impairing fogginess. Eventually I found that topical LIDOCAINE 2% VISCOUS placed inside the upper lip at the very top would stop the pain. This is where your dentist injects novicaine (like lidocaine), the very end of one branch of the trigeminal nerve. Recently, I saw a neurologist who very wisely prescribed the ORAL form of lidocaine, “mexiletine” (Mexitil)capsules, 150 mg to start.
This durg stopped excruciating, overwhelming, exhausting pain within about 15 minutes! Incredible.
Sometimes I need a higher dose (max is 900 mg to avoid side effects; otherwise there are NO side effects). This drug is used for heart spasms of the lower part of the heart at a higher dose. But at this dose, below 900 mg, there is no heart effect.
It is very safe, without side effects, and extremely effective for “central” (originating in the brain as trigeminal neuralgia does) pain!
Ask your doctor for mexiletine/Mexitil. It is a long-proven drug, available all over the world.
If it ever stops working,I will have the “gamma knife” treatment.It does not involve opening up the skull,done at major medical centers by a neurosurgeon with very advanced and precise equipment (UCSF, Stanford, Univ of Washington). It takes a short time, and there is total remission within three weeks.
An old friend has had the gamma knife treatment four times now, each time lasting for 5-7 years, and has been able to give college lectures and travel widely to conferences to give presentations. She also publishes books on her work in literature (John Milton) and lectures on the psychoanalysis of pain in major medical schools–so she is urging me to get the gamma knife treatment ASAP. Meanwhile, Mexitil and using the lidocaine on gauze strips under my upper lip stop the pain! Completely.
Be sure to use the treatment as soon as possible after an attack begins to interrupt the pain to keep the pain gates from opening more. No reason to go through this.
My pain goes from the roof of my mouth, up through my sinus bone, through the eyelid and eyebrow, the forehead, and into the edge of the scalp. These sites spread after I had “shingles” on the same side about eight years ago; the pain had followed a dental infection (dry sccket)in a tooth next to the “eye tooth” in 2000.
I feel very, very lucky to have found both lidocaine (on the skin or in the mouth) and then Mexitil. Pain only recurs rarely now that the nerve is not being stimulated, I assume.
By the way, my pain was deemed “intractable”, since no drugs would interrupt it, and I was referred to a neurosurgeon for the gamma knife treatment. It is the most severe kind of trigeminal neuralgia. because it’s complicated by “post-herpetic neuralgia” (PHN)
Please ask your doctor for mexiletine (Mexitil is easier to spell);in the meantime, use the topical (surface) lidocaine– only the 2% viscous lidocaine will work. I was happy to find this specific form verified as uniquely effective in clinical research articles.
There is a lidocaine patch that’s used for severe pain, too, but I’d rather use this goo in my mouth than have a patch on my face. Some people put the lidocaine gel on their skin; I’ve used this for the sinus bone and eye pain in the past not as effective as putting it under your upper lip, good as a supplement. But try the oral capsule, the Mexitil, as well– much more effective. lasts for 4-8 hours.
<|endofexample|>
)?
Activity:
- very minimal patch removes the use of these temporary files:
<|endofexample|>
CATEGORIES
«« « 1 » »»
NumberMate is an arithmetic and scientific calculator, adding machine, and time calculator that documents calculations on multiple tapes which you can edit. It can make and record complex sets of interrelated calculations, print and save tapes.
License type : Free to try. • Released : November 25, 2006 • Downloads : 146 • Cost : $25.00
«« « 1 » »»
<|endofexample|>
$11: $19.99
MidWest Large Dog Crate
Starting from: $29.99
IN Diet Dog Supplement - Blue Label
Starting from: $10.99
Inhancer Joint Protection Nuggets - Green Label
Now: $12.99
Aluminum Pet ID Tag
Starting from: $4.99
Greenies Dog Dental Chew Treats Regular
Starting from: $28.99
Petite Greenies Dog Dental Chew Treats
Starting from: $32.99
LitterMaid Classic Mega Multi-Cat Litter Box
Now: $139.99
MidWest iCrate Folding DogCrate
Starting from: $21.99
R-7 Ear Cleaner Dog and Cat
Starting from: $5.99
LitterMaid Classic Litter Box
Now: $109.99
Soft and Chewy Buddy Biscuits
Starting from: $5.79
Cuz Dog Toy
Starting at: $3.19
Petrodex Dental Treats for Dog
Kong Safari Braidz Dog Toy
Starting at: $4.19
Nutri-Vet Shed Defense
Starting from: $8.99
Greenies Dog Dental Chew Treats Teenie
Starting from: $16.99
Excel Brewer's Yeast Large Breed Mega Tabs
Now: $7.99
Greenies Dog Dental Chew Treats Large
Product Reviews by Customers
<|endofexample|>
Our seminal anthology is now available with free worldwide postage and 20% off! Features Nancy A. Collins, Eugie Foster, Janice Lee, Rachel Kendall, Candy Caradoc, Mysty Unger, Roberta Lawson, Sara Genge, Gina Ranalli, Deb Hoag, Caroline M. Yoachim, Flavia Testa, Aimee C. Amodio, Ann Hagman Cardinal, Rachel Turner, Katie Coyle, Helen Burke, Janis Butler Holm, Carol Novack, Tanytra Bensko, Nancy DiMauro, Aliette de Bodard, J.S. Breukelaar, C. M. Vernon, Moira McPartlin and Wendy Jane Muzlanova.
£11.54 (save £1.45, 11% off RRP) from The Book Depository Free delivery worldwide (to all these countries) Usually dispatched within 24 hours Add to basket Japanese school children grow giant frogs, a superhero grapples with her secret identity, onions foretell global disasters and an undercover agent is ambivalent as to which side he works for [...]
<|endofexample|>
Every once in a while I come across a headline that makes me laugh for reasons the headline artist (we call them headtists) probably didn't want.
Today we have Golf.com's headline on a story about Sergio Garcia and his future. The link and headline reads, "No. 2 Garcia now aims at major wins and Tiger."
While the headline shouldn't get all the blame, Sergio should. His quote in the story had me scratching my head with a 4-inch nail.
``I think my next goal is trying to win a major,'' Garcia said Monday.
Hummmm. Well, call me crazy, but I thought Sergio was trying to win a major the last few years. You know, with all those seconds and British Open playoffs and such. I mean, maybe he was just trying to finish in the top-5 without winning a major just to prep himself for that quote.
Wait, is Sergio smarter than we all initially thought? He had this whole thing planned out like a television series? What a jerk.
1 comment:
]
<|endofexample|>
Answers Home
» Health & Wellness
» Medications
human medicine you can give dog
What human medications can you safely give a 35 lb dog. My vet charged me $14 for 4 pills that are anti inflamitory. I have seen low dose asprin 81 mg in the Jeffers pet catalog alot cheaper than that.
Asked by
Member 1091896
on Feb 13th 2012
Tagged
in Medications
Status
- Cast your vote for which answer you think is best!
Answers
What did he prescribe? There are some medications from the vet that are a combination of anti-inflammatory and pain med. I have given my dogs baby aspirin in the past. Dogs are also tolerant of benadryl and low dose tylenol. Guess it just depends what you're looking to do.While I understand wanting to save money - its important to know why your vet is giving a particular med and what it does. Straying from that can have unwanted consequences.
Bella
answered on 2/13/12.
Helpful?
/
0
Tylenol is NOT safe for dogs as they metabolize it differently from humans and it will destroy their livers.
Even baby aspirin can cause intestinial bleeds in dogs and should be avoided if at all possible. Most NSAIDS for dogs ARE formulated differently from human meds since dogs digestive systems are so much different from humans and are sensitive to different drug activity.
I would ask your vet to give you a prescription and then order the drugs from some place online like pet med or a place like that.
Perhaps your vet will price match if he knows you are going to order them elsewhere, my vet will do that if you ask for a written prescription.
Toto, CD, RN, CGC
answered on 2/13/12.
Helpful?
/
2
If you're wanting an anti-inflammatory supplement, I highly recommend giving Traumeel tablets by (Heel). I take these and so do my dogs. My dog had really bad arthritis, so bad that we were fixing to put him down because he could barely walk on his own and when I started giving him Traumeel tablets by (Heel) he can walk and run on all fours with no problem.
Curcumin and yucca are also great supplements that would be great anti-inflammatory supplements. Yucca by Nature's Way and Curcumin by Life Extension are both great products, highly recommend them.
Howard
answered on 2/15/12.
Helpful?
/
0
<|endofexample|>
was Tonya's day to work, so she brought Skye for me to play with. We got all the Christmas stuff out and she and Mom took some photos of some of us. Mom was looking thru all her photos and she said she couldn't find hardly any Christmas ones of us. Probably cuz they take photos of those boarding and grooming dogs for their owners over at work... remember the old story of the cobblers children having no shoes??? Well, it's like that around here too. Anyway, Mom didn't have the good flash over at work so she said it wasn't a very good day to do black dogs. She is always complaining about us black dogs...either it's too dark or it's too bright, or something. Skye did get one that she thought was cute so Mom put it on my page. Personally, I thought I looked pretty stupid, maybe even drunk, with my head cocked off to the side like that.
Man, last night I made a very big mistake in Mom's bed!!! She got up to feed Tyson and for some reason, I had to pee really bad, so I did it on her pillow. To confess here, I have been doing that for a few days now but she didn't know it was me until last night. She got very mad and made me sleep the rest of the night in my crate. I can't help it, Winter is dry and it makes me drink more and, as we all know, what goes in comes out!!!! I promised I wouldn't do it tonight... if I do she's gonna take me off to the vets!!! Not fair, not fair at all!!!!!
Name*
Mail* (will not be published)
Website
Fields marked with * are required
Receive email notification when others comment on the diary
Anti-spam Challenge:
3 + 6 =
Family Pets
Subscribe
(What does RSS do?)
Visit Catster
<|endofexample|>
Raw Food Diet > Ticks. natural remedies?
Dog Health > Titer Result Questions
Food & Nutrition > Not eating as consistantly
Food & Nutrition > Found a great deal on buffalo bully sticks!
Food & Nutrition > Bestbullysticks alternative?
Dog Health > What supplements do you add to your dogs food?
Dog Health > Homeopathic Parvo Remedies
Dog Health > overdose on heartguard 4x amt
Behavior & Training > Looking for dog training/psychology literature
Behavior & Training > Looking for dog training/psychology literature
PLEASE NOTE: Due to the rapid nature of forum postings, it's quite possible our calculation of the number of ensuing forum posts may be off by one or two or more at any given moment.
<|endofexample|>
)
- experiment (10)
- failure (2)
- functional materials (8)
- magnetism (2)
- metals (15)
- microstructure (6)
- optical properties (5)
- phase transformations (7)
- Raman spectroscopy (1)
- steel (3)
- thermal properties (3)
- thermodynamics (7)
- Currently showing
-<<.
>.
<|endofexample|>
Thank you for visiting the Wisconsin Department of Justice. We exist to protect public safety and to serve the people of this great state. It is my honor, as your Attorney General, to stand alongside the outstanding men and women of law enforcement, and those who prosecute crime, as we carry out this mission.
- Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen
- Fighting Crime
- Victim Assistance
- Consumer Protection
- Media Center
- About Department of Justice
- Topical Index
<|endofexample|>
Public Screening Workshop - Special International Edition of Docs in Progress & NomadsLand.com
When: Sunday, February 17, 2008 at 6:30pm EST
Where: Busboys and Poets DC / 2021 14th St. NW / Washington DC 20009
Tickets: $5
The two winning projects (see below) will be screened in whole. Each rough cut will be discussed and critiqued by a live audience of filmmakers and film aficionados. If the filmmakers cannot make it to Washington DC, they will join in the discussion via Skype.
COMRADES
D: Dean Hamer
Struggling against 5000 years of Confucian tradition and a communist government that views any type of organizing with suspicion, China's gay community is finding a way to fit into the fabric of modern society without hiding who they really are.
CASA (HOUSE)
D: Luis Alaejos / Raúl Díez Alaejos
In what was once the tallest building in all of South America, 1500 neighbors of all social classes co- exist. This is a portrait of the Palacio Salvo and its occupants: artists of little and great renown, recent arrivals attracted by the building's bohemian atmosphere, those who want to leave, but can't, and those who are the ghosts of a building's faded past.
Excerpts from the winning films and the other finalists available at NomadsLand.
DOCS IN PROGRESS
Docs in Progress was founded in 2004 by Washington-DC area documentary filmmakers Adele Schmidt and Erica Ginsberg. Its mission is to give independent documentary filmmakers the opportunity to get feedback on their works in progress from other filmmakers and those who love documentaries; to enlighten the public on documentary, and to build and support the documentary community in Washington DC. For more information, visit
NOMADSLAND
NomadsLand is the destination on the web for global social issue media. We are a worldwide creative community of filmmakers, video producers, citizen journalists, bloggers and vloggers banding together in a single place to provide feature films, news features, documentaries, travelogues, video reports and essays that explore the pressing social and political issues of our time. NomadsLand is strictly open source. Anyone can register an account – professional journalists, filmmakers, essay writers, video journalists and aspiring amateurs. For more information, visit
<|endofexample|>
Why You Should Consider Online GMAT Prep
The [...]
Business School Recommendations – Expert Tips
MBA Recommendations: Selecting Recommenders By Paul S. Bodine, Paul Bodine Admissions Consulting While you wait for business schools to release their applications for the upcoming admissions season, now’s a good time to start thinking seriously about your recommenders. Ask a roomful of admissions officials what they value most in a recommendation letter, and you’ll probably [...] [...]
MBA Adcom Interview – Hult International Business School
Getting [...]
GMAT Functions – Understanding Algebraic Functions
How, [...]
<|endofexample|>
“I’ll keep you in my thoughts.”
These comforting words are sometimes substituted for the more typical expression of sympathy and consolation: “I’ll keep you in my prayers.” But what does it mean to keep someone in your thoughts? Should we say such a thing?
I suspect that the reason for the modification is that referring to “thoughts” can seem to be less contentious than referring to “prayers.” The former expresses sympathy, but softens the philosophical and theological baggage tied to “prayers.” After all, prayer is an act of begging. As such, it is directed to someone, namely, God. Since God and religion are treated as essentially private matters in our society, it might seem pushy to bombard a non-believer with promises of prayer. Besides, if the point is to sympathize and to console—to do a kind act to someone in need—then there is no need to get God involved.
But are thoughts adequate for consolation?
Here I would like to refer to the great 19th century critic of Christianity, Friedrich Nietzsche. In his book The Antichrist, Nietzsche offers a somewhat surprising criticism of his contemporaries. He argues that Christianity, which he calls the “religion of pity,” is opposed to what makes human life excel and thrive. His reasoning is simple enough. “Suffering,” he says, “is made contagious by pity.” Pity, according to Nietzsche, preserves what is most miserable in life and acts as a “depressant.” For what is pity but suffering because of someone else’s suffering?
Although I am far from accepting Nietzsche’s criticism, either in whole or part, one must admit that there is some sense to it. What if “pity” were set up as the chief virtue, as Nietzsche claims some of his contemporaries had done? The answer is simple: suffering and destruction would be seen as ends in themselves. In this way, so-called pity would exalt suffering as a good in itself. Nietzsche is right in saying that it is absurd to exalt suffering in this way.
For the Christian especially, sympathetic thoughts are a form of co-suffering. We take on mental and spiritual anguish alongside our friends and neighbors. To the ancient Greeks, true pagans, this is incomprehensible. The tranquility of mind which is the end of the good life seems directly opposed to thoughts which upset and disturb the mind.
But on account of the crucified Galilean, suffering is transformed. It becomes a subordinate and instrumental means of merit. It is not undergone for its own sake, but for the sake of something greater out of charity. Without charity, Christ’s suffering would not be wonderful, it would be sadistic.
As the inheritors of the residue of a Christian culture, we stand in much the same position as those Nieztsche was criticizing. They tried to have it both ways—to preserve the outer shell of Christian morality, while disregarding its distinctive religious claims. Thus, such pity could be easily disparaged by Nieztsche, since the willingness to co-suffer is meaningless apart from Christ.
But in Christ suffering gains an ontological weight. Uniting ourselves to the very Cross of Christ, we “co-suffer with Him” (sympaschomen) that we may be “co-glorified with Him” (syndoxasthōmen) (cf. Romans 8:17).
Now, if the promise of sympathetic thoughts is given as a mere formality, then one could make the gesture without the least thought of Christ. We simply need something nice to say— it would be terribly awkward to say nothing—and so we fill in the blank space with a Hallmark card. But if true consolation is intended by the offering of one’s thoughts, then it turns out that the philosophical and religious presuppositions behind such “thoughts” are even deeper than those behind “prayers,” because compassionate thoughts assume a theology of suffering which is distinctively Christian. If the offer of one’s thoughts in sympathy is to actually mean something in its own right, then this offering must be united with the cross, which alone gives meaning to suffering.
Let us remember that Christ Himself bore us in His thoughts in His agony in Gethsemane, and that He thirsted in hope for our salvation on the Cross. And the Apostle, too, bore the “the daily pressure… of [his] anxiety for all the churches” (2 Cor 11:28). Indeed, such “slight momentary affliction” prepares for us “an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison” (2 Cor 4:17).
✠
Image: Tsvetana Kalaykova, Tears – The Silent Language of Grief
<|endofexample|>
Lexus Donation Pickup in All 50 States
Donate Lexus to Charity
Donate your Lexus to the charity of your choice. FREE towing from anywhere! Non-running, junk and salvage autos are acceptable. In addition to car donations we accept boat, truck, RV, motorcycle, jet ski, snowmobile, plane and real estate donations.
Lexus Donation and Non-Profit Charities
<|endofexample|>
Boa, 2011,Oil on canvas, 64 x 59"
Devorah Jacoby : Friends, Family and Other Misfits
March 1 – April 15, 2010
Reception for the Artist, Saturday, March 6, 6 to 8pm
Two full years after her last exhibition, Devorah Jacoby advances in both her painterly style and her wry explorations of the complex world that we live in.
Devorah Jacoby’s paintings are psychologically savvy. They expose the multiple layers of human interaction and explore the duality between the need to belong and the desire to be separate. They grapple with real and complex impulses and dynamics found in all relationships. The paintings are both fierce and beautiful, in one presenting a woman stepping over dogs fornicating on the stairs, in another a woman emerging from a roof, with a child on her back, contemplating flight.
There’s humor to Jacoby’s work, strange and dark, while the colors and brushstrokes suggest that her characters are both enchanted and frightened by the world they inhabit.
Inspired by such artists as Marlene Dumas and the Verist portrait painters Max Beckmann, Otto Dix, Christian Schad and Egon Schiele, Jacoby’s expression is a painterly one. She moves masterfully between detailed imagery and abstraction, delighting in the process.
Devorah Jacoby, is an abstract / figurative painter. Her sources of inspiration are her own life experiences, nature, and the objects of everyday life that surround her. Color, texture, and patterns also fascinate her and are a characteristic theme that is frequently present in her work.
Ms. Jacoby feels that painting has enabled her to reflect upon her environment with a sensitive perspective, and uses the oil paint's richfullness, versatility,and body to help her with her vision. Before exploring art, Ms. Jacoby worked for many years as a licensed psychotherapist. She now uses this strong psychological background as a foundation for her art.
<|endofexample|>
Rates & dates
3-day weekend vacation packages
We have tour packages available for people traveling as couples or on their own. You also get your choice of rooms.
- June 21-23, 2013
- July 19-21, 2013
- August 23-25, 2013
- September 13-15, 2013
Included in each 3-day tour package:
- 3 daily guided bicycle tours
- 2 nights at the Eagle Harbor Inn in Ephraim, Wisconsin
- 2 breakfasts, 2 lunches, 1 dinner
- Paid admission to planned events
- Support vehicle
- A Door County Bike Tours t-shirt
3-day tour prices
Deposits
Space is limited. A $500 deposit is required to hold your spot and enable us to plan for your participation. Guests paying by check will receive a $25 discount.
We accept payment by check and credit card (MasterCard®, Visa®, and Discovery®). To protect our customers, we do not accept payment through our web site.
Cancellations
If you cancel your reservation, we must receive notice at least 30 days prior to the start of your tour. If we receive your cancellation 30 days before the tour, we will refund your entire deposit minus a $25 administration fee. If we receive your cancellation after that date, we cannot guarantee to refund your deposit. We will make every effort to provide you a refund or a credit toward a future tour, if we are able to fill your spot.
Policies
Each participant will be required to complete a liability waver before the tour begins. (Yes, it’s a pain, but our legal counsel says it’s a necessary pain.)
Questions? Contact us.
<|endofexample|>
Product Type: Orchard Toys board games
Newest Review: ... it takes less than 5 minutes to do all of this and it is easy to assign a job to the children playing to get it done quicker. There are fo... more
A great game to get children excited about maths
Orchard Toys Pop to the Shops
Product:
Orchard Toys Pop to the Shops
Date: 31/08/11
Rating:
Advantages: Colourful, fun and educational
Disadvantages: Younger children need a lot of support.
Summary: This is a wonderful game which you could use toteach your children about money and shopping
More reviews in the field of Board Game
- LB Group Free Time 4 Kids Mega Snakes & Ladders Game
- Kamtronik Football Legend, The Ground Breaking New
- John Waddington Careers
- Imagination Games Top Gear The Boardgame
- Imagination Games GoGo's Crazy Bones
- Monopoly Junior Party Game
- Countdown Board Game
- Angry Birds Board Game
- Eggheads Board Game
- Drumond Park Eggheads Trivia and Quiz Game
<|endofexample|>
Life's Rich Pageant - R.E.M. Reviews
Newest Review: ... needed to release an album per year: look at today's periodic and bloated outputs and try to argue against the idea that ... more
Customer Life's Rich Pageant - R.E.M. Reviews (7)
by - written on 26/11/10 (Very useful, 108 readings)
Rating:
An exchange I had on numerous occasions from Autumn '92 to Christmas '93. Other person: 'Oooooh, I absolutely love R.E.M.!! I've got both their CDs!!' Me: 'Would that be the R.E.M. who've now released 8 studio albums, then?' Other person: 'Oh.' R.E.M. crawled from the south (specifically the university town of Athens, Georgia) in 1980. Vocalist Michael Stipe and guitarist Peter Buck met in the record store where the latter worked in 1978, and a couple of years later they hooked up with the rhythm section of (in grand teenage style, sworn enemies who'd become best friends) preppie-esque bassist Mike Mills and drummer Bill Berry, owner of ... Read the complete review
by - written on 11/05/09 (Very useful, 26 readings)
Rating:
When my girlfriend asked me why I was writing a review for an R.E.M. album when I've been listening to Pearl Jam all day long, my reply was that this is what my soul desires. It's not a cheesy reply; seriously, this is one of the greatest albums ever released. And you know why? Because it's unknown and pretty obscure. R.E.M. is one of those great American bands that didn't become famous overnight but they managed to build a great fan base as each year went by. What's amazing is that they released 6 albums in less than 6 years during the 1980's. What's even more amazing is that those old-school R.E.M. albums are fantastic albums, and they have a very vital ... Read the complete review
by - written on 26/10/05 (Very useful, 991 readings)
Rating:
"Lifes Rich Pageant" (no apostrophe!), REM's fourth studio album after "Murmur", "Reckoning" and "Fables of the Reconstruction" was released on the IRS label in 1986. Guitarist Peter Buck explains the apostrophe-less title as follows: "We all hate apostrophes. Michael insisted and I agreed that there's never been a good rock album that's had an apostrophe in the title." I don't know what Lynne Truss would have to say about that, but seeing as it's REM, I'll forgive them their punctuation sins. This was the first REM album I ever heard, in about 1987. I thought it was fantastic then and its appeal has definitely ... Read the complete review
by - written on 29/09/01, updated on 29/09/01 (Very useful, 169 readings)
Rating:
Back when i was first buying music, i came accross REM's 1994 album 'Monster'. Seeing as how i loved this album to death, i pretty much bought their entire back catalogue (on tape as my battered old stereo didn't have a CD player). This album though is the absolute business. It's hard to imagine a band consistently making a new record every year making great albums year in, year out, but REM did it! This is from 1986, 3 years after making their acclaimed debut record, 'Murmur' (excellent album as well!). After 1984's 'Reckoning', 1985's 'Fables of the Reconstruction' and before their 1987 breakthrough record, ... Read the complete review
by - written on 12/02/01, updated on 12/02/01 (Very useful, 123 readings)
Rating:
The title's a phrase from Inspector Clouseau (from "A shot in the dark"), but why REM chose it as the title to their fourth album is, like Michael Stipe's vocals at the time, about as clear as mud. It's not, for one thing, a mumbling Clouseau-like collection - it is a rich mix of tracks, though, and contains some of my favourite REM songs. At the time of its release, REM were still a cult band, in the UK at any rate, they were yet to have a chart hit here (that would come with "The one I love" from the album that was to follow "Life's rich pageant"). However, this album did seem to be beckoning towards a more mainstream ... Read the complete review
Products Similar to Life's Rich Pageant - R.E.M.
Dead Letter Office - R.E.M. -
'Bandwagon' and some good covers.
Nowhere near as good as other REM releases.
Bring On The Night - Sting -
Live, Fun, Great Listening (advice - play LOUD)
Doesn't feature Polcie classics and not one to relax to or for when you have a headache.
Document - R.E.M. -
Catchy melodies, sharp production, inspiring lyrics
None
Eponymous - R.E.M. -
the very very best of early REM, shows their roots, shows their maturity in music, some less well known but brilliant songs
it might take a little time to grow on you
The Very Best of Lobo - Lobo -
Some well written songs, good voice
Uses the best three songs first and is all rather gooey
Chronicle: 20 Greatest Hits - Creedence Clearwater Revival - Pop Rock - 2006
<|endofexample|>
Pictionary - uDraw (Wii) Reviews
Product Type: THQ Wii games
Description:Model ID NWOECRTHQ13901 /
Newest Review: ... Technically speaking you do really need four players to play this game in teams and accurately but to be honest my son and I ... more
Price Comparison for Pictionary - uDraw (Wii)
Customer Pictionary - uDraw (Wii) Reviews (1)
by - written on 04/08/12 (Very useful, 60 readings)
Rating:
For my son's birthday in May my brother bought him a uDraw tablet for the wii as it was something that we thought he would enjoy and so I decided to buy him a couple of games to go with it. One of the games I bought was Pictionary which I thought would be enjoyed by my son but also by myself and friends when they call round. The Pictionary game comes in a standard looking wii box but on the top left there is the uDraw logo and you are also told that it requires the uDraw tablet which is sold separately so there is no danger of you getting it home and then realising you can't play it because you don't have the tablet! The game is suitable for players aged ... Read the complete review
Products Similar to Pictionary - uDraw (Wii)
Puss in Boots (Wii) -
Good graphics and impression just like the movie.
Not that entertaining and way to short.
Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights (Wii)
De Blob 2 (Wii) -
Fun, colourful, and entertaining
None really.
Penguins of Madagascar - Dr. Blowhole Returns Again - uDraw (Wii) -
Fun, bright, entertaining
Not for older children
Spongebob Boating Bash (Wii) -
cheap, driving test part not too bad
<|endofexample|>
Mutsy Spider Reviews
Product Type: Mutsy prams, pushchairs and strollers
Newest Review: ... material with rubber reinforced areas & a shoulder strap for ease of carrying. The Spider looks very compact when folded ... more
Price Comparison for Mutsy Spider
Customer Mutsy Spider Reviews (2)
by - written on 15/10/09 (Very useful, 290 readings)
Rating:
As a fan of anything colourful and funky (& usually totally impractical I might add), the Mutsy Spider pushchair really jumped out at me whilst flicking through a nursery catalogue. The picture I first saw was of the shocking pink variant....and I loved it! But, 20 weeks into the pregnancy, baby turned out to be a he, & thoughts of the pink pushchair dwindled... Then after seeing the pushchair in person & realising that the 'Ocean' turquoise was pretty damn funky too, I just had to have it! The Mutsy Spider isn't intended for use as a primary pushchair, but as a lightweight, compact variant. As most mums soon realise, it's always ... Read the complete review
by - written on 17/11/08 (Very useful, 184 readings)
Rating:
The Mutsy spider is a very trendy looking stroller that will definetly get you noticed. we had this when my daughter was 1 and a half as an alternative to the quinny zapp as the zapp does not lay down when baby is asleep and i dint like that. this pram lies back quite far and is easy to adjust. The spider has all the extras of a more technical pram with the benefits of a lightweight buggy. The lightweight frame folds with ease into an very small, compact unit which is great for storage or transportation and has the option of a bag to place the pram in which is great when traveling abroad. the pram was available in Bright Blue, Ocean, Red, Purple and Black ... Read the complete review
Products Similar to Mutsy Spider
Mothercare Messenger Change Bag -
Lots of room for everything a baby needs
Perhaps the fastening should be a bit stronger but not really a big deal
Mothercare Mino Plus Stroller
Mutsy Urban Rider College Red -
Easy manoeuvrability, largely very comfortable and great looking
Heavy if not dismantled and the duo seat is disappointing
Peg Perego Venezia Single SA -
reversable handle
hard to push when facing you, not the best in the price range
<|endofexample|>
The Kiss - Danielle Steel Reviews
Description:ISBN 0552148520 /
Newest Review: ... fond of. The story is detailed in part and then scant of information elsewhere, I was able to keep reading it- so it wasn't ... more
Price Comparison for The Kiss - Danielle Steel
Customer The Kiss - Danielle Steel Reviews (1)
by - written on 21/07/09 (Very useful, 42 readings)
Rating: ... Read the complete review
Products Similar to The Kiss - Danielle Steel
Playing Away - Adele Parks -
Nice writing style, Entertaining
Not keen on the language at times
American Psycho - Bret Easton Ellis -
Descriptive and detailed introduction to the main character
Exceptionally gory and in some parts over Hollywood-a-fied
The Alchemist - Paulo Coelho -
Easy to read, Wonderful language, This is a book that WILL change your life
None. No, wait, it's too short
Rogue - Danielle Steel -
A good story
Predictable, stereo typical characters
Summer's End - Danielle Steel -
good storey
<|endofexample|>
Upper Susquehanna
Jim Curatolo, Watershed Coordinator for the Upper Susquehanna Coalition, identifies two key components in developing management opportunities within a watershed. One is to have a point person that develops and provides the link between and among a network of interested and involved citizens throughout the watershed and a network of interested governmental agencies. The second is having access to a Geographic Information System (GIS).
Jim, who coordinated the efforts of the Upper Susquehanna Coalition with a broad network of local citizens and local government agencies, sees GIS as a valuable tool for mobilizing activities, pushing projects forward, advocating for funds, and implementing projects throughout the watershed’s 15 counties. Working with area farmers, best management practices were implemented on local farms, reducing nutrient and sediment loads to the Susquehanna River and its tributaries.
To address chronic flooding within the watershed and the associated problems of erosion, habitat loss, and water quality degradation, the Coalition used GIS to gather information about the watershed, track changes over time, and locate potential wetland creation and restoration opportunities. By storing flood waters, wetlands provide for groundwater recharge and slow runoff during storm events.
The resulting wetlands program focuses on creating and restoring wetlands in key locations throughout the watershed. The wetlands provide flood attenuation and improve habitat, water quality, and recreational opportunities. The wetlands program has been successful in completing many projects, including a 40-acre wetland complex in the Seeley Creek watershed among the over 400 acres already constructed. These wetland creation projects also enhance in-stream habitat in the Susquehanna River’s tributaries by helping to dampen high velocity stream flows that tend to erode streambanks.
The Upper Susquehanna Coalition has also been instrumental in developing several watershed management plans. As headwaters of the Susquehanna River and the Chesapeake Bay, watershed management in the Catatonk and Seeley Creeks benefit downstream water quality beyond their own watersheds. Both plans represent a strategic process to managing flooding, habitat degradation, and streambank erosion. With prioritized projects and opportunities for restoration and protection, these plans not only address water quality within the Catatonk and Seeley Creek watersheds, but address issues that are important for the entire Chesapeake Bay.
This case study appears in Chapter 4 of the Watershed Plans Guidebook.
<|endofexample|>
What? Luke is 11 months old? How did that happen? OK, well …I’ll just try to keep it together. I don’t understand why this is going by so quickly. Here we are almost a year later, and these dogs are still pretty great. Now that little Lukifer we brought home has turned into a darling, sweet, smiling, bend-in-half-wagging-at-you sweetheart. Everyone loves Luke. He’s adorable. If you want to make this little guy’s day, just say hi.
Daily Dog: Luke is 11 months
9
<|endofexample|>
Sven2k wrote:Please excuse us , hmm well so I don't stay of topic I'd like to change my name
Current: Sven2k
Desired: Sven
Sven_ wrote:Current: Sven_
Desured: Sven2k
Grave_ wrote:Month gone long time.
Current: Grave_
Desired: GravedamN
Current gf: n/a
Desired gf: Miss Sahadeo / Nina Dobrev / Selena Gomez / Dani Filth
Spades wrote:Okay FTW, my Request isn't done yet but I'm ...
okay mayber Two is colorblind with my profile
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 0 guests
<|endofexample|>
Dotted Eyes Ltd, 67-71 Northwood Street, Birmingham, B3 1TX +44 (0)121 232 8000
We are a team of acknowledged specialists with 20 years’ experience leading the field. While our core focus is healthcare and local government, our reach and experience spans over 1,200 customers in a wide range of other sectors. This is what gives us our unique perspective of your needs.
When we work with you, we look to add to your capabilities rather than replace them. We aim to deliver a great project by providing you with a solution that you fully understand and can maintain and grow in the future.
If you think you’ve got what it takes to be part of the Dotted Eyes team, then check out our latest job openings for a GIS Consultant and Software Engineer.
In recent years, we have helped local schools by taking time out to contribute to their environment. Examples include building an outdoor chess set and play area for a Primary School in Bromsgrove and refurbishing a Forest School in Worcester. It’s hard work but really rewarding.
We are here to help you by sharing the load and helping you to automate the processing. We can do this by:
We use your data to create a common thread. We link mapping data to your operational data to create correlations and linkages. This process helps you to understand your business and make better business decisions. We help you to solve questions, such as ‘How many customers are within 20 minutes of all of my clinics?’ or ‘How can we balance the delivery of our service better?’ The answer comes in the form that best suits your need – maps, spreadsheets, workshops and charts – whatever drives your business the best.
Our service re-design solutions help you to make the extra productivity jump by looking at your operations from a different perspective. We work with you to define the ROI goals and then combine your business rules, with our advanced mapping technologies and methodologies, to model a more efficient service.
We may be looking to increase the number of customer visits that can be made in a day or restructure services so that they can be delivered when there is demand for them. Our solutions improve the experience for your customers and your staff, as well as giving you the visibility that you need to make change moving forward.
Our team has years of coding and software delivery experience behind them, but their strongest skills are in understanding your needs. Once we have worked with you to capture your requirements, we then define the tools for the job.
Our solutions range from simple operational tools that help with a specific task – such as allocating resources – through to enterprise systems that capture, collate and publish information to the people who need it. Sometimes we don’t code at all. Instead we transfer the skills to you so that your team can deliver the solution by themselves.
We can work with your data and business rules and deliver training in context, or we use our proven experience to teach you from our standard content. We can come to your offices and work with you, or you can come to us if you want to get out of your environment and away from distractions. We hold public courses where you will learn from peers from other organisations, or alternatively we can deliver training just for you and your colleagues. The choice is yours.
"The trainer was excellent, teaching a brilliant but very complex piece of software. His excellent in-depth knowledge of the product and his professionalism throughout the training resulted in this course being one of the best and most beneficial courses I have ever attended" - Nottingham City Council.
We run and attend a number of events throughout the year to support our customers and partners. It would be great to see you at one of them.
Dotted Eyes continues to add real value to the UK FME community with a series of innovative FME events….
It’s freezing cold and once the snow and ice melts, it will only be a short time that the numerous…
So we have been supplying the British Geological Survey with FME and associated services for a while, and they have…
We have worked with Pitney Bowes Software (formerly MapInfo) for over 15 years. Our Premier Partner status gives us skills…
t: +44 (0)121 232 8000
f: +44 (0)121 212 9427
e: info@dottedeyes.com
<|endofexample|>
Douglas High School’s cross country teams were back in action last week running in a triangular meet in Tucson with Empire and Sabino.In the boys race Empire came in first with 30 points while Douglas and Sabino tied for second with 48. The Bulldogs won the tiebreaker when their No. 6 runner finished ahead of Sabino’s No. 6 runner.
There were 27 runners in the race and Sabino’s Sawyer Sprung was the overall winner finishing with a time of 17:39.
Ricky Larez led Douglas finishing fifth overall with a time of 19:10.37; Ricky Melendez was sixth with a time of 19:19.53; Gustavo Melendez was ninth with a time of 19:38; Jesus Loreto, 12th with a 19:49.48; Alonso Sodari was 18th with a time of 21:31 and Manny Acedo’s 21st place finish gave the Bulldogs second place as he finished with a time of 21:51.
In the girls race which featured 17 runners, Sabino was first with 24 points while Empire was second with 49 and Douglas did not score.
Sabino’s Jaclyn Sampson was the overall winner finishing with a time of 21:47. Emeri Melendez led Douglas finishing third overall with a time of 24:14. Karla Loreto followed in fourth place with a time of 24:25 and Laura Hurtado was fifth with a time of 24:28.
The DHS runners were in Tombstone this past Tuesday running at the Justin Prevatte Invitational.
<|endofexample|>
I thought I'd write one mail about this, rather than duplicate the whole thing to both v1.2.15 and v2.0.5 release announcements. So, ever since this commit: 2009-11-10 Timo Sirainen <tss at iki.fi> * src/plugins/acl/acl-backend-vfile.c: acl: Merge group rights if user belongs to more than one. [76ff6831c9ae] The ACLs were being merged, rather than fully replaced, a bit too often. Since this is about merging, the problem could have happened only when using more than one entry in the ACL file. The main problems created by this were: a) If admin wanted to remove some rights from mailboxes in user's private namespace (e.g. symlinked shared mailboxes), they may not have gotten removed. b) When mixing up multiple ACL entries, such as groups/users the more specific entry may not have replaced the previous entry (e.g. group-override may not have worked as expected). The bug happened when two or more ACL entries of same "type" existed. The first entry was handled correctly, but the next ones may have only been adding ACLs rather than replacing them. For example if you had the following ACL file: group=people lrwi user=foo lr user=bar lr So basically everyone in "people" group should have "lrwi" rights, but foo and bar users should have only "lr" rights. If foo and bar didn't belong to people group, everything would work as expected. If they did, then what would happen is: * foo would work correctly, because it was the first entry of user type. * bar would keep "lrwi" rights, because the previous entry (user=foo) was of the same type (both are "user" type), so Dovecot decided to add the rights on top of group=people entry rather than replace them. BTW. The other ACL bug/"feature" of automatically adding admin rights that was fixed in v1.2.15 was already fixed in v2.0.beta2.
<|endofexample|>
Hi, I'm running CentOS 4 in a X86_64 server with dovecot. I've been having some (already reported by others) problems. For example, sometimes - randomly - a mbox file wil get a couple of lines at the beggining of the mbox file (/var/spool/mail/user), before the first From line, and dovecot will complain that that file is not a mbox file. Also, neither sylpheed nor thunderbird would get new mail via imap a second time (I have to kill thunderbird, then run it again so it would give me the new mails). But I'm more concerned by the mbox corruption. so I want to upgrade, but to what? 0.99.14? But in says that dovecot-1.0 is recommended. But it also says -alpha! (not even beta: alpha). There is also a stable branch, but it's not the recommended one (or is it?). Can anyone point me to a stable version that addresses the mbox corruption issue, or if there isn't such a version, any idea of when it will be ready? Thank you. -- Diego.
<|endofexample|>
download25.comYour free TOP 25 download source!
Quick Links
Featured Software
EF Find is a powerful search program also inside archive files.
Easiest and most comprehensive way to keep your PC running smooth and error free
Color Toolkit - A Color Picker, Color Generator & more
convert video to portable media player
Powerful multiuser feature packed scriptable easy to use clipboard extender
Downloading ... edb-to-pst.exe
EDB Recovery Tool - edb-to-pst.exe(4.10 MB)
<|endofexample|>
Hamster Free Zip Archiver Download
Hamster Free ZIP Archiver.
Pros:
Nice utility program that I have been using for several months for file and registry maintenance. Offers easy to use and stylish interface. Nice features such as file splitting and password protection.All the regular features worked fine,
<|endofexample|>
India is aggressively shopping for nuclear fuel and technology to ramp up its energy production. What does it mean in terms of cost, technology and safety?
Patriarch of the nuclear family: Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh (Credit: REUTERS) India's desperate pursuit of nuclear energy will be expensive and risky. Small wonder industry wants to dilute its liability Commission.
The first phase envisaged setting up pressurized heavy water reactors and running them on uranium available in the country. In the process some of the uranium gets converted into plutonium, which is recovered from the spent fuel.
In the second stage, fast breeder reactors use a mix of recovered plutonium and depleted uranium. A blanket of thorium is put around the reactor, and some of it converts into uranium, which is extracted. In the third stage, uranium converted from thorium is used to fuel power plants. India is entering the second stage and it will take at least 20 years before it can generate electricity by using thorium. Reactors running on thorium are yet to be developed.
But setting energy targets is easier than meeting them. Even if India gets uranium immediately and overcomes the fear Chernobyl and Three Mile Island accidents evoke, several bottlenecks remain. Long timeframes and delays are one. Nuclear energy is capital-intensive and delays result in cost overruns, making it even more expensive..
Even in countries India is looking to for cooperation nuclear projects are marred by delays. In a recent ranking of nuclear utilities in the US, ranking service Moody's ranked the proposed nuclear reactors poorly in terms of viability due to cost overruns.
The second bottleneck is technology. Fast breeder reactors necessary for the second stage of India's nuclear programme are fraught with financial and health risks.
Plutonium used in them is 30,000 times more radioactive than uranium-235 used in heavy water reactors. Fast reactors generate a lot of heat in very small volume and use molten metals, like liquid sodium, to remove the heat. Since sodium burns on contact with air or water, a leak can be dangerous. These reactors are also costly to build and maintain, though they partially solve the problem of disposing of plutonium-rich spent fuel.
Worldwide, fast breeder reactors have been abandoned. The Superphn.
Scientists are working on advanced versions of fast reactors but they are not yet commercially available. "We aren't going to get much on the technical front. Countries would set up reactors on a turnkey basis, but won't give away their technology," said R Ramachandran, member of the Prime Minister's Council on Climate Change.
India's logic behind pushing for fast reactors is to be able to convert thorium into uranium. A prototype fast breeder reactor is under construction in Kalpakkam in Tamil Nadu.
M V Ramana, physicist at the Princeton University in usa, is not optimistic of its success. "The three-stage nuclear programme was an idea from the 1950s when no one knew that breeder reactors would be a technological failure, expensive and prone to accidents, and that reprocessing would be so costly," he said. "If the country does have to go nuclear, it should stay with heavy and light water reactors."
There is another hurdle.
The US has linked India's access to the enrichment and reprocessing technology, needed for the thorium stage, to signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. Australia has also refused to sell uranium to India unless it signed the treaty.
Ultimately, it is economic viability that will determine the success of nuclear energy projects. Financing up-front investment for nuclear plants is a challenge even in industrialized countries.
Nuclear energy in India is being supplied by heavy water reactors. A study by Ramana in 2007 showed the Department of Atomic Energy (dae) heavily subsidizes npcil to provide cheap heavy water (Rs 12,000 per kg). "Atomic energy is unlikely to be economically competitive if the true cost of producing heavy water is taken into account," wrote Ramana. Besides, cost overruns due to delay in construction of nuclear reactor are also borne by dae, and that keeps the price competitive with coal-fired thermal power plants.
Data available for construction of reactors at Kaiga and Rajasthan showed that even with an experience of setting up heavy water reactors, the cost overshot. While Kaiga was estimated to cost over Rs 730 crore, it ended up costing nearly four times (Rs 2,896 crore). The Rajasthan reactor was estimated at Rs 711 crore and cost Rs 2,511 crore. They were delayed by five-six years.
In 2004, dae projected a cost of Rs 3,400 crore for the prototype fast reactor in Kalpakkam and completion by 2010. An untested design, this reactor is unlikely to be finished in time and budget, said Ramana. A former head of dae had also warned of slips in the schedule and cost uncertainty, he added.
Imported reactors are not going to be cheaper. Areva's light water reactors are likely to cost India US $9,000 per kW, said Praful Bidwai, a political analyst and member of the Coalition for Nuclear Disarmament and Peace, a national network of over 200 organizations. This is way beyond India's estimate of US $3,000-4,000 per kW, he added.
Managing waste from nuclear reactors is another expensive proposition. Being highly radioactive, the waste needs constant monitoring. The half-life (the period in which radioactivity halves) of plutonium-239 is 24,400 years and that of uranium-235 is 710 million years. Though the economic lifespan of a reactor is only 30-40 years, it remains hazardous for thousands of years. Decommissioning a reactor is costly. "If one is just going to dig a deep hole and put the waste inside it, there will be enough money. But not if you think about monitoring it for the tens of thousands of years," said Ramana. Of the total cost of a reactor, 20 per cent is set aside for waste management, said S Thakur, executive director of npcil.
So what will a unit of electricity produced by nuclear plants cost? A rough estimate is between Rs 4 and Rs 6. This is close to Rs 3-4 per unit by coal plants, but only after including the heavy water subsidy and cost overruns underwritten by dae. Hydel power costs much less and renewable much more (see Cost of Electricity). "Use of imported (cleaner) coal has hiked the cost of thermal energy to Rs 6 a unit," said Ramachandran.
Power sector analyst and member of the Delhi Science Forum, Prabir Purkayastha, estimates nuclear energy will be more expensive. "Without including fuel and operation cost, the cost per unit would be Rs 7 to Rs 8. If we add to this the fuel cost, which is 25 per cent of the cost, it becomes evident that nuclear renaissance is fast disappearing from Western countries and India is the only possible dupe for the West," he said (see Who is building reactors?).
Despite these odds the nuclear industry is hopeful of a renaissance. There is more to its optimism than growing energy demand and climate change. It expects the customer nations to dilute its liability in case of a nuclear accident. "We are hoping to see action on nuclear liability legislation that would reduce liability for American companies and allow them to invest in India," US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Robert Blake, told a House committee in June.
India is yet to take a stand on liability; it is drafting the bill governing civil nuclear liability. Many believe the bill, being hastened to please the US, was instrumental in lifting nuclear sanctions.
Nuclear companies will not invest in India unless liability is capped and fixed not on the supplier but on the operator. At present the operator in India is npcil. Areva also made it clear that France will not move ahead on the nuclear agreement unless the civil nuclear liability bill is passed. Although Areva is owned by the government, it is a listed company with private and public shareholders and is run like a private company. "The French government will not bail us out in case of an accident, so we have to insure ourselves through the liability bill," said Patrick Teyssier, marketing and strategy director at Areva.
If Areva gets its nuclear plants insured through an insurance company, the cost of electricity generation can go up three times. According to a report prepared by the Austrian ministry of environment in 2007, if Europe's largest nuclear utility, Electricit de France, were to fully insure its power plants with a private insurer using a liability limit of 420 million (US $610 million), it would pay an insurance premium of 0.019 cents/kWh. But if there is no ceiling in place, the premium would be 5 cents /kWh. This would increase the cost of generation 200 per cent. So nuclear energy is a viable option only if liability is diluted. In other words the risks and costs are passed on to the public. Small wonder former US ambassador to India David Mulford even lobbied for an ordinance in case India could not enact the liability law quickly.
Though the details of the draft are not clear, the bill is said to indemnify the private player so that it does not have to go through what Union Carbide did in the Bhopal gas tragedy. Union Carbide shelled out US $470 million to the victims, while the Indian government estimated losses at US $3 billion.
Speculations are that the bill limits the liability of the operating company to US $450 million as per the Convention on Supplementary Compensation for Nuclear Damage or even less. India will have to ratify the Convention (see Liability regimes. Damages beyond this amount will be paid by the Indian government. "Why should suppliers go scot-free?" asked Anil Chaudhary of the Coalition for Nuclear Disarmament and Peace. "Everyone involved in the process of producing nuclear energy should be held equally liable," he said.
India's opposition parties, bjp, cpi and cpi(m), said they will oppose the bill if it does not make all parties liable.
Austria, for example, had extended the liability regime to suppliers of equipment and other parties involved in transporting or dealing with nuclear fuel and waste. It did not cap liability either. A public vote in 1978 halted Austria's nuclear programme for lack of a radioactive waste disposal plan.
India Inc also wants a share of the nuclear business and is pushing for limiting liability. Reliance, Tata Power and Larsen and Toubro are interested. At present, private sector is limited to supplying equipment; it cannot have stakes in management. ficci submitted a paper to the government earlier this year recommending legislative and policy changes to allow private participation. The recommendations include fdi in the sector and the liability bill.
The accident at the Chernobyl reactor in Ukraine in 1986 demonstrated that the economic, environmental and health consequences of a nuclear mishap are extremely serious. The unofficial estimated death toll after the Chernobyl mishap was 65,000; damages were worth US $250 billion. Even 10 years after the accident, Ukraine's neighbour Belarus continued to spend over 10 per cent of the state budget to mitigate Chernobyl's effects.
In India, health hazards from nuclear power plants have always been swept under the carpet. In 2007, physicist V Pugazhendhi of the Doctors for Safer Environment released a study on the incidence of auto-immune thyroid disease among women in and around Kalpakkam, where the prototype fast reactor is under construction. It showed the disease affected 24 per cent women within a radius of 5 km from the plant. It reduced to 6 per cent within a 40 km radius and to 0.8 per cent in 400 km.
Of the 5,000 people working at the plant site in Sadras village, very few are from Tamil Nadu, said Suresh Kumar, a resident of Sadras whose brother used to work at the site. People in the area are afraid of exposure to radiation.
The reprocessing plant at the site segregates the spent fuel into plutonium and uranium, and radioactive waste is diluted for disposal in the sea. A retired nuclear scientist from Kalpakkam, requesting anonymity, said uranium and plutonium, which need to be stored in secure underground repositories, are kept in temporary surface facilities at the site. Health surveys conducted by physicist Surendra Gadekar between 1989 and 1991 at the Rawatbhata nuclear plant in Rajasthan showed high incidence of tumours, miscarriages, still births and congenital diseases.
dae denies radiation from nuclear plants is affecting people's health.
Several accidents have also occurred at nuclear plants. Six employees of the Kalpakkam reprocessing plant were exposed to high radiation due to a leak in a safety valve in 2003. This could have led to a major accident. In 1993, failure of steam turbine blades caused a fire at the Narora plant in Uttar Pradesh. It could have partially melted the reactor core where fission takes place.
India's nuclear power producer npcil said there is no reason to worry about safety. "In India we have had 305 reactor-years of safe operation," said S Thakur, npcil's executive director. Reactor-years are the cumulative years for which all reactors in a country have functioned. A UN report in 1993, found occupational hazard in nuclear plants in India was six to eight times the world average. A public interest petition demanding the disclosure of an Atomic Energy Regulatory Board's report on the safety of nuclear power plants was rejected by the Supreme Court in 2004 under government pressure.
Given the risks, how desperately should India pursue nuclear energy? The Planning Commission's energy policy report says India will have to increase its electricity generation more than four times by 2030 to sustain the eight per cent economic growth. The report also observed India's coal reserves will not last more than 45 years. So it is impossible to leave out any energy source. "Just one per cent (of the energy mix) decides between illuminating two million houses and plunging them into darkness," said V S Arunachalam, chairman of the Centre for Study of Science, Technology and Policy (cstep) in Bengaluru.
Wind, hydel and biomass cannot contribute more than a fourth of India's future energy need, estimates a report by cstep. Coal, nuclear and solar energy will have to meet the rest of the demand.
The world's uranium reserves are likely to last 80 years, according to the industry body, World Nuclear Association. Solar energy is viable subject to scaling down the price (Rs 20 per unit) and evolving the technology.
Additional reporting by Niranjana Ramesh in Chennai.
<|endofexample|>
the Arunachal Pradesh Water Resources Management Authority Bill, 2006 has been passed by the sixty-member Arunachal Pradesh legislative assembly in its October session. However, it has constituted a committee headed by the secretary, water resources department to look into the discrepancies in the bill.
The act, brought out in haste to prevent an overarching water authority hoisted by the Centre may have adverse consequences for the Arunachal people, civil society members say. The act, they point out, is a complete facsimile of the Maharashtra Water Resources Management Authority Act, 2005. They claim it has incorporated irrelevant sections of the Maharashtra Act, including clauses about clearing pending schemes for irrigation and drought protection already sitting with the state government which are case specific to Maharashtra, a state in the Deccan plains and not applicable to the mountainous rain-rich Arunachal.
The government believes that the act will regulate the state's water resources and encourage development. "Arunachal with its abundant water resources could boost its economy by harnessing all the resources, which would mitigate the perennial flood and erosion problems faced by the neighbouring state of Assam," says minister in charge, Tako Dabi.
Not too many share the enthusiasm of the government. Civil society members like Bamang Anthony of Arunachal Citizen's Rights, an Itanagar-based environmental group says that the bill is shoddy and questions the intentions of the government. They argue that the provisions completely undermine the traditional practice of community ownership of natural resources. The act, in chapter IV, states that once the authority formed under the act notifies it so, no person shall use any water sources without obtaining the entitlement from the respective river basin agency.
The act comes at a time when the Union government has been publicly mulling the creation of a pan-northeast India water authority taking over control of development of the rich Brahmaputra and Barak basins. Arunachal Pradesh has steadfastly opposed such a move, claiming it would take away the state's role in developing its resources. In the past, the two governments have had differences with the Union government pushing the state to bank upon the public sector to build power projects while they preferred to negotiate more favourable contracts with private groups like Reliance Infrastructure Ltd..
<|endofexample|>
Compared to... (contd.)
Colour Chart Comparison
Now we can compare the 6800Z to a few of other cameras, using samples from our test archives we will now compare its image quality to the Nikon Coolpix 990,Canon PowerShot G1 and Sony DSC-S75.
Colour charts are shot in daylight, Auto White Balance, EV compensation +0.3 (all cameras), measured light ~10 EV.
It's a tough call, the 6800Z is definetly stronger in reds but it's pipped by our current colour expert the Sony DSC-S75 which manages to pull nice vivid saturation better out of all the colours in the spectrum.. Here've thrown in the S1 Pro's resolution chart for comparison purposes.
Measurable findings (three measurements taken for each camera):
* with dotted artifacts
Definition of terms:
* Nyquist frequency defined as the highest spatial frequency
where the CCD can still faithfully record
image detail. Beyond the Nyquist frequency aliasing occurs.
Surprising results here, the 6800Z managing to squeeze almost as much resolution out of our chart as its bigger brother the S1 Pro, though that's not to say it does so without introducing some rather funny artifacts which we didn't see on the S1 Pro sample. It's clear by comparing these numerical results with what we've seen in the side-by-side comparison on the previous page that Fujifilm's SuperCCD and processing algorithms are capable of squeezing a little extra detail out of regular patterns (such as the lines on our resolution chart).
<|endofexample|>
One, two, Freddy’s coming for you. Three, four better lock your door. Five, six grab your crucifix. Seven, eight gonna stay up late. Nine, ten never sleep again! That is the famous nursery rhyme from one of the best horror films of all time, A Nightmare on Elm St. The serial killer in the movie was Freddy Krueger and he was created by the very talented Wes Craven. The movie hit theaters back in 1984 and it was the most talked about horror film during the eighties. The actor that played Freddy in all seven films was Robert Englund and I have to say he is probably one of the best serial killer performers that I have ever seen. Not only is he creepy, but he is also very energetic, comical, and ruthless. This tutorial will show you “how to draw Freddy Krueger” step by step. Now Freddy was or is a character that was executed by all the parents that lived on Elm St. because he was kidnapping kids and killing them. It was never said if Krueger molested the children or not, just that he was definitely killing neighborhood children. How and where did he tale these children you ask? Well from what the movie explains Freddy would abduct children and then take them to where he worked which was a power plant. He lured the kids into the basement of the power plant and then killed them in the boiler room. He was later arrested and convicted for the murder of twenty children but some how he walked free. Almost every parent on Elm St. conspired to make Krueger pay for his crimes so what they did was set his house on fire and he and the house burned to the ground obviously killing Fred Krueger in the process. Wes Cravens creation of Freddy Krueger was brilliantly done. He made the character with a burnt scared up face, he wore a dingy brown fedora hat, his famous red and green striped sweater, and his notorious killing tool; a glove that was made by Krueger that had elongated razor sharp knives that he controlled with his fingers. His whole purpose in the movie is to get revenge on the towns people by killing off their children. Now it is said that Krueger was born to a nun named “Sister Mary Helena” or Amanda Krueger. She was rapped by one hundred maniacs and her basted child was the result of her rap. Anyways, I’m done talking about children dying and nuns being rapped, I just want to show you “how to draw Freddy Krueger step by step“. Have fun ya’ll and peace out. I will be back in a bit.
<|endofexample|>
I love haggis.
Yes, I admit it, and I’m not even Scottish. But I only love the real thing, and that is a sheep’s stomach stuffed with sheep offals, onions, oatmal, suet and spices. Well, I’ll make the concession that a plastic wrapper might be an acceptable substitute for the stomach on less formal occasions than Burns Supper, also smaller sausage-like versions are alright. But that’s about all I can concede.
But the traditional haggis is under perpetual threat from many directions. Here is a selection of what people have done to the national dish of Scotland:
1. Messing Around With the Ingredients
This is the most commonly practiced adulteration. I’m afraid to say that it seems like there is actually more faux haggis adorning the shelves of butchers and supermarkets than proper specimens.
I admit that some might feel mildly nauseous when confronted with the truth behind real haggis. But if you can’t take it, you’d better leave it. Please don’t try to substitute the yucky sheep stuff with pork or beef. Have a steak instead, or meat balls, it’s going to taste better. But at the very least, please don’t call it haggis.
2. Vegetarian Haggis
What’s a veggie going to have on Burns Night? Tough question. OK, I see that you don’t want to be left out of the fun. But is faking really the answer? Aren’t there other things that go well with neeps’n tatties and can profit from a good helping of whisky sauce? Be a little creative!
3. Haggis Pizza
Take a pizza Margherita and sprinkle some haggis on top before baking. Gross? You bet! I love pizza almost as much as I love haggis, but the combination of both is just perverted. Sheep lungs with mozzarella di bufalo and extra garlic? Pass the grappa please.
4. Haggis Crisps
British snack producers are probably the most creative of the world when it comes to flavours for crisps. Roastbeef, prawn cocktail, you name it, it’s all been done before. So it was only a matter of time until the Scots favourite staple was to be addressed. Is it good or bad news that the list of ingriedients boasts “natural pork flavouring”? Decide for yourselves. (I would love to try them anyway, but don’t tell anybody…)
5. Haggis Chocolate
Nadia Ellingham from Edinburgh invented this treat. I have to admit that even I as a haggis purist thought this idea had some peculiar charm to it. But I had to find out that only the haggis spices are used. No sheep were hurt during of the production of these chocolates. Skip.
6. Haggis Ice Cream
Morelli’s in Harrods Food Hall is supposed to serve ice cream made with proper haggis ingredients. Call me old-fashioned, but for me haggis is a winter warmer and not a summer freezer. But at least serve it in bowls, please, to allow adding generous measures of whisky sauce.
Now I need a dram.
Haggis image from Wikimedia Commons
Followup: Actually the final kick for publishing this post was the report of Clootie Dumplings being made “fit for the 21st century” that was published on the ScotFest Blog on tuesday. But I have always wanted to write about the assorted haggis weirdness anyway.
<|endofexample|>
The charge of the priests and of the Levites, and their portion.
[1] And the Lord said to Aaron: Thou, and thy sons, and thy father' s house with thee shall bear the iniquity of the sanctuary: and thou and thy sons with thee shall bear the sins of your priesthood.
[2] And take with thee thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi, and the sceptre of thy father, and let them be ready in hand, and minister to thee: but thou and thy sons shall minister in the tabernacle of the testimony.
[3] And the Levites shall watch to do thy commands, and about all the works of the tabernacle: only they shall not come nigh the vessels of the sanctuary nor the altar, lest both they die, and you also perish with them.
[4] But let them be with thee, and watch in the charge of the tabernacle, and in all the ceremonies thereof. A stranger shall not join himself with you.
[5] Watch ye in the charge of the sanctuary, and in the ministry of the altar: lest indignation rise upon the children of Israel.
[1] And thy father's house with thee, shall bear the iniquity of the sanctuary: That is, you shall be punished if, through negligence or want of due attention, you err in the discharge of the sacred functions for which you were ordained.
[6] I have given you your brethren the Levites from among the children of Israel, and have delivered them for a gift to the Lord, to serve in the ministries of the tabernacle.
[7] But thou and thy sons look ye to the priesthood: and all things that pertain to the service of the altar, and that are within the veil, shall be executed by the priests. If any stranger shall approach, he shall be slain.
.
[11] But the firstfruits, which the children of Israel shall vow and offer, I have given to thee, and to thy sons, and to thy daughters, by a perpetual law. He that is clean in thy house, shall eat them.
[12] All the best of the oil, and of the wine, and of the corn, whatsoever firstfruits they offer to the Lord, I have given them to thee.
[13] All the firstripe of the fruits, that the ground bringeth forth, and which are brought to the Lord, shall be for thy use: he that is clean in thy house, shall eat them.
[14] Every thing that the children of Israel shall give by vow, shall be thine.
,
[16] And the redemption of it shall be after one month, for five sicles of silver, by the weight of the sanctuary. A sicle hath twenty obols.
[17] But the firstling of a cow and of a sheep and of a goat thou shalt not cause to be redeemed, because they are sanctified to the Lord. Their blood only thou shalt pour upon the altar, and their fat thou shalt burn for a most sweet odour to the Lord.
[18] But the flesh shall fall to thy use, as the consecrated breast, and the right shoulder shall be thine.
.
[20] And the Lord said to Aaron: You shall possess nothing in their land, neither shall you have a portion among them: I am thy portion and inheritance in the midst of the children of Israel.
[19] A covenant of salt: It is a proverbial expression, signifying a covenant not to be altered or corrupted; as salt is used to keep things from corruption; a covenant perpetual, like that by which it was appointed, that salt should be used in every sacrifice. Lev. 2.
.
<|endofexample|>
The 'Visual Programming' Silver Bullet
App Inventor is a tool from Google Labs that is intended to make it easy for non-programmers to create mobile applications for Android-powered devices. What's missing in this is the word "good", as in " make it easy for non-programmers to create good mobile applications."
Not that you need a degree in computer science or mathematics to create mobile apps, but it does help at times. Far too often, as reader James Kosin correctly points out, "easy" translates too easily to sloppy and bloated, as in code I write. But then high-level tools like App Inventor are supposed to prevent that as well.
Instead of writing code with App Inventor, you visually design the way the app looks and use "blocks" to specify the app's behavior. Blocks are available for storing information, repeating actions, and performing actions under certain conditions. Even blocks to talk to services like Twitter.
The concept of blocks that encapsulate functionality isn't anything new. LEGOs MindStorm, for instance, implements similar functionality but in "bricks." Similarly, Apple Computer, led by Smalltalk guru Dan Ingalls, developed Fabrik ("Fa-brick," get it?), a kit of computational and UI components that you "wire" together to build new components and applications.
And when your talking about visual programming with blocks, you should, as Ron Martin reminded me, mention what is probably the most mature such system -- LabVIEW.
The blocks editor that App Inventor uses is the Open Blocks Java library for creating visual block programming languages. Open Blocks is distributed by the MIT and derives from thesis research by Ricarose Roque. OpenBlocks lets developers build their own graphical block programming systems by specifying a single XML file..
When it comes to software development, there's something gripping about the word "visual". It's routinely used in instances that are not visual in any sense of the word, although some uses are more visual than others. One of the true visual programming languages is Cube developed by Marc Najork. As Marc has pointed out, "a true visual-programming language can be considered 'executable graphics,' with no hidden text." So is App Inventor a true visual language that will enable programming for non-programmers? That remainds to be seen. What do you think?
To get started with App Inventor development, fill out this form. More information is available here.
<|endofexample|>
How to Generate a Tree-Building Parser in Java using JJTree
JavaCC is a parser-generator for Java. JJTree augments JavaCC: it makes the generated parser build a syntax tree, without you having to program the tree-building yourself. I once wrote an Introduction to JJTree; and I've just had an email requesting a JJTree example with which a complete beginner could get started. So I decided to blog one. It shows you how to generate a tree-building parser for a language of simple arithmetic expressions.
<|endofexample|>
Introducing C++ Order Relations
The C++ library facilities for sorting, binary searching, and ordered containers work only on types with appropriate order relations defined on them. For example, if
v has type
vector<T>, and we wish to call
sort(v.begin(), v.end()), the call will work properly only if
T has an appropriately defined
operator<. If there is an appropriate operation with a different name, such as
compare, we could call
sort(v.begin(), v.end(), compare) instead. Either way, the operation has to be appropriately defined.
Because the built-in numeric types, along with the standard string and container types, define appropriate operations, C++ programmers can go a long time without having to know just what it takes to define such an operation. Over the next few weeks, I intend to discuss some of the subtleties involved in doing so.
Perhaps the most important aspect to remember about C++ order relations is that the parts of the library that expect them expect only a single relation. In other words, when you call
sort, sort needs to know only how to look at two values
a and
b and answer the yes-or-no question: Should
a precede
b according to the given ordering? Asking this question is analogous to asking whether
a<b, except that the operation need not be spelled as
<. So, for example, when we call
sort(v.begin(), v.end(), compare), we are saying that the function named
compare will be used to say whether
a precedes
b.
Because
sort's caller need supply only a single operation, the code inside
sort itself never compares two elements directly for equality or inequality. Instead, any equality test comes about only as a consequence of calling
<, or
compare, or whatever its name might be.
At this point, I could continue by explaining the rules surrounding order relations. Instead of doing that, however, I'd like to take a step back and think about what properties an order relation needs to have in order to be useful for sorting.
The most important such property is that after a sequence has been sorted, the order of its elements must conform to the definition of
<. In particular, if
a precedes
b in the sequence, then
b<a must be false. By implication,
a<a must be false for all values of
a. Otherwise, it would be impossible to sort a two-element sequence both of whose elements had value
a. We can describe this requirement by saying that
< must be irreflexive.
For similar reasons,
a<b and
b< a must never both be true. Otherwise, it would be impossible to sort a two-element sequence with
a and
b as its two values. By implication, for any two values
a and
b, either
a<b is true,
b<a is true, or
a<b and
b<a are both false. We can describe this requirement by saying that
< must be antisymmetric.
Whenever
a<b is true,
a will precede
b in any ordering — that's the meaning of
a<b. As a result, if
a<b and
b<c are both true, then
a must precede
b and
b must precede
c. As a result,
a must precede
c, from which we can infer that
a<c ought to be true as well. Indeed, the C++ library requires this property: Whenever
a<b and
b<c are both true,
a<c must be true as well. We can describe this requirement by saying that
< must be transitive.
Let's abbreviate the state of affairs in which
a<b and
b<a are both false by writing
a?b, which we might describe by saying that
a and
b are unordered. Note that for any
a and
b, exactly one of
a<b,
b<a, and
a?b is true. We've already seen that
a?a must be true for any value of
a, and that whenever
a?b is true,
b?a is also true. In other words, unlike
<,
? is both reflexive and symmetric. However, like
<,
? must be transitive: If we don't care whether
a precedes
b, and we don't care whether
b precedes
c, it makes no sense to care whether
a precedes
c.
We can summarize these rules as follows:
- < must be irreflexive, antisymmetric, and transitive.
- If
a<band
b<aare both false, we say that
aand
bare unordered.
- The unordered relation must be reflexive, symmetric, and transitive.
Any relation that is reflexive, symmetric, and transitive is called an equivalence relation. Elements that are related by an equivalence relation are not necessary equal, but they share some of the properties of equality.
Exercise:
bool compare(int m, int n) { return abs(m) < abs(n); }
Does this function meet all of the requirements of an order relation? Why or why not?
<|endofexample|>
Mobile messaging firm Clickatell has released its new Connect API intended to give software developers a means of embedding short-message service (SMS) account creation and management functionality into their applications while keeping their users in the application's user interface.
Developers using the system are promised the chance to avoid typical messaging reseller responsibilities and licensing. This is because the billing for messaging is managed by Clickatell directly with the end user. Additionally, Clickatell claims to alleviate support responsibilities for messaging services by handling all inquiries with the end users directly.
.
As the world's largest online SMS mobile messaging service, Clickatell's messaging gateway allows its customers to send messages to almost any mobile phone in the world across over 900 mobile networks in more than 220 countries and territories.
<|endofexample|>
Dynamsoft has announced the availability of its new ImageCapture Suite SDK. A combination of its Dynamic Webcam and Dynamic Web TWAIN SDKs in a single suite, this offering is newly optimized to support a much larger range of imaging devices than previously.
The developer proposition here is a single browser plug-in SDK to cover webcams or TWAIN devices, such as scanners. Supported browsers include 32-bit and 64-bit Internet Explorer (IE), Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Opera.
Developers are urged to consider ImageCapture Suite as a means of creating online image capturing applications to cover all users' needs. The SDK enables editing and uploading of images to local folders, web servers, FTP sites, SharePoint libraries, and other databases.
"With the myriad of imaging devices available and in use developers require highly efficient and secure software development kits for document imaging and processing applications," said Dynamsoft's Amy Gu.
," she added.
As stated, the SDK represents a bundling of Dynamsoft's Dynamic Webcam SDK and Dynamic Web TWAIN SDK. However, the bundled version includes newly optimized methods and properties for its dual purpose — managing brightness and contrast and other optimized methods such as
AcquireImage,
CloseSource, and
EnableSource.
ImageCapture Suite supports capturing live video streams into a container and grabbing snapshots to be exported to a file / binary. Add-ons include a barcode reader and optical character recognition (OCR). GUI and non-GUI image editors are supported with image editing that includes rotate, crop, and flip. Image downloads and uploads can be done via HTTP / HTTPS or FTP / FTPS. Supported image formats include BMP, JPEG, PNG, TIFF (multi-page), and PDF (multi-page).
<|endofexample|>
Bookstores is a
Dream Machine
Site
The Dream Machine
--- The Imagination of the World Wide Web
Bookstores - File #8
...the best Backgammon site on the Web
Bookstores - File #8
Rancho Palos Verdes
90274
ZIP - 90274
Chapel Shop The
Rancho Palos Verdes, CA 90274
Phone: (310) 377-1279
Woman : An Intimate Geography
by Natalie Angier
Paperback
432 Pages
Can't find what you want at
Chapel Shop!
<|endofexample|>
Wednesday, November 30, 2011
Under $100 gift guide: THE GIRLS
Whether it's your sister, co-worker, best friend, or babysitter—these woman deserve better than the average gift card or bath set. Show them you care this season with some of these unique and fashionable finds...
1. Juicy Couture earmuff headphones: these are cute enough on their own as earmuffs, but the fact that they double as headphones makes them that much more amazing.
2. Marc by Marc Jacobs link bracelet: this bracelet is bold enough to make a statement but classic enough to wear every day, would look great alone or layered up the arm.
3. J.Crew Blythe blouse: I own this blouse in four colors already and am planning on buying it in two more before the holidays (unless Santa is listening... wink, wink!) It is the ultimate basic that any woman's wardrobe would benefit from.
4. Society6 iPhone case: this site literally has thousands of unique and stylish iPhone covers in an array of prints, patterns and designs—the only hard part will be deciding which one to get.
5. Deborah Lippmann metallic nail polish set: I've already professed my love for sparkly nails, and this set of metallics has all the right shades to keep any glamor girl covered for the holidays.
6. Harper's Bazaar: Greatest Hits book: fashion books are my favorite gift to receive because they're great to display and reference for inspiration—and you can never have too many. And since there is no greater fashion authority than Harper's Bazaar (OK, I may be slightly biased, but that doesn't make it any less true), this book should be first on your list!
7. Wool and The Gang DIY scarf kit: almost every girl I know (myself included) wishes they knew how to knit, so what better way to learn than by crafting your own snood with the help of this handy dandy kit?
I love this guide!! Thanks for the tips.
<|endofexample|>
22 Inspiring Examples of Facebook Page Designs than wall. Here are 22 examples of what you can do with your Facebook page’s landing tab.
Kit Kat
Victoria’s Secret
Gary Vaynerchuk
Toyota USA
Sony Football
If you know of any really cool Facebook welcome page examples please add them to the comments. Continues on the next page…
Posted on: November 29, 2010
Related Posts
Rules for Facebook Page Usernames
IMPORTANT!!! Once you have claimed a username by clicking the "Confirm" button, it is not possible to edit it, or to transfer your username to a...
Social Media Employee Policy Examples from Over 100 Companies and Organizations
Here is a great resource. You can use the policies and copy them or just read and get insight into what is considered OK and what's not in social...
Good list of Facebook pages. I’m starting to do some of the same FMBL things they are doing. Thanks for sharing on sphinn.
I recently saw this page here in Ontario – Thought it was good:
Thanks for this awesome post. now i shall surely implement it on my website to attractive visitors..
Thanks Kevin! You can do pretty neat things with the FBML. For the more interactive experience you have to go with the apps.
Love these examples.
LOL
Of course if we could all use “Victoria’s Secret” ads, we would get plenty of likes
Just starting to learn about FBML and apps to liven up the page.
Thanks for the creative ideas.
Best, Lisa
Fantastic! Thanks a lot
Great examples of amped up FB pages. For companies that use Facebook for marketing, there are some wonderful ideas here for making pages more engaging.
Get your web designer to do a little FBML work and your page can have a big impact, too. (I’m adding that to my own to-do list for)
Awesome collection! All are very unique, fresh, attractive and inspiring.
Victoria’s Secret, Coca Cola, Harley Davidson and Twilight are some of other awesome designs you can add to your list. What say?
Hi Raj! Thanks for your comment. I specifically excluded Coca Cola, Harley Davidson, RedBull and some others. These are already shown in so many places that I thought repeating would be a bit too much..
Hi! Thanks for the comment Brad. Yes, you are right about some pages. I went over all of these and and most of them have some social/sharing/engaging aspect. The least social pages from this selection seem to be: Victoria’s Secret, Gary Vaynerchuk, On Your Own Adventures, Dunkin’ Donuts, Lacoste, and Windows.
Still I think they are OK for getting ideas flowing.
Interesting…..
wow great designs and great inspiration. This reminds me I should do a new design for my facebook page
Pingback: Social Media Weekend: Facebook Page Examples, When to Publish Blog Posts, Net for Fun Increases Productivity | DreamGrow Social Media
In response to “Brad Brenner said at 6:53 pm on December 1st, 2010:”.
They are landing pages which means they have been designed to extend the brand and influence people to like the page upon initial contact. People who have ‘liked’ the page more often than not, will never see the landing page again. No long-term value?! If you want to increase your traffic conversion by 30-50%…. use landing pages. By converting traffic, your repeat visitors do not decrease, they increase because you have more people ‘liking’ the page and therefore more fans on the page. Without landing pages your system operates like a leaky bucket that fails to capture a large percentage of traffic.
Agreed, the new marketing paradigm is much more than simply porting old methods to new medium. It needs an advanced understanding of ‘both’ the old and new media.
aesome collection..thanks….
This one was pretty cool:
Thanks, Jay!
Pingback: Best of the Best User Experience Resources of 2010 | Salty Dog Interactive
Very insightful examples….Thanks for sharing.
Nice pages there! Victoria’s Secret is a classic… The trouble is, most of the big brands have large budgets to burn on Facebook marketing and the small businesses can’t keep up with them. We developed a Facebook page for our business (Big Click) which you can check out here – … It’s only been up for a short time but our ‘likes’ seem to be increasing steadily since revamping it. Having a good page design definitely assists people into ‘liking’ the page.
Justin – Big Click Studios
@JustinRob
Thanks for your comment Justin! I think that building Facebook special tab is relatively simple and while big brands can put relatively better quality promo material on them (studio photos, video clips, etc) then smaller companies can work with design and copy. So, I would say it’s a tie
great list! any chance on adding ours
Pingback: How to Build the Perfect Facebook Fan Page | Eve Milano
Very creative!
We composed a double layered fan page. On the first there is a little game that you have to solve until you reach the real fan page.
If you like our creativity, please push that “LIKE” button!
Many thanks in advance!
Pingback: 4 Free Facebook Landing Page Creation Tools | DreamGrow Social Media
Pingback: 5 Tips to Improve Your Facebook Landing Page | DreamGrow Social Media
Nice and cool… Have a look at some of my landing page design works at
Nice work Jasmir!
Thank you for the list…
always good to have lists like these for inspiration
If I may, here are some good ones too
Pingback: Facebook Cheat Sheet: Sizes and Dimensions | DreamGrow Social Media
my page incorporating a smaller version of my main web design site
Guys, I recommend you visit June Spring Multimedia’s Facebook Page. It deserves to be in this list!
Those ones are so great and creative!
A perfect way to look original and make the buzz all around you!
Thanks! I loved the inspiration.
We just designed ours. Hope you like it
<|endofexample|>
An Error Occurred
Sorry, an error occurred. If you are unsure on how to use a feature, or don't know why you got this error message, try looking through the help files for more information.
You are not signed in
Useful Links
- Forgotten Password Recovery
- Register a new account
- Our help documentation
- Contact the forums administrator
<|endofexample|>
Preparing for a bolt out of the black.Level of Lucidity:
Lucid Intent? No
This dream has been viewed 5059 times.
Looking at the chunky copper buckle it vaguely reminds me of the ratchet like clasps that are used to secure the tarpaulins on huge articulated 18 wheel trucks. I continue to watch the man finishing of his work and wonder to myself if the man isn’t making these preparations because he is expecting a thunder storm tonight.
Additional Comments:
Interpretation: I was woken up by my wife snoring last night between 2am and 3am, I took the opportunity to memorize all of my dreams up to this point but when I fell back asleep I slept very solidly right through till 7am. Between 2am and 7am it was like I was in a very refreshing void of nothingness, I only hazily recalled a very vague dream about being a child in a group of other children being looked after by a motherly figure, I awoke feeling extremely revitalized and rested. It was strange how all of my dreams seemed to revolve around America last night, each of the three dreams mentioned here were heavily infused with the usual American feeling that accompanies such dreams. I have read that lightening can represent very positive transformation and changes, the house in the dream might represent me I guess and the American/Italian man might represent a combination of pioneer spirit, opportunity and creativity. The dream had a very positive edge to it as did all of the other dreams from this night but it was also tinged with a high tension like the rest of the dreams too. Dream 1: The pinball repair shop – It is late evening time and I find myself in my dream version of America (just like in the previous dream). I am walking some quiet out of the way streets in a rundown part of a city, I cross over a deserted road and enter inside a small bare shop where I meet an older man and woman who are possibly husband and wife and who own and run the store. The interior looks virtually empty and the pastel green paint peels from the walls, the lady immediately starts chatting with me and explains that she and her partner have just managed to sell or rent out a property they own just over on the other side of the street. Apparently a lawyer who is new to the area has moved in to this property in order to open his bureau, the lady seems kind of proud and excited that she has managed to find such a respected and up market tenant. The lady then explains to me that her line of business is in pinball machines and that she and her partner repair them for a living. She takes out some components and places them on a table explaining that they only use original components which they refurbish, these items are scarce and rare but are the simply the best. After the chat I head off out into the empty streets and walk to the centre of the city where the tall skyscrapers are. I pause right in the centre of the city looking up at these immensely tall buildings, some kind of special light show or film show is being projected up onto the skyscrapers effectively using them as a kind of enormous screen. The animation is of a pinball table being played, all of the features are being lit up with all manner of digital displays showing scores, special features etc. Suddenly a message comes up on the gargantuan opaque scoreboard which I realize is for me. The words “Go for the Extra Ball!” pass by from left to right in digitized orange pixels, the message passes by over and over again as if crying out for my attention. Dream 3: My wife embarrasses me at the gym – Daytime and I find myself in my dream version of America again I am heading out to visit a gym, I am aware that my wife is going to be there. I enter the gym and see her sat on an exercise bicycle gossiping with lots of other women, I seem to immediately know that my wife is speaking badly about me and in a negative way to the other women. I walk on over without her noticing and lean against one of the bicycles whilst she continues to gossip about me. She hasn’t noticed me which seems unbelievable considering my proximity, and even when she does see me she just turns and continues to put me down in front of all the other women, this leaves me feeling very upset, hurt and betrayed. I get the impression that she thought I would get fed up of the insults and just leave the gym but I feel adamant to stay and exercise. I sit down on the floor and lace up my running shoes and then walk over to two large glass swinging doors which lead into the room where the treadmills are. When I get into the room though I see lots of business women and men stood around as if they were having a kind of informal meeting or coffee break. It looks like I won’t be able to exercise here after all as the room is booked for something else, I start to become a bit frustrated and annoyed. Suddenly a woman with a masculine parted black haircut comes over to me, I recognize her as an old work colleague, but when I look again I see that I must have been mistaken as it wasn’t her after all (or perhaps she transformed?) but now there is a different woman with much the same lean build, milky white tanned features but now with light blonde hair. The more I look at the woman’s face the more I try to wrack my memory for where I’ve seen or met her before (this was a very lucid tangible moment where my waking self was really struggling to try and figure out where I’d seen this woman before). Unfortunately I just cannot manage to place her face as memorable as it is which is very frustrating (even to me now). The blonde haired woman is the trainer in charge of the treadmills she seems friendly and sympathizes to a degree with my predicament. She asks me “What do you really want?” and “How much longer are you willing to put up with these conditions?” as we converse “2 years” is also mentioned possibly by me. Even though the lady was trying to help I decide I don’t want to talk about this awkward topic any longer and I pull myself away in a irritated by the previous situation with my wife and the not being able to use the treadmills, even before I flounce off out of the gym I start to feel very bad at just walking away from the lady as she was being friendly and was only trying to help me, I never meant to be rude to her.
<|endofexample|>
What is Dreamwidth Studios?
Dreamwidth Studios is a home and a community for all kinds of creative folk. Dreamwidth
Creating a basic Dreamwidth account is free. Or, you can help support the site for everyone and get extra features for a small payment.
About
- About Dreamwidth
- Learn more about the Dreamwidth project.
- Guiding Principles
- Our values and commitments.
Community
- Site News
- Read the latest Dreamwidth news.
- Latest Things *
- Read the latest things posted on the site.
- Random Journal *
- Read a random journal on the site.
- Random Community *
- Read a random Dreamwidth community.
* Dreamwidth does not pre-screen content for appropriateness.
Support
- Frequently Asked Questions
- Read common questions about Dreamwidth
- Support
- Get help with using Dreamwidth.
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to DressMore Live Chat
Free Shipping over $201.2
Free Gift & 12OFF on Xmas
50%OFF + Extra 5%OFF
24 Item(s)
Privacy & Security
What our privacy and security programs do is to make sure every transaction is 100% secured guaranteed. We aim to make a completely safe shopping environment.More
Customer Service
Information
Payment & Shipping
Press Room
<|endofexample|>
New Graduate Student Orientation
The Office of Graduate Studies in collaboration with the Office of Student Life host New Graduate Student Orientation prior to the start of the fall Academic Term. Attendance is strongly recommended but not required of all graduate students. Check back soon to register for Orientation.
Dates
Thursday, September 13, 2012 - Mandatory Orientation for International Students (Click to Register)
Friday, September 14, 2012 - General Graduate Student Orientation for all incoming graduate students
Schedule & Registration
New Graduate Student Orientation is divided amongst students whose programs are on the University City campus and students whose programs are on the Center City Campus. Please view the schedules and register for your orientation.
Webcast
Can't join us for Orientation? You can view our live webcast which will be active near 10:00AM on Friday, September 14.
International Students
If you are an international student, you are required to attend a Mandatory Orientation for International Students (Click to Register) on Thursday, September 13, 2012. This is seperate from Graduate Student Orientation, which you are still strongly encouraged to also attend.
Checklist for Incoming Students
Accept your offer of admission
Confirm your enrollment by submitting your intent to enroll form along with the nonrefundable tuition deposit to Enrollment Management. This form was included in the acceptance package from Enrollment Management.
Set up your Drexel Computer Account
If you are a newly matriculated graduate student, you are entitled to computer accounts such as email and DrexelOne portal. Visit the Information Resources and Technology (IRT) New Accounts website to pick up your accounts
Contact your Graduate Advisor
When you arrive on campus, make sure you stop by your academic department and introduce yourself. If you have questions or concerns related to your program, plan of study or registration, contact your graduate advisor.
Contact for International Students
Be sure you complete all the necessary tasks with the International Students and Scholar Services prior to the start of the term.
Enroll in or Waive Student Health Insurance
All international and full-time graduate students must be in compliance with Drexel’s Immunization and Health Insurance Policies. If you have an external health insurance, please check with a representative in the health insurance office to ensure it is in compliance with the university’s standard. As for doctoral students who are receiving a health insurance subsidy from the Graduate Studies Office, you must be enrolled in a Drexel’s health insurance plan.
For more information, please visit the Health Insurance and Immunization Website and check out the health insurance subsidy program.
Pick up your University Identification (DragonCard)
If you are an on campus student and have registered for classes, you are eligible for the DragonCard, which is crucial for you to gain access to certain buildings and utilize the services on campus.
Online students can also obtain a non-photo DragonCard Identification by sending an email to dragoncard@drexel.edu. Please include your university ID number (eight digits) and current mailing address in your email.
For more information, please visit the DragonCard website.
Inform Disability Services
The Office of Equality and Diversity collaborates with and empowers individuals who have documented disabilities by working together proactively to determine reasonable and appropriate accommodative measures.
For more information, please visit the Office of Equality and Diversity website.
If you have a job or position on campus, it is a good idea to sign up for direct deposit. Direct deposit is the safest and easiest way to get any payroll you may receive. For more information, please visit the Office of Comptroller.
In addition, please visit the Tax Office and fill out the necessary paperwork for payroll.
Attend Graduate Student Orientation and Teaching Assistant Orientation
In addition to attending Graduate Student Orientation, some departments will also provide their own an academic orientation. Please check with your department for more information. Teaching Assistant Orientation is required for all incoming students who have a teaching assistantship.
If you are a matriculated graduate student after the fall quarter, please take a moment to review the video titled "Administrators Welcome You" from Graduate Student Orientation as well as the presentations/modules from various administrative offices.
Read the Graduate Student Handbook (Roadmap)
The handbook is for informational purposes only. It is offered to you as an introduction to Drexel University and to the policies and regulations that will guide you to your degree. Policies outlined in the handbook do not replace the policies of the Office of the Provost.
Visit the Drexel Resource Fair
At the start of each term during the first-two weeks of the quarter, there is Drexel Resource Fair held in the Great Court of the Main Building where you can get answers to questions relating to billing, financial aid, and health insurance and immunizations.
<|endofexample|>
Specs
Description
The PosiTector 6000 F45S1 is a rugged, fully electronic coating thickness gauge that uses magnetic and eddy current principles to measure non-magnetic coatings over ferrous metals like steel and cast iron. The DeFelsko F45S F45S1 comes complete with Basic gage body, removable F45S microprobe, precision plastic shims, protective rubber holster with belt clip, wrist strap, 3 AAA alkaline batteries, instructions, nylon carrying case with shoulder strap, protective lens shield, Long Form Certificate of Calibration traceable to NIST, USB cable, and two year manufacturer's warranty.
More Products
<|endofexample|>
- Welcome to drinkstuff ® - Your suppliers of Next Day Catering Equipment & Bar Accessories since 1977.
Utopia Anton Black Pinched Milk Jug 2oz / 60ml
In stock
On Sale
£3.99
Single
Estrella Terracotta Sangria Jug 35oz / 1ltr
In stock
On Sale
£9.99
Single
Bubble Shooter Glasses 2.5oz / 70ml
In stock
Was £13.99
Now £11.99
Pack of 6
Econ Polystyrene Hiball Tumblers CE 10oz / 285ml
In stock
Was £17.99
Now £15.99
Case of 48
Econ Polystyrene Wine Glasses 12oz / 250ml
In stock
Was £54.99
Now £49.99
Case of 50
Econ Polystyrene Champagne Flutes 6.5oz / 175ml
In stock
Was £59.99
Now £54.99
Case of 50
Econ Polystyrene Tulip Half Pint Tumblers CE 10oz / 285ml
In stock
Was £19.99
Now £16.99
Case of 48
Econ Polystyrene Tulip Pint Tumblers CE 20oz / 568ml
In stock
Was £22.99
Now £19.99
Case of 48
Bubble Old Fashioned Tumblers 10oz / 280ml
In stock
Was £19.99
Now £15.99
Pack of 6
Atelier Prestige Elegante Mini Flutes 2.5oz / 70ml
In stock
On Sale
£19.99
Pack of 6
Brio Champagne Flutes 3.3oz / 95ml
In stock
On Sale
£14.99
Pack of 6
LSA Moya Liqueur Glasses 1.75oz / 50ml
In stock.
<|endofexample|>
Product Features:
Hiball tumbler
Branded with Jameson Irish Whiskey logo
Material: Tempered glass
Offers up to 5 times more resistance than untreated glass
Shock and heat resistant
Stackable design
Glass breaks into blunt fragments if shattered
Gift boxed
Dishwasher safe
Packs Available:
1 x Jameson Whiskey Glass
4 x Jameson Whiskey Glasses
24 x Jameson Whiskey Glasses
Manufacturer Part Number:
Single: JAM006
Set of 4: JAM006
Case of 24: JAM006
Barcode:
Single: 5055736902734
Set of 4: 5055736902383
Case of 24: 5055736908507
Dimensions:
Height: 130mm
Diameter: 90mm
Volume: 420ml
Weight: 416g
<|endofexample|>
Bonzer Stainless Steel Elevator Lid Dispenser 450mm
Code: 10954
Qty
- Description
- Further Info
- Video
- Delivery
- Returns
Finished in stainless steel, the Bonzer Elevator Lid Dispenser offers a practical and stylish design. It can be easily incorporated into the counter space, making it ideal for busy cafes and other food$199.04
- Bonzer Gravity Cup DispenserMore info$199.04
- Straw-Slot Lids to fit 16oz and 22oz Paper CupsMore infoFrom $1.52 On Sale
- Straw-Slot Lids to fit 9oz and 12oz Paper CupsMore infoFrom $2.43 On Sale
- Bonzer Stainless Steel Elevator Cup Dispenser 450mmMore info$157.69
- Bonzer Plastic Elevator Cup Dispenser 600mmMore info$99.51
- Bonzer Plastic Elevator Cup Dispenser 450mmMore info$99.51
- Bonzer Stainless Steel Elevator Lid Dispenser 600mmMore info$157.69
- Bonzer Plastic Elevator Lid Dispenser 600mmMore info$99.51
- Bonzer Plastic Elevator Lid Dispenser 450mmMore info$99.51
Customer Reviews
0 Reviews
Customer Photos
0 Photos
<|endofexample|>
Topo map
My bandwidth and graphics are being leeched.
117 days ago
Topo map
117 days ago
Pull up a chair, some popcorn, and something to drink, and enjoy !
Please note I don’t buy, sell, nor trade anything, but especially via email.
Nov 21, 2011
Working on the site by improving the site navigation menu. I won’t get all of it done this week. I’ll be adding direct links to each town’s topo map/aerial photo page.
Alabama is done with the new menu at the top of the pages. I’ll add more menu updates as I have time.
Thank you for stopping by.
June 13, 2010
Unless you see a post here that a state’s links have been checked, they may or may not work. The links in the menu above are all correct.
19 of 50 states done. I am not counting Texas in the total as it is only one-fifth done. Washington, D.C. didn’t have drive-in movie theaters.
597 articles corrected/checked; 762 left to go.
All pages for Maine Drive-Ins now have correct links.
New Katrina damage photos. January and March, 2009 Some changes, some still the same.
Warning: I don’t send from this account using form mail, if you receive form mail from me, please delete it. Its a forgery attempt.
This is where I am moving my Drive-in movie theater site to.
The original site will stay up until I have moved all of it here; however, as I correct links on pages I will delete them from the old site.
I have found that the old terraserver site has changed urls.
I am changing them, but I wont get it done this weekend. So if you try a link and it has terraserver in it change everything in the terraserver url from the .com back to the double slash in the url to msrmaps.com
So would become
A few more done. I updated and checked all links on the 2 open drive-in pages and the links page. Going to rest my eyes, so that is it for the day.
Thank you for stopping by.
343 days ago
Provided by Steve.
406 days ago
i hope this it the right place to send this info. the valley drive in is still open in newton iowa, it is on highway f48 just west of town on the north side of the road. you cant miss it using google maps.
thanks
terry
March, 2012
Topo map
Aerial photo
413 days agoSamGreen
<|endofexample|>
Road test maybe booked, cancelled or re-scheduled by the following method.
Please
be aware that if you are re-scheduling your road test appointment through the internet, you will be required to cancel a previous
appointment before you are able to view other dates available. If
you cancel a previous road
test appointment less than 48 hours before the scheduled road test,
you will lose your road test fee. Also see notes at the bottom of the page.
Note:
You will be required to provide your Ontario Driver's Licence number and your Driver's Licence Expiry date when you book a road test. Please note that if you were issued a temporary driver's licence, the expiry date on the temporary driver's licence is not the expiry date required. If you are unsure of your expiry date;
When booking your road test on the internet, please ensure you print your confirmation page before you exit the page. The confirmation page will indicate your test date and the DriveTest Centre of your test booking. You will be unable to print the confirmation page if you exit before the page is displayed.
All road test fees must be pre-paid at the time of booking an appointment. You may pre-pay your road test fee using a credit card (Visa, MasterCard or American Express) if you are booking an appointment over the phone or the Internet. Cash, Debit Card, Credit Card, Certified Cheque, Traveller’s Cheque, Bank Draft or Money Order can be used if booking in person at a DriveTest Centre.
How do I pre-pay for a road test if I don’t have a credit card?
Payments can be made at all DriveTest Centres by Cash, Debit Card, Certified Cheque, Traveller’s Cheque, Bank Draft or Money Order. You can also mail a Certified Cheque or Money Order, made payable to DriveTest, to the DriveTest Centre where the road test will be conducted. Your cover letter must include your name, address, phone number and driver’s licence number.
*Scheduled appointment/test time for each applicant is subject to change without notice
You are required to give 48 hours notice of test cancellation to avoid loss of the test fee.
If you cancel your road test three times online (internet and automated telephone booking), the system will block you from booking a fourth time and you may have to contact DriveTest to book your next road test appointment.
Novice class applicants may not book a road test after the date of licence expiry and are required to re-commence the graduated licencing system. Please be aware that tests booked in contravention of this policy will not be facilitated and unused appointment fees may be invoked.
Applicants may continue to book a road test prior to the date of their licence expiry for utilization after expiry, however if this test is cancelled after the licence expiry date, no further bookings may be made and the applicant is obliged to re-commence the graduated licencing system.
PLEASE NOTE:
Click here to review the requirements needed for your road test.
<|endofexample|>
Gadgets & Other Electronics Weather Devices
Baseball and Softball Accessories
Men's Clothes Shirts
Film & Movie Cameras
Desktop & Laptop Accessories Headsets
The world is changing at a fast pace and to keep up with this pace, we tend to adopt several unhealthy lifestyle habits and this can have many adverse consequences on our health. Being overweight is one problem that is related largely to the unhealthy lifestyle that we lead and our unhealthy eating habits and lack of exercise aggravates the situation. Sometimes, obesity and being overweight can also be hereditary, but what is a regular feature with people who are overweight, is that they tend to suffer from several types of medical condition, which can sometimes even turn life threatening. There are several ways through which one can lose weight; in fact if you switch on the television or open a newspaper you will literally be bombarded with all the ads that claim to reduce weight magically.
Some of the claims at times come out to be true, but most of the times you will end up feeling frustrated as you will not lose any weight, rather you will end up losing lots of money in the process. If you are serious about losing weight, you must go for a stomach band surgery. Stomach band is a surgical process of losing weight and this is turning out to be hugely popular among the people as this is a very successful method of losing weight. For a stomach band surgery a person must be above the age of eighteen years and below the age of sixty two years. Also, a person can undergo the gastric band surgery only if all the other methods of reducing weight have failed. The person must be overweight for more than 5 years to be eligible to undergo a stomach band surgery.
The idea behind the gastric band is to reduce the size of the stomach so that the food intake is reduced, which in turn will help a person in reducing weight. In gastric band surgery a band is placed around the top portion of the stomach so that the stomach gets divided into two parts. Generally an adjustable stomach band is used for this weight loss surgery and that can be either tightened or loosened depending on the need. These adjustments can be made by pumping saline in or out of the inner rubber present within the ring through a reservoir and access port that is inserted just under the skin of the patient during the surgery itself.
When the size of the stomach is reduced by using the band, the food gets deposited in that small portion only and the person gets the feeling of being filled up after eating a very small portion of food. The signal which is transmitted to the brain is that the hunger has been satiated and thus the patient ends up eating a lesser portion of food. One needs to take care of the diet that they have after the surgery, if they want this method of weight reduction to be successful. The patient must strictly follow whatever the doctor has advised him or her to do.
About the Author: He advises obese people about the best methods of reducing weight depending on their health and body condition. One of the reference sites he mentions regularly for information about weight loss surgery,Stomach band is
<|endofexample|>
Left at the Altar
January 19, 2005
It's one of the longest walks you can take in your life " the walk down the aisle! How can you tell if your wedding jitters are normal or if you're trying to make it work with the wrong person?
Runaway Bride
Danae is 26 and has already cancelled five weddings! She faces some ex-fiancés.
Five Years and Counting
Stephanie and Jim have been engaged for five years. Why won't he set a date to get married?
Jilted Bride
Just one month before the wedding, Marcy's fiancé called it off over the phone.
Dr. Phil's Tip of the Day
<|endofexample|>
Dr. Elizabeth Ashworth, MD, practices Surgery in Beech Grove, IN at Cardiac & Vascular Surgery. Dr. Ashworth received her medical degree from In Univ Sch Of Med, Indianapolis In 46202.
Specialty: Surgery
View doctors who practice Surgery in Beech Grove
Gender: Female
Years of Experience: 30
DrScore strives to maintain current information on US doctors. Please let us know about any inaccuracies with our profile of Dr. Elizabeth Ashworth.
Are you Dr. Elizabeth Ash.
<|endofexample|>
Maintaining a clean, comfortable pet home requires minimal time and effort. Following is a typical cleaning schedule:
DAILY:
WEEKLY:
Keep your pet safely contained and entertained during cleanings with a Run-About Ball.
To further enhance your pet's comfort, add a cozy hideaway like Super Sleeper Critter Cuddl-E-Cup
. If you use a cage with a mesh bottom, cover a portion of it with fabric or a piece of wood to prevent foot injuries. Plus, if you keep your pet outdoors, be sure to bring him in during the cold months.
<|endofexample|>
Your cat will flip for these semi-moist, chicken-flavor premium treats. Each cat treat morsel contains delicious, natural ingredients including chicken, peas, carrots, and Menhaden fish oil. These treats are also noteworthy for the ingredients they DO NOT contain - no wheat, corn, soy, artificial colors, flavors, or by-products. You can feel good about giving your cat these chewy treats with cat-tempting flavor and aroma.
Kong Stuff 'N Morsels for Cats are perfect for use in the Kong Wobbler for Cats.
Stuff 'N Morsels for Cats are made in USA, and each measures approx 1/2" high x 3/8" diameter. Approximately 100 cat treats per package.
Shop all cat treats.
Please click on "More Information" for feeding directions, guaranteed analysis, and ingredients.
Guaranteed Analysis:
Serving size = 1 morsel
5 calories per serving (3 calories from fat per serving)
Ingredients
Chicken, Barley Flour, Brown Rice Flour, Malted Barley, Chicken Meal, Gelatin, Glycerin, Natural Flavor, Peas, Carrots, Menhaden Fish Oil, Salt, Phosphoric Acid (natural acidifier), Sorbic Acid (natural preservative), Citric Acid (natural preservative), Mixed Tocopherols, Rosemary, Taurine.
<|endofexample|>
CALL NOW TO BOOK A TOUR!1,2.
Posted in Articles | No Comments »
Imagine that you had won the following prize in a contest:
If.
Salvia divinorum - aka the ‘YouTube drug’ - is banned in many countries around the world, but not in Britain. Is it as harmless as its users claim? By Philip Sherwell ‘bong’ to those in the know). He breathes in deeply, taking a lung-full of smoke. ‘alternative’ lifestyle and, as he puts it, still ‘open. ‘What we are witnessing is no less than the world’s first internet-driven drugs explosion,’ says Dr John Mendelson, a San Francisco-based clinical pharmacologist who is conducting medical trials into how the drug works on the brain.
A video of ‘Ashley’, a young red-haired American woman, sitting on a patch of grass, laughing wildly, and wearing a perplexed look on her face has been viewed more than two million times. As she grabs at her mouth, ‘Ashley’ mutters to her friends: ‘I can’t control it. My mouth is going to fall out.’ The site also encourages people to comment on the videos and many take this opportunity to describe their own experiences. ‘I took a large hit the other night from my bong,’ says a user in response to Lee Hogan’s video. ‘ ‘10x concentrate’ is 10 times the potency of the unprocessed leaf. Prices for a gram on one British website range from £10 for the 5x extract to £35 for the 50x extract. In return, the website promises a whole range of ‘, ‘most mind-bending, totally bizzarest, weirdest, strangest experience I have ever had’. It’s difficult, he says, to explain the impact that the herb had on his brain. ‘I was pulled to my right, into the brain-curve-warp-swirl tunnel is the best I can describe it,’ he says. ‘My brain, reality as we know it and everything else just sort of fused together and became this swirling tunnel. Endless, infinite. Speaking becomes very difficult, almost impossible.’
In a nod to some kind of ‘code. ‘I am very concerned about the use and misuse of Salvia divinorum because it contains an active ingredient that can trigger hallucinations,’ says Professor Fabrizio Schifano, an expert in drug addiction based at the University of Hertfordshire. ‘For. ‘A few months earlier, one of his cousins had told me that he was smoking some weird herb,’ she recalls. ‘I looked through his computer history and found that he had been going online to buy salvia. It was the first time I had ever even heard the name. ‘I. ‘Once one surrenders the five earthly senses and the mind, they are free,’ he wrote of salvia’s effect (he used to smoke the 20x extract). ‘Sal ‘love letter’ to his mother, father, girlfriend and friends, Mrs Chidester said. At the end the handwriting went ‘weird and sloppy’ as he signed off: ‘How could I go on living once I had learned the secrets of life?’ The medical examiner subsequently listed salvia as a contributory factor on his death certificate. ‘A psychologist who analysed the suicide note told us that he was under the influence of a drug when he wrote it,’ his mother said.
‘The ‘Bre. ‘I am concerned about the use and misuse of Salvia divinorum because it contains an active ingredient that can trigger hallucinations,’ he says. ‘, ‘If. ‘The web provides an early warning system about the use of drugs,’ he says. ‘.
‘As scientists, we did a good job of explaining that those synthetic drugs are dangerous,’ he says. ‘But.
‘.
‘It was clear to them that salvia was harmful, emotionally and possibly physically, and they were frustrated that there was nothing they could do,’ he says. ‘. ‘Salvia Sold Here’ signs adorn the windows of various ‘head. ‘100x must be a killer,’ said the Briton. ‘I. ‘How can you make this illegal?’ she asked. ‘: ‘Every. ‘Make no mistake, salvia is not a recreational drug,’ he adds. ‘It can be terrifying. It feels in part like a near-death experience but that can also be a blissful experience.’
Such praise for the drug does not impress Prof Schifano: ‘Salvia is not some innocuous drug,’ he says. ‘We should be very concerned about the potential for psychotic episodes.’ For Kathy Chidester, the experience is deeply, sadly personal. ‘My sincere hope,’ she tells me, ‘is that no other family will ever have salvia involved in the death
of their child or loved one.’
Subscribe in a reader
<|endofexample|>
A Special Podcast Series on Teen Addiction and What Parents Can Do to Get Help.
Tom Hedrick, Senior Communication Officer and Founding Member of The Partnership at Drugfree.org, and Lorraine McNeill-Popper, a member of our Parent Advisory Board, were interviewed by New York City’s Z100 radio personality, Trey Morgan, as part of his “30 Deeds in 30 Days” campaign on September 19, 2010.
We have captured their interviews in a series of five podcasts:
It’s good that parents are helping out.
Kids always need a parent to look up too.
<|endofexample|>
Join the 'Zithromax' group to help and get support from people like you.
Zithromax Support Group
Summary
Our support group for Zithromax has 119 questions and 23 members. Updated 18 May 2013.
Latest Blog Post
Antibiotic Azithromycin Won't Harm Healthy Hearts: Study
WEDNESDAY, May 1 – The widely used antibiotic azithromycin (Zithromax or Zmax) – under scrutiny recently because it may increase the risk of death for those with existing heart disease – appears ...
Latest Questions
Popular Questions
Zithromax Z-Pak - Will a Z-pak treat UTI?
How long does zithromax stay in your system?
Further Information
Related Condition Support Groups
Upper Respiratory Tract Infection, Bacterial Infection, Bronchitis, Chlamydia Infection, Pneumonia, Skin and Structure Infection, STD Prophylaxis, Sinusitis, Lyme Disease -- Erythema Chronicum Migrans, view more... Typhoid Fever, Otitis Media, Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, Nongonococcal Urethritis, Skin Infection, Granuloma Inguinale, Gonococcal Infection -- Uncomplicated, Toxoplasmosis, Tonsillitis/Pharyngitis, Pharyngitis, Pertussis Prophylaxis, Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare -- Treatment, Chancroid, Cervicitis, Bartonellosis, Bacterial Endocarditis Prevention, Bacterial Endocarditis Prophylaxis, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease, Acute, Cystic Fibrosis, Mycoplasma Pneumonia, Babesiosis, Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare -- Prophylaxis, Legionella Pneumonia, Pertussis
Search this Group
Ask a Question
Top Group Members
In this group:
30 answers, 10% most helpful
Active 34 minutes ago
In this group:
18 answers, 6% most helpful
Active 1 day ago
In this group:
6 answers
Active 27 Apr 2013
In this group:
2 answers
Active 2 days ago
In this group:
1 answer
Active 25 Apr 2013
<|endofexample|>
Sensitive Skin
Made in Greece
©2010 Bic USA)
Cheap and efficient
By angelauoo
from United States
describe yourself Clean Shaven
See all my reviews
Follow me
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Comments about BIC Twin Select Sensitive for Men, Disposable Shaver, 10 ea:
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
Comment on this review
<|endofexample|>
Prevents
Eye irritant. Do not get in the eyes. First Aid: Rinse with water for 15 minutes. If irritation persists, call a doctor.
Keep out of reach of children.
Disposal; offer empty container for recycling. If recycling is not available, discard container in trash.
©The Clorox Company
(2 of 2 customers found this review helpful)
Works very well
By Sea Star
from Vancouver, Canada
describe yourself Meticulous Cleaner
See all my reviews
Follow me
Comments about Tilex Fresh Shower Daily Shower Cleaner, Original Scent, 32 fl oz:
This product works well to keep your tub and shower clean on a daily basis. Plus, it has no irritating chemical or bleach smell at all, making it safe for you and your family.
Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
Comment on this review
If You Hate to Clean Showers...
By Amanda
from Chicago
describe yourself Casual Cleaner
I HATE to clean the shower but this is nearly revolutionary. In 7 months I've yet to find any mildew or other junk between the tiles or in any nooks and crannies. You know how there's almost always at least some build-up underneath the soap holder? None! (just make sure you spray some Tilex there)
Can't Praise This Product Enough
By JennieB
from Florida
Fresh and clean is a miracle cleaner. I started using it on newly installed glass shower doors and then used it on old and badly marked old shower doors. The old doors are now almost crystal clear. The new doors remain perfect. Wish this product had been around when the old shower doors were installed 20 years ago.. Can't say praise it highly enough.
Soaking Tubs
By Marjorie not meticulous
from Vermont
I like to take bathes. I do NOT like to scrub bath tubs. Tilex works on a tub as well as a shower. I just let the tub empty, spritz it with the hand shower first, then use the Tilex. Honestly I forget I do it, come into the bathroom and hour later, and you think some one has recently cleaned the tub.
excellent product
By nyitaly
from New YOok, NY
Have used this product for several years after learning about it from a friend.
Keeps the shower cleaner
By carak2000
from New York, NY
If you spritz this all around the shower after you are finished, you will keep the shower cleaner in between more serious scrubbings. This product definitely allows for there to be more time in between serious cleanings.
Surprisingly effective
By Nayana
from Sunnyvale, CA
I got this product, because I have a horrible time trying to keep the old shower doors clean in our rented apartment. I started using the spray on a 'dirty' shower, just to see how well it worked. After a few days, I noticed gunk piling up on the lower half of the shower. The next time I showered, I just wiped these buildups with a sponge and the shower has been clean ever since. We have a problem with mildew buildup around our tub, but this product has so far reduced the extent of that problem.
Easy cleaning
By fire guy
from Dallas, Texas
Good for daily use to keep the shower clean but a once a week complete clean is needed as the product does leave a soapy residue if you do not get a cloth and wash the shower down at least once a week. Good fast way to assure a clean mildew free shower from daily use. May streak glass enclosures closer to the bottom but still looks good.
(4 of 4 customers found this review helpful)
If your shower is clean to begin with...
By Guy
from Somewhere, PA
describe yourself Renter
...this will definitely keep it clean. The only downside is that a bottle only lasts about about a month or so. Still, it's cheaper than hiring a cleaner, and less backbreaking than cleaning your shower.
(3 of 4 customers found this review helpful)
If your shower isn't ...
By Elyse W
from Santa Barbara, CA
If your shower isn't completely clean before using this, this isn't worth using. It does stop water spots on the shower glass door, however. And the fragrance is nice.
Safety First:
<|endofexample|>
Ofcourse, we all knew that it has astronomical roots, but you can see the details.
also pleased as it meant I got the orientation right of my tattoo!!!
Druid Faqir wrote:also pleased as it meant I got the orientation right of my tattoo!!!
THAT is also interesting; how did you do that?
Golden Eagle wrote:Oooh thanks for posting this, I'd always wondered about any deeper meaning of the yin/yang.
Return to The Common Quest
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guest
<|endofexample|>
Message board of the Order of Bards, Ovates and Druids
by Beith » 21 Jan 2004, 18:23
by Beith » 23 Jan 2004, 12:27
by Blair » 05 Feb 2004, 23:51
by Beith » 10 Feb 2004, 21:45
by Tigerna » 24 Feb 2004, 18:19
by Blair » 24 Feb 2004, 21:07
by Tigerna » 25 Feb 2004, 18:32
by Beith » 26 Feb 2004, 15:40
by Blair » 26 Feb 2004, 17:13
by Beith » 26 Feb 2004, 19:01
by Tigerna » 26 Feb 2004, 19:24
by Beith » 26 Feb 2004, 19:26
by rowan » 28 Feb 2004, 20:04
by yewtree » 04 Mar 2004, 12:21
by Beith » 08 Mar 2004, 18:18
by Beith » 12 May 2005, 22:20
by sidhe » 28 Jun 2005, 16:24
by Philip » 08 Jul 2005, 16:08
by raeven » 25 Sep 2005, 16:16
by sidhe » 25 Sep 2005, 17:21
Return to Action Alerts: What can YOU do?
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 2 guests
<|endofexample|>
01 - Ronson
Created way back in late 2002, Duck and Quail was a short lived community comic that told the story of the site's "Drunk Duck" character and his pal Quail.
The first strip was done by Ronson/Chuck Rowles the creator of the "The Gods of ArrKelaan" comic.
demontales at 9:44AM, June 18, 2011
When the duck will sober, it just won't be the same again
Locoma at 5:25PM, June 13, 2011
holy shit man, instant fave!! KEEP THEM COMIN'
Chernobog at 4:53PM, June 13, 2011
You know, I just saw Skool bring this comic up in mentioning on the forums. I guess that's related.
VegaX at 3:59PM, June 13, 2011
It was short lived mainly because not many people made strips for it. So the project kinda died unfortunately. Perhaps it would be fun to start it up again?
Ice 9 at 3:57PM, June 13, 2011
Got to question why it was short lived. You got to love the duck right.
<|endofexample|>
As far as Ive seen most modern comic sites allow you to change to the next page by hitting the right arrow on the keyboard. Which is alot moe comfortable when reading a large archive, or in general.
I suggest you get that going on drunkduck too, I mean if everyone else can do it it shouldn't be a huge issue?
Help, Support and Suggestions
This is a suggestion
Eddie Jensen at 8:41AM, Oct. 12, 2011
if I was a teapot I think I'd be orange.
skoolmunkee at 9:12AM, Oct. 13, 2011
that's an interesting idea. :] I hope Wowio is able to do some things on DD soon so we can get to neat improvements like this one.
<|endofexample|>
Wine market zooms, blogger buyout, NYC BYOB, and points mania — tasting sized pours
Liquid assets
“I’d bought the wine before it was even bottled, as futures, for $350, and I unloaded it for enough money to purchase a car.” Elin McCoy on her 1982 Chateau Lafleur in a piece on the wine market today. The bluest blue chip? Lafite. But could a correction be coming? [Bloomberg]
Blog buyout
Gary Vaynerchuck, video blogger and owner of the store Wine Library in Springfield, NJ buys out the social networking site, Cork’d. I wonder what Dan and Dan are uncorking tonight? [via Lenndevours]
BYOB in NYC
NY mag has a list of six BYOBs with decent wine shops conveniently located around the corner. [NY mag]
Crank it up to 11
“Another barroom brawl on the BB…hey, is that what BB really stands for?” -Commenter in the fray about point inflation over on eBob. Keep scrolling (post 242) to when Mark Squires compares Parker to Galileo! [eBob]
Related: “Lake Wobegon wines” [Dr. V]
Map of New York City wine shops [Dr. V]
On February 26th, 2008 at 2:51 pm ,Mike D wrote:
NYCers,
Looking for a low key resaurant this friday with a quality wine list. Any thoughts?
i was looking into
Thank you,
Mike
<|endofexample|>
Maintaining healthy cholesterol levels has never been easier!
Advanced Cholesterol Essentials
Item# CHE
What.!
Ingredients & Dosage
Advanced Cholesterol Essentials 1 softgel gives you...
Other ingredients: Gelatin, glycerin, soy lecithin, caramel (for color), glycerol monostearate, titanium dioxide
CONTAINS: SOY
‡Cholactiv® is a registered trademark of Indena S.p.A.
Dosage:
Take 1 softgel daily with a meal. For additional support, take 2 softgels Heart & Circulatory Health:
Horse Chestnut Vein Care (30-day supply)
Item# YFK10
$18.75
BioActive Q (100 mg) (30-day supply)
Item# BAQ (100 mg)
$62.99
<|endofexample|>
reply to HiVolt
reply to J E F F Bautista to have season ending surgery:»
Bautista to have season ending surgery:
I just hope he will be 100% come spring training. Jays can't lose his bat.
Who knows though... Bautista was not a major power hitter all of his career, nor is his body style all big and juiced up... In fact he wasn't a regular until he joined the Jays... So I'd say he shouldn't be worn out at all by 35...
Actually...I did your first few points: We didn't expect this from out dude, we should be replaceable with something close.--If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Ricky Romero just can't catch a break... for once he doesnt suck, 7IP only 2ER, 2BB, yet the Jays can't score and they lose 2-1...
Jays won 2 out of 3 vs the Yanks... First and only series win in August... Yup, that's how bad this month was... Could have swept them really, if they only had scored a couple more runs in the 2nd game...
Looks like the roof is stuck at the Rogers Centre. Oddly, it was closed when they started, opened during the game, now they are attempting to close it again.Not sure if they forgot, but you need to wait 2 hours between opening/closing.Rain is coming down HARD! LOL. Fire the weather man! Fire the crew that decided to open this beast!--If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Actually, I am quite surprised with all the umbrella's that are up. Not surprised in the way people would have them, since it was a rainy day. Just weird seeing them at the SkyDome.--If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Jays swept the Red Sox this weekend...Team looked much better in having Lawrie & Arencibia back....Red Sox are now last in the AL East. Lets hope they finish there.--GO BLUE JAYS!
Red Sox are hurting right now. Almost as bad as the Jays.Wouldn't be surprised if Bobby V. does't make it to Tuesday game.--If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
If they haven't fired him by now, I don't think they will... If anything, he might just resign... Managers have been known to resign with even a few games left, when the pressure of a terrible season is just too much to bear to just keep coming out on the field and make decisions that you know don't matter and that they wont be back for next year.
reply to J E F F
reply to ZZZZZZZ
Yikes...
quote:Blue Jays Yunel Escobar played game with homophobic slur written across eyeblack Saturdays game against the Boston Red Sox with the Spanish words TU ERE MARICON written on an eyeblack sticker, a black patch baseball players wear under their eyes to reduce the suns glare.The phrases most common English translation is You are a faggot. Other translations are less explicitly homophobic, but more of an emasculating insult.A league spokesman told the Star via email they are looking into the matter.»···ye-black
I was wondering what Escobar meant by putting that on his face. The translation isn't 100% clear, at least on the meaning and intent. It has several meanings: You're calling someone a faggot, it can also mean jerk or *sshole. It can also question a guys 'manhood', sort of the way Arnold Schwarzenegger calls weak men "girly man".Escobar is an idiot for getting himself into the spotlight this way. However, it goes to show just how far our political correctness has gone. This picture apparently was taken by a season ticket holder who posted it on his site. At some point, he noticed the wording and looked it up and "just had to say something". No one else noticed it. But now it has made international news. Some people need to learn to STFU.Of course, I don't condone Yunel's actions. And it's a good thing the organization is distancing themselves from his stupidity.For the edit: When I was in school (and it wasn't that long ago..although 20 years +) calling someone a "fag" didn't always mean something homophobic. It was always in the context. You messed up, "You're such a fag!" You ratted on a student "Faggot!". It wasn't until maybe grade 8 or so that it started to become homophobic slang.Since Escobar is Cuban I'm trying to find how that worded is used in context in that country. It does refer to a 'gay' person but in a non-derogatory way. (so as far as I read)--If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Escobar is an idiot for getting himself into the spotlight this way. However, it goes to show just how far our political correctness has gone.
Not sure if you listened to the press conference, but the Blue Jays should have decided punishment AFTER the press conference rather than before. This press conference was an embarrassment to the organization and Rogers. A complete PR disaster. Alex tried to smooth things over but it is clear that Escobar should be given his walking papers. Just release him. During the conference I was thinking "It is me, or is he just digging himself a massive hole"...it was cut short because the Fan590 had to put on Vacation Bob, but he got right into this whole Escobar thing. He was totally shocked with the way Yunel handled himself. Certainly didn't help that Escobar refused to answer anything in english but rather hid behind his native language. It got worse when he wouldn't/couldn't explain why he did it, then went out to say "I have gay friends".It was a "wow" moment. Most....I mean all...of the callers that called in were disgusted with the whole thing and swore up and down never to go to a Jays game again. (well, unless they are contenders) I won't go to that extreme, but I sure do hope the Jays consider moving him elsewhere in the offseason.--If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
<|endofexample|>
reply to veryfat
This is not anything to do with logging on (see polite and respectful reminder).
reply to veryfat FWIW - I checked my XP Pro machine that and it brings up the Task Manager as well. I am used to it bringing up the log on/off screen BUT - I have my user set to log in with the password when I click the user. I don't have it set to enter the password when logging in.--Brian"It drops into your stomach like a Abrams's tank.... driven by Rosanne Barr..." A. Bourdain
<|endofexample|>
reply to Sweettxchick
sorry i posted the sprint coverage map and not the tower map..here is the tower map.»network.sprint.com/search/75603/
reply to Sweettxchick It looks like you are on 3G, that is great speed for 3G, should you be getting 4G? If not, that is much higher for 3G than most people get, that pingtest looks really good too.
If that is great speeds for Sprint network then i think I will just switch to the Verizon plan that millenicom has. 2mb down speed equals like 200kBps..with Verizon i was getting speeds of more than 8mb down (which would equal solid 1.5MBps download speed and downloaded about 3GB of info in about 15 minutes. For the same amount of info at the speeds im getting now it will take like 5hrs or more and use tons of internet bandwidth.) Also on the Verizon hotspot when i played WoW my latency was around 150, I have yet to try it while using Sprint
Lakeport huh, I used to work out at the gregg county airport.You really do need to get on the verizon plan. I had sprint and verizon at the same time to test them out and sprint was horrible. Especially for online gaming. For good latency, consistency is even better than seeing some high speeds. High speeds are nice, but if they fluctuate non stop that will ruin your latency in any game. I play WoW as well, and am on the Verizon network.
reply to Sweettxchick Are?
reply to m12345s)
<|endofexample|>
.
"The demand for our services has increased over the past three years. For example, we have seen a 35 percent increase in the number of food stamp cases statewide from 2007 to 2010," Nichols said. "Our current office structure and business processes cannot continue to meet the needs of Louisiana residents. We must adapt to current and future budget pressures and the growing need of our clients and modernize our delivery system in order to sustain our services."
Nichols said DSS has 165 offices in parishes across the state with multiple office locations in many parishes. This costs the agency approximately $27.6 million annually in rent and leases alone.
"Currently, some clients must visit two or three different office locations to get the services and information they need from DSS. This wastes our clients' time and transportation resources and poses an unnecessary cost to taxpayers," said Nichols.
As part of DSS' new plan, the agency will consolidate 20 parish and regional offices. Following the consolidations, residents in these areas will have the option to conduct DSS business by phone or Internet without ever having to visit a physical office. Clients would also be able to visit another DSS office or utilize DSS community partner sites.
The offices that will be consolidated by July 1 are either family assistance or regional offices that have month-to-month leases, do not provide direct client services or are in close proximity to other DSS office locations in the same or adjacent parishes.
Nichols said that the focus of the agency's plan is on improving customer service and making it easier for clients to apply for the services by eliminating the need for clients to physically visit an office. DSS has already instated a phone interview process for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP, formerly Food Stamps), with plans for a call center and an online application to be active in late summer. Eventually clients will be able to access their case records electronically. Through these three main service points, clients will be able to access services by phone or from any computer with Internet access.
To supplement this service delivery model, DSS is partnering with local community organizations that serve similar client populations. The purpose of the Community Partnership Initiative is to create a collaborative network of regional and community organizations that can assist clients with varying levels of support, from simply providing information about DSS services to guiding clients through the application process.
There are many different ways in which community organizations can choose to partner with DSS. A community partner may choose to be a self-service point of access or an assisted point of access. Self-service sites will provide basic information regarding DSS Services, access to equipment such as Internet capable computers, telephones, fax machines, printers or scanners. Alternately, community partners may choose to provide a higher level of service including confidential space for customers to complete the application for benefits. They also may encourage or assist clients in filing of the online application for benefits. In each case, it is up to the community partner to decide which level of service they would like to provide.
Community partners will not determine eligibility for DSS program benefits. DSS will continue to be responsible for processing all applications completed at a community partner site. This includes interviewing the applicant, determining eligibility for benefits, and notifying applicants of the decision.
Ultimately, DSS' new model of service delivery will include a statewide network of community partners, satellite offices, other state agency offices, roving workers, DSS District Service Centers and access via phone and Internet, which will provide multiple options for accessing services within each community to meet the individual needs of clients.
- 30 -
627 N. Fourth St. | Baton Rouge, LA 70802 | PH: (225) 342-0286 | FX: (225) 342-8636 |
PROFILE OPTIONS:
Subscribe
|
Unsubscribe
|
Manage Account
|
Archives
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you are having trouble viewing this message, please
.
<|endofexample|>
- Boards & Committees
- Civil Rights Policy & Procedures
- Forms
- Initiatives
- Manuals
- Meet Acting Commissioner Schultze
- Mission, Vision & Strategic Planning
- News Releases & Media Contacts
- Organizational Structure
- Practice Models
- Register to Vote
- Reports & Studies
- Adult Related
- Assistance/Benefit Related
- Broad Based
- Child Related
- Child Support Related
- Community Support Related
- Requesting Records
- State Plans
- Web Policy
- Abuse & Neglect
- Adoption & Foster Care
- Adoption
- Child Placing Agencies (CPA) - Licensed
- Family Engagement
- Foster Care (FC)
- Interstate Compact on Adoption & Medical Assistance (ICAMA)
- Interstate/Intercountry Placement of Children (ICPC)
- Promoting Safe and Stable Families (PSSF)
- Services for Older Youth
- Title IV-E
- Virginia Putative Father Registry
- Adult & Child Care
- Adult Day Care Centers (ADCC)
- Assisted Living Facilities (ALF)
- Background Investigations - Adult Facilities
- Background Investigations - Children's Facilities
- Child Care Guidance for Parents
- Child Care Provider Training & Development
- Child Day Care
- Children's Residential Facilities (CRF)
- Assistance
- Adult Services (AS)
- Auxiliary Grants (AG)
- Benefits - Disqualification Hearing
- Benefits - Frequently Asked Questions
- Benefits & Services Appeals
- Benefits - Verification Requirements
- Benefits - Your Responsibilities
- Child Care Assistance
- Disaster Assistance
- Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC)
- Energy Assistance (EA)
- Food Assistance (SNAP/EBT/TEFAP/WIC)
- General Relief (GR)
- Healthcare Reform & You
- Medical Assistance Programs
- Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF)
- Child Support
- Community Support
- Careers
©Commonwealth of Virginia 2006-2013Contact Us Mission & Strategic Plan Web Policy Civil Rights Policy & Procedures
Virginia Department of Social Services, 801 E. Main Street, Richmond, VA 23219-2901
Virginia Department of Social Services, 801 E. Main Street, Richmond, VA 23219-2901
<|endofexample|>
Sorry, this item is sold out!
Looks like you've got more shoe shopping to do - have fun!
Looks like you've got more shoe shopping to do - have fun!
Item # 244165
UPC # 885922878209
UPC # 885922878209
Let the modern look of the PUMA® Osu NM sneaker help bring you closer to that clean and unique style you've been looking for.
P.S. These kicks were also made for speed, so try them on your next run or work out and experience the comfort, flexibility and superior fit needed to run for miles and cross train for hours.
- Synthetic suede and mesh upper
- Bootie construction and hook-and-loop closure for easy on/off
- Eco-Ortholite™ footbed
- Flexible midsole
- Rubber sole with deep flex grooves for optimal flexibility and comfort
- Weight: 10 oz
- Imported
<|endofexample|>
TOUCH OF THE LIGHT
Muhr AsiaAfrica Feature
Synopsis
Based on true events related to the life of Taiwanese piano prodigy Huang Yu-Siang (played by Siang himself), this is a story of inspiration, discovery and love. Born to a rural family in Taiwan unprepared for the birth of a blind son, Siang is a curious and precocious child. His family’s love and support help him grow up without any barriers, until he has to face the real world in university. He soon crosses paths with Jie, a beautiful but frustrated vendor who dreams of being a dancer, but can’t break free from life’s harsh realities. Under the influence of Siang’s fearless determination and optimism, she is inspired to hold on to her dream.
Genre
Drama
Cast & Credits
- Director: Chang Jung-chi
- Producer: Hong Tat Cheung, Jacky Pang Yee Wah
- Scriptwriter: Li Nien-Hsiu
- Cinematographer: Dylan Doyle
- Editor: Li Nien-Hsiu
- Composer: Huang Yu-Siang, Wen Tzu-Chieh
- Cast (in alphabetical order): Huang Yu-Siang, Lee Lieh, Sandrine Pinna
12+
<|endofexample|>
|
Directions
|
Softball Schedule
|
Photo Gallery
The best Guinness this side of the pond. Period.
The Dublin House is a real, New York City, Irish, neighborhood bar. Been around since before Prohibition, and located on the Upper West Side, 79th Street between Broadway and Amsterdam, it is literally and figuratively a historical landmark. It was the first thing sailors saw after docking at the 79th Street boat basin.
Back in the day, people stopped in for a couple before work, so the Dublin House has always opened at 8am. Always has, still does, every day except Sunday when it opens at noon - closes at 4am seven days a week.
VOTED #2 DIVE BAR ON AOL'S
A Brief History
An Irish guy named Carway first rented the Dublin House in 1921 from its then-owners, whose previous tenant was an orphanage. Prohibition had started two years earlier, so from the outside it looked like a residence, but thanks to certain business arrangements with the local authorities, inside it was a full bar and restaurant. The first floor was the bar, the second floor the restaurant, the back of the third floor was the kitchen, and a dumb waiter operated where the phone booth currently is.
Carway bought the whole building in 1933 after Prohibition ended and immediately affixed the Dublin House's iconic neon harp to the facade. The bar remained family-owned and operated for the next 85 years - Carway's nephew Chris Water took over in mid-stream - until Mike Cormican bought it in 2006. Mike is Dublin House family: one, he's Irish, as in "born in Ireland," and two, most importantly, he's been the Dublin House's main bartender for 16 years, working six nights a week, behind the stick, walking the planks.
<|endofexample|>
A New Hampshire folk singer has a standing date with Amazing Grace Bakery & Café: Bill Staines always plays a show at the Canal Park venue on the Thursday before the last Saturday in February.
It’s been that way since the café opened in 1995.
“I’m drawn to one place and play every year until they won’t have me anymore,” Staines said.
The prolific singer came of age in the thick of the Mitchell-Garfunkel-Baez era in Boston and is a heavy touring singer-songwriter known for his upside-down guitar playing, yodeling and depth of catalogue.
He’s been heard on “A Prairie Home Companion” and the HBO series “Deadwood.”
Mostly he lives the old-school folk singer lifestyle, traveling around the country in his Jeep and playing 150-200 shows a year at coffee shops, festivals, auditoriums and living rooms.
“I’ve played one place in Massachusetts for 43 years in a row,” Staines said. “Who’s going to be the evil demon that says we can’t hire Bill next year?”
Playing Duluth
Staines said he was contacted by late owner Chip Stewart back when the café started booking music. Once Staines finds a place he likes, he likes to double back to it, he said.
Staines’ regular Duluth stop became a natural extension of an annual three-day stand in Minneapolis the last weekend in February. The details of his Minneapolis show have changed over the years, but the Amazing Grace gig remains set.
“Oh, it’s great,” Staines said. “It’s a very intimate crowd. The atmosphere — it’s like playing in your living room almost. People are really warm and it’s usually brutally cold outside. It’s just a very warm feeling.”
John Ward and Lori Hatten have worked as sound techs around town and were on board when Staines started playing his regular gigs at Amazing Grace.
“I’ve seen almost all of them,” Ward said. “He’s the consummate Americana singer-songwriter. He just weaves great stories. His songs are memorable and thematic. They have a kind of Western feel, which is unusual because he’s from the Northeast.”
February has become the time of year when Staines books shows in Chicago, Wisconsin, Duluth and Minneapolis. He played Tuesday at Edison Club in Antigo, Wis., and on Wednesday was en route to a show at Bo Diddley’s Pub & Deli in St. Cloud, Minn. From Duluth he will travel St. Peter, Minn.
Staines estimates that he travels 65,000 miles per year by car.
“It’s the only thing I’ve ever known,” he said of the lifestyle.
On Wednesday, Staines’ road companion was a recording of Jack London’s “Call of the Wild.”
Staines’ career
Staines once held a traditional job. He worked for Sears Roebuck for four years out of high school. But it was the folk music scene in the local coffee houses that drew him. The Boston-Cambridge area was host to Joan Baez, Judy Collins, Gordon Lightfoot, Art Garfunkel and more — artists who would play in front of a crowd of 90 people.
“It was a great time to grow up in the Boston area,” he said. “I, myself, was playing at the smaller clubs.”
In 1969 he quit his day job and never went back.
“I was immersed in the music,” he said. “It became a snowball effect. Gradually I was touring more and more and then it was 45 years later.”
Staines has written children’s songs, campfire songs and church songs. A News Tribune reviewer described Staines’ live performance in a review of his 2010 album “Old Dogs”:
“It wasn’t his comfortable well-crafted songs about love, cowboys, the road and aging; it wasn’t his pleasant half-sung, half-spoken vocal style; it wasn’t his easy stage manner, interacting with the audience the way only someone who has toured endlessly over the last 40 years could; and it wasn’t even the occasional yodel that graces many performances. It was his guitar playing! It was backwards and upside down. … Staines’ guitar playing seemed so bizarrely achieved that I was glued, so to speak, to the fingerboard during his show.”
His 20th album, “Beneath Some Lucky Star,” was released in fall 2012.
Go see it
What: Bill Staines
When: 7 p.m. today
Where: Amazing Grace Bakery & Café, 394 S. Lake Ave.
Tickets: $15 at the door
Tags: canal park, arts and entertainment, wave, entertainment, music, duluth, artsMore from around the web
<|endofexample|>
Wisconsin governor schedules 'brat summit' for TuesdayFire up the grill with some nonpartisan charcoal or bipartisan propane. Gov. Scott Walker's brat summit is on.
By: Associated Press report, Associated Press
MADISON — Fire up the grill with some nonpartisan charcoal or bipartisan propane.
Gov. Scott Walker's brat summit is on.
Walker scheduled the informal social cookout for Tuesday afternoon, one week after he easily won a recall election that was sparked largely by initiatives he pushed through the Legislature with little or no bipartisan support.
On the night of his 7-point election win, Walker and his defeated opponent, Democratic Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, stressed the need for the two political parties to work together and move the state forward with less acrimony.
Walker's first idea, the brat summit, was a familiar way to break the ice in a state where people love their malted beverages and encased meats.
Democratic leaders in the Senate and Assembly, Sen. Mark Miller of Monona and Rep. Peter Barca of Kenosha, both plan to attend the summit at the governor's mansion.
“I welcome the governor's pledge to govern in a new way and will accept his offer of brats and beer,” Miller said in a statement. “I want to give him the benefit of hospitality that has been extended.”
Democratic Sen. Chris Larson of Milwaukee, one of the most outspoken critics of Walker's agenda, said he would like to go but his wife is working and he has to stay home with his 1-month-old child.
Still, Larson said Walker needs to do more than just down a couple of brats and beers to show he's serious about engaging with Democrats.
“For sure it's a great photo op for him but are we going to sit down and work on jobs?” Larson said. “I'm not interested in getting a brat and a beer, I want to work on creating jobs.”
Larson, a former Milwaukee County supervisor, said Walker took the same tactic after winning election as Milwaukee County executive. He met with supervisors, but there were no shared policy initiatives, roundtables or any attempts to include Democrats, Larson said.
Walker invited both lawmakers, their spouses and two staffers each to the two-hour picnic. There was no word on what type of brats or beer would be served.
Brats, believe it or not, have become entangled in the hyper-partisan environment that engulfed the state since Walker took office. Two alternative brat festivals were organized in Madison last year, featuring locally produced brats, in protest over the World's Largest BratFest.
Brats at that fundraiser over Memorial Day weekend were donated by Johnsonville Sausage, whose executives, family members and employees made campaign contributions to Walker. That connection proved to be unappetizing for some liberals in Madison who organized the alternative festivals that were held for a second year, a week before Walker's recall victory.
Tags: wisconsin legislature, news, wisconsin, politics, elections, legislature, food, updatesMore from around the web
<|endofexample|>
How to Identify Ideal M&A Advisors
Whether you’re a Buyer or Seller, successfully completing M&A transactions requires a skilled team of advisors who have negotiating experience, the right temperament to deal with many different personalities, and the willingness to listen to you whine and pout.
At the core, a deal is very simple: A Buyer gives a Seller money or some other store of value in exchange for a company. But a deal isn’t just about numbers; it’s about the personalities of the Buyer and Seller. Those personalities are what make completing a deal complicated.
Ideally, your deal advisors should have the following traits:
Depth of correct experience: In addition to being an expert in law, accounting, tax issues, or whatever, make sure the person is an expert in M&A deal-making. The attorney who wrote your will or disputed your property taxes may not be the person to advise you during an M&A transaction.
Confidence and self-assuredness: You need someone who’s willing to challenge you and tell you when you have a bad idea. After all, if your advisor can’t or won’t tell you your idea is bad, how can you know when you legitimately have a good idea?
Challenging you is just half the equation; your advisors should be able to stand up to the other side as well.
Tact and professionalism: Negotiations during the sale of business can often become contentious and frustrating, thus devolving into name- calling and recrimination. An M&A professional should always refrain from letting business decisions and discussions become personal.
Ability to serve as a sounding board: A good advisor should be able hold your hand (figuratively, of course) as you navigate the ambiguities of M&A. You also want an advisor who can offer you a shoulder to cry on when things get difficult or frustrating, an ear to listen when you vent, and a firm hand to slap you back into reality when you need it.
Logic and reason: Negotiating doesn’t mean forcing your will upon the other party. It involves understanding the needs and wants of the other side and working together, in good faith, to craft a mutually beneficial agreement. The ability to reason and logically explain your rationale is a key consideration for an advisor, and someone adept at the Socratic method is ideal.
Calmness: Advisors need to be calm, cool, and collected rather than prone to being overly emotional. Emotions can run hot in mergers and acquisitions.
A company often represents a Seller’s life’s work, and dissecting that through the M&A process often makes Sellers feel open and vulnerable as they look back on mistakes they may have made and how those errors are affecting the proceedings.
Buyers worry about financing and whether they’re making a good buy; a bad acquisition can ruin a career. When you’re in that kind of state, you want calm advisors to rely on.
Creativity: A creative brain is a huge asset for an advisor. There’s more than one way to pull off an M&A deal. If one plan doesn’t work, you want an advisor who can jump in with another idea.
Willingness to negotiate: Deals rarely get done if one side is digging in its heels. Advisors who are willing to negotiate and try different ideas are what often get deals across the finish line.
Perseverance and foresight: A good advisor, especially one of the been there, done that variety, knows that deal-making is often a marathon, not a sprint. The advisor’s ability to see long term, anticipate problems and the other side’s next move, and stick with the deal is an enormous boon to getting deals done.
Consider asking whether a consultant, especially the legal or accounting type, would be willing to work on some sort of flat-fee basis. You can always offer those consultants the long-term relationship in exchange for a lower rate or flat fee now.
<|endofexample|>
.
_1<<
ABS piping is easier to work with and less expensive than metal piping. It also doesn't rot, rust, or corrode.
These ceiling tiles are specially designed to improve sound quality and reduce noise levels.
ADA-compliant showers are designed to allow individuals with disabilities greater freedom to access the shower. Some showers are made so a wheelchair can roll in, and some are designed for transferring to a seat in the shower.
The Adirondack style (1890s-present) embraces rustic, natural, often made of bark-covered logs or simple planks.
Adjustable shelving systems involve open wire shelves that can be adjusted to suit your individual needs.
A power tool for painting that uses high pressure to force paint through a small tip very quickly.
A device that helps you to eliminate squeaks in floors by placing nails at the right depth and breaking them off below the floor's surface.
A paint that has an oil base. Alkyd paint is extremely durable and easy to clean; however, it requires mineral spirits to remove.
American country style that stresses antiques and folk art, basically pieces and fabrics from America's past.
The Southwest look blends the colors and styles of the Native American cultures and the west.
The ADA is a law signed in 1990 that requires buildings and businesses to provide equal accessibility for individuals with disabilities.
A color scheme using colors that are located next to each other on the color wheel.
A type of bolt used to anchor or mount something securely.
A narrow paintbrush that is angled to allow more control in corners and other tight areas.
A wardrobe that has drawers and shelves. It can be used for either clothing or as an entertainment center.
The Art Deco Style (1918-1939) is fashion-oriented and influenced by primitive art and cubism.
The Art Nouveau style (circa 1900) was the first new style not using any historical reference was based on flowing lines of leaves and vines and influenced by Japanese art.
The Arts and Crafts style (circa 1900) uses simple designs executed in natural wood. Emphasized hand craftsmanship, quality materials, and strong, clean lines.
A stiff bristled broom that is designed for working with asphalt.
A tool with a handle and a long, sharp pointed end used for punching holes into things like wood or leather.
Awning windows are hinged at the top and swing outward via a crank or lever.
The gravity-operated valve that controls the flow of water into the toilet tank.
Baseboards are the finish strips between the floor and the wall and range in width from 3 to 18 inches.
_25<<
Bauhaus design (1919-1933) is based on unifying art and technology. Little ornamentation. Function, form, and materials (metal tubing, glass, and other technological, machine-made materials) most important.
A bay window is a large picture window that projects outside the walls of the building.
A line of caulk that has been applied to a seam. Use a finger or tool to smooth out the bead to seal the surface.
A form of paneling, traditionally made of wood, with tongue-and-groove boards running the height of the panels. Also called wainscoting.
Boots, the rubber seals that are around the electric service and plumbing vent pipes, air vents, and exhaust fan flashing.
A type of nail with a very small head used for securing molding.
Most towns or counties require a permit to build on or change a property. During different stages of the job and at its completion, the work is inspected to ensure that it meets the building codes.
A thick block of wood made from laminating several strips of wood together. Butcher blocks are often used as a cutting surface.
The fat end of a shingle.
A faucet with a cartridge filter built in to filter drinking water.
_36<<
Commonly used before 1960 for the vertical drain, vent stacks, and sometimes the horizontal drain lines. Cast iron is durable, but can rust over time.
Caulk is a filler material that seals a crack where two nonmoving components meet, such as where a house’s siding meets the exterior window trim.
The housing for the electrical wiring that provides power to ceiling light and fan fixtures.
Cellulose insulation is an organic, loose-fill material made from recycled paper. It has to be chemically treated to resist attack from moisture and pests. Moisture absorption can make cellulose heavier, causing it to become compacted and lose its insulative value.
Chimney pots are decorative flues that sit on top of the chimney in older homes and in Tudor or Medieval styled homes.
A glazed floral fabric often used in the English Country style.
A chip brush is a small paintbrush used to paint in tight spaces.
Protective switches that enable you to fix short circuits without turning off the power
A combination primer/sealer seals the surface material and allows the finish paint to have a strong bond.
A color scheme made up of colors that are at the opposite ends of the color wheel.
Compression fittings are used to bond two pipes made of different materials. The fittings also allow the water flow to be turned off to a single faucet instead of having to turn the water off in the entire house.
Contemporary design combines influences, trends, and new technologies without strict adherence to any one design philosophy.
A special carpeting tool shaped like a cookie cutter. Twist it back and forth in a circular motion to make the cut.
Copper pipe is long lasting and resistant to corrosion, and so it is commonly used pipe in water supply lines. It costs more than plastic but it lasts and lasts! There are two common types of copper pipe: rigid copper and flexible copper.
The mechanism that allows double-hung windows to open easily, stay open (without a stick propping them up), and shut.
You countersink a screw by driving it in below the surface of the wood.
CPVC (chlorinated polyvinyl chloride) pipe has PVC's strength but is heat-resistant, which makes it acceptable in many regions for use on interior supply lines.
Decorative embroidery made by manipulating wool yarn in designs and patterns.
Curing paint is the process of the paint taking its final shape. Curing happens after the paint dries and until the curing is complete the painted surface can still be damaged.
The curtain heading is the top of the curtain that attaches to the curtain rod.
A paint that has been mixed to make a specific color that the customer has requested.
Cutting in is the process of painting the edges of the wall (or other surface to be painted) before painting the rest of the wall with the larger brush or roller.
A chemical that destroys the smooth, glossy finish on a surface so that the surface is rougher, allowing the paint to grip the surface.
An artificial canopy, usually in a half round, which is draped above a bed in place of a headboard.
Distressing is the process of making a piece of furniture look artificially aged by adding nicks and scratches to the finish.
The dormer valley is the point at which the dormer meets the rest of the roofline.
Pleats, ribbon, welting, and other trim as might be used by a dressmaker.
A drop cloth is a piece of fabric or plastic that is used to protect items from paint or splatter.
_66<<
A large machine used for sanding floors that is roughly the size of a lawn mower.
The damage caused by a fungus that eats away at wood causing extensive damage.
Drywall is a construction material that is made of plasterboard in the center with a heavy paper on the outside. Drywall is used to finish the walls in most houses made since the mid-1960s.
Dye lot refers to the color pass that is used to make a certain batch of tiles or wallpaper rolls. There can be color variations from dye lot to dye lot even though the pattern name and number do not change.
A smaller hand-held disc sander, to refinish the perimeter of the room and inside closets.
A paint finish that is often used for decorative finishes because it provides a low luster.
A substance that has the ability to remain flexible after drying and won’t crack when weather changes.
Electrical tape is used to secure the electrical connections and to keep the wires attached to each other.
A houses energy envelope refers to the seal within which the homes heating and cooling is maintained.
English Manor House is a decorating style that uses traditional furnishings and florals to capture the feel of an old English manor.
The faucet aerator forces water though a fine mesh to increase the force with which the water comes out of the faucet. The aerator lets you use less water while still maintaining the same force.
A painting technique that employs different styles and techniques to give a wall more interest than a standard flat finish.
To feather the edges means to apply the materials (paint, drywall compound, and so on) so that it’s thinner on the edges to allow it to blend into the surrounding material.
Fiberglass insulation is the most common type of insulation and is available as either batts or loose fill. It is relatively inexpensive, and the batts are very easy to install. It is non-flammable and resists damage from water.
The fixture base is the part of a ceiling lighting/fan fixture that contains the wiring. The fixture base secures to the ceiling box to provide electricity to the fixture.
The valve at the bottom of the toilet tank that controls the flow of water into the tank.
Roof flashing creates watertight connections between the roofing and items that penetrate it, including plumbing pipes, furnace flues, skylights, and chimneys.
An opaque latex paint finish that works great on interior walls and ceilings.
_85<<
A float is a board with a handle that smoothes thick compounds such as concrete.
The floatball is a ball that is inside the toilet tank that prevents the tank from overflowing. When the water level rises, the floatball rises which shuts off the water supply.
The flush lever is the part on the outside of the toilet tank that you push to cause the toilet to flush.
The flush lever rod connects the flush lever and controls the flapper valve or tankball.
The flush valve is the controlling mechanism for the flush lever on a toilet tank.
The soldering paste used to sweat copper pipes.
This is the point of visual reference to which the eye always returns—a home base.
The French country look embraces the warmth and grace of the Provence region for France. French country has the warmth of American country but its furnishings tend to have a less homespun feel.
Furring strips are narrow strips of wood used to raise the surface, level the surface, or otherwise smooth out a rough surface to prepare it for paneling.
Galvanized steel pipe is common in older homes for supply lines and branch drain lines. Galvanized pipe is strong, but only lasts 50 years.
The Gothic Revival style (1851-1914) emphasized natural materials and was usually used in large pieces.
A swirling geometric pattern common in Greek design.
_98<<
Pliers that can be adjusted to fit the size and shape of pipe fitting that you want to turn.
Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI) was developed to help keep people from getting shocked by electricity. The easiest way to think of a GFCI is to remember that a normal circuit breaker protects property, while a GFCI protects people.
A hacksaw is a saw consisting of a fine toothed blade in a frame and is used to cut through metal.
Half-drop patterns repeat at the ceiling line on every other strip and the design tends to run diagonally. It requires 3 strips of wallpaper to repeat the vertical design. A half-drop match is a straight match that has been split in half.
The bar at the top of a set of mini blinds. The header bar contains the mountings for the blinds themselves as well as the mechanical pieces for adjusting the blinds.
A kind of tape used in laying carpet. The adhesive is melted into place to create a tight seal.
The banded part of a paintbrush.
A decorating style (1980-1990s) that emphasizes exploitation and exposure of elements of science and technology for home use. Shows the construction of the interior. Uses industrial materials for the home. Electronic and space age details important.
A paint finish that has a shiny, polished look. It’s also stain resistant and very scrubbable.
Design styles created before the 1800s.
A hole saw is a ring-shaped saw that connects to a drill and is used to create holes.
A way of sealing a home's energy envelope to keep the heat and cool inside the house and the elements out.
Hopper windows are hinged at the bottom and swing inward.
A small paint roller roughly the size and shape of a hot dog. are electronic devices that measure the infrared light and are often used in motion sensing security devices.
The intake valve controls the amount of water that enters the toilet tank.
_116<<
Jalousie windows are made of a series of horizontal glass slats that are joined so that all the glass slats open or close together when the crank is turned. Unfortunately, the cracks between the windowpanes don't allow for air infiltration.
The wood lath is installed with gaps, called keys, between each piece of lath. The plaster was forced between spaced lath, and this keying action holds the plaster in place.
The part of the latch that goes into the edge of the door.
Latex glazing putty is used for sealing window glass into frames.
Thin strips of wood used as a base for applying plaster. The strips are installed next to each other, separated by gaps. The plaster is forced between spaced lath.
A light box is a fixture mounted to the ceiling to hold a flat light fixture, usually fluorescent.
A very durable flooring material made from natural products, such as linseed oil, cork or wood dust, and tree resins. Not to be confused with vinyl sheet flooring.
The oil of the flax seed plant, which is used in paint, varnish, lacquer and in the making of linoleum.
A product that is used to make asphalt more water proof and less porous.
The part of a door look that is attached to the face of the door.
Loose fill insulation is made out of small chunks of fibers; this insulation type is also known as blown insulation because it is installed with a giant blower hose.
A drill bit that is used for drilling through masonry.
Mastic is a type of adhesive used to bond items where waterproofing is important.
The top rail of the bottom sash and the bottom rail of the upper sash meet and are slanted and weather-stripped to form a tight seal between the rails.
Triangular metal glazing points the small pieces used to hold a glass pane in position until you apply the glazing putty.
A sensor that uses microwaves to detect motion.
A chemical that will actually kill the fungus that causes mildew.
A solvent made from petroleum and used primarily as paint thinner.
_135<<
The term molding refers to larger and typically more ornamental finish strips.
A piece of hardware used to anchor drapery rods into hollow walls. The molly bolt includes an anchor plug and a screw with sides that spread out behind the wall to hold it in place.
Mortar is the bonding mixture that is used to cement bricks and stones together.
A mortise is a shallow recess in a wood frame to seat a piece of hardware flush with the wood.
The metal brace that lays across a ceiling box and to which you mount a fixture base.
A multiple drop match is the most complex pattern match. It can take four or more strips to repeat the vertical design. A good example of this is a dense paisley pattern.
A short tool with a blunt pointed tip that is used for pushing the head of a nail or brad into wood.
Low- to high-pile carpets have a nap. You have to put the patch in so that the nap runs in the same direction; otherwise, it will look different from the rest of the carpet.
The NEC is the legally defined code that determines how electricity and electrical fixtures need to be used to ensure safety.
The NFPA is an organization created to establish rules and guidelines that will help to prevent fires.
A natural bristle brush is a paintbrush that uses hairs from animals. They are the best brushes for oil-based paints and varnishes.
A series of traditional geometric designs used on Navajo blankets.
Some floor paints (epoxy, for one) look fabulous and hold up to wear but are slippery when painted on concrete, even when they’re dry. Reduce the risk of slipping by adding nonslip silicate to the paint before you roll it on.
A solid covering that does not allow light to penetrate.
The outlet pipe is the pipe that connects the toilet tank to the bowl.
Mounting a blind or shade to the outside of the window casing to provide better light filtering.
A substance that is packed into a faucet through which the water flows.
The paint finish determines how bright or shiny the paint looks when it dries. Paint finishes range from flat, which absorbs light but isn’t easily cleaned, to scrubbable, stain-resistant glosses that reflect light.
A paint guard is a plastic tool used to block paint from reaching the walls or surrounding surfaces. It is usually held in one hand while the paint is applied with the other.
A solvent that is used as a cleaner or to thin down oil-based paint.
A door that has molding to create multiple panels on the surface.
A piece of wood that separates the tracks of the upper and lower sash of a window.
The repeat is the vertical distance between one point on the pattern and where the identical point appears again vertically.
A patch that is used to cover the gap in a hole in drywall. The solid patch has an adhesive background that sticks to the wall surrounding the hole.
A permanent furnace filter is a washable filter used to block debris from entering the furnace.
PEX (cross-linked polyethylene) is the newest pipe for residential use. Approved in many regions of the country, PEX is easy to install because it cuts easily, is flexible, and uses compression fittings. However, more permanent connections require a special crimping tool.
A pilot hole is a starter hole made by drilling. Using pilot holes prevents the screw or nails from causing damage to the wall.
A plaster washer is a thin metal disk that increases the size of the head of a drywall screw so that it doesn’t pull through the plaster.
_165<<
A vertical guide created by hanging a weighted string from the ceiling.
The plumber’s snake has a long tightly coiled wire attached to a handle. This coiled wire can slither down the pipes clearing blockages and even pulling out the obstruction.
A plumbing tool that is used to loosen clogs by using suction to dislodge the clog.
A type of insulating material made of polystyrene foam. This foam is waterproof.
Popcorn ceilings are textured, acoustic ceilings that are sprayed on and resemble popcorn or cottage cheese when they dry.
To prime a surface means to apply a primer and/or sealer to the surface to seal the surface and provide the best bond for the paint.
A tool used to apply a paste or compound to a surface. The shape of the tool allows control over how much materials is applied and how thickly.
This white or cream-colored pipe is the most commonly used pipe for drain lines. It’s strong, untouchable by chemicals, and seems to last forever! The rating and diameter is stamped right on the pipe.
A rabbet groove is part of a window frame that has a groove cut into it to hold glass panels.
A rake is the part of a paint tray that allows you to roll off the excess paint on a paint roller.
_177<<
This push-type wallpaper-scraping tool (about 3 to 4 inches wide) looks like a putty knife but has a slot for replaceable blades so that you always have a sharp edge.
A reciprocating saw moves in an upright piston-like manner. It is used for cutting almost any material given the proper blade.
Leftover pieces of fabric, carpet, or other flooring. To patch a carpet you will need to cut out the damaged spot and replace it with remnants that you saved when the carpet was installed.
Flooring products that come in vinyl, polyurethane, linoleum, cork, and rubber materials. These floors are resilient because they are more durable and more easily cleaned than traditional floor materials.
The amount of insulation provided by various materials.
The part of the piece of the roof that lies at the ridges and over the edges of the shingles.
The vertical board behind the step, which fits up to the underside of the tread.
_186<<
The metal frame on a paint roller onto which the roller cover slides.
The piece that slides over the roller cage on a paint roller. The roller cover is the part that actually holds the paint.
Roof flashing creates a watertight seal wherever the roof meets an upright — such as around plumbing pipes, furnace flues, skylights, and chimneys.
A tool that is used for scraping ice off roofs.
A faucet that has a ball mechanism inside which controls water flow and temperature.
The first inspection on a remodeling project which occurs while everything is still at the rough-in stage of progress.
If each flush doesn’t end with a gurgle but instead continues with a hissing sound, with water running into the toilet bowl, you have a run-on toilet.
A narrow paintbrush used to paint trim and molding.
The most popular paint sheen, which is a good choice for woodwork, walls, doors, and hallways.
Schedule 40 PVC is strong enough for residential drain lines, but check with your plumbing inspector first.
Schedule 80 PVC is sometimes used for cold-water supply lines, but it isn’t allowed in some regions because it isn’t suitable for hot water.
A seam iron is a tool for heating the heat-activated tape the holds the two carpet pieces together.
wallpaper roller
A seat bolt is a heavy bolt used to hold the toilet seat to the toilet base.
Outdoor security lights use infrared or microwave sensors to light up whenever someone or something passes within a certain range.
A screw that taps (makes a hole) all by itself, with no need to drill a starter hole first.
A shiny paint finish that is scrubbable and good for moldings, doors, windows, kitchens, and baths.
A sewer rodding machine is an industrial strength auger that is motor driven and can push its way through touch sewer lines.
The design combines the elegance of English Country living with the comfortable casualness of a California lifestyle.
A decorating (1830-1850) style that utilizes designs that are plain in appearance, stripped to bare essentials (few turnings, no decorations.
The showerhead aerator forces water though a fine mesh to increase the force with which the water comes out of the showerhead. The aerator lets you use less water while still maintaining the same force.
A sink trap is a plumbing connection that is bent at such an angle as to capture items that might have fallen down the drain allowing you a final chance to retrieve them before they disappear down the pipes.
Sliding windows open horizontally and bypass each other in separate tracks mounted on the header jamb and sill.
The amount of fall or collapse in mortar or concrete.
Snap-off screws are designed so that the heads literally snap off below the surface of the floor to allow you to repair squeaks in the flooring without leaving a visible sign.
The flat boards under a roof's overhang.
Pipefittings that have been soldered to seal the connection.
Spade bit is an inexpensive wood-boring instrument that looks like a paddle with a triangular point on the end.
Spalling is when chips and chunks break off a surface, such as concrete, usually caused by weathering.
Brick that has popped out of the wall
1. Rubber or neoprene cording that holds screening material in a window or door frame. 2. Ribbon-like finishing piece that holds in sheets of cane on furniture.
Looks like a pastry cutter with a convex roller on one end and a concave roller on the other end. Use this to push spline into the grooves around a window or door frame.
A small mechanical piece at the end of an airless paint sprayer's spray gun. The spray tip is the small hole through which the paint is dispersed.
Spring clips hold the glass panes in place in steel casement windows.
The spud nut holds the spud washer in place.
Seals the gap between the flush valve and bowl.
The long vertical slotted strips fastened to the wall to attach the shelves in a wire based shelving system.
The unmovable upright on a sliding glass door.
A straight across match is a type of wallpaper pattern that starts over at the ceiling line. This means that the design has to match the strips on either side. These take more planning than random matches, but they are not typically complex patterns.
Sweating copper pipe is a term used to describe the soldering of copper pipe.
A piece of cloth that is coated in a sticky (tacky) substance so that dust and particles stick to it. Tack cloths are used to remove any debris before painting or sealing a project.
The tank bolts that connect the bottom of the tank to the toilet base, and each bolt has a rubber gasket between the bolt head and the tank to stop water from leaking. The spud washer seals the gap between the flush valve and bowl.
The tankball lifts out of the drain when the flush handle is moved, allowing the tank to fill with water. It should settle back into place with the water level is restored.
The tankball rod controls the tankball which controls the water flow in the toilet tank.
A tapestry is a fabric that has a pattern created by weaving or by needlepoint.
A pole that attaches to short-handled tools like paint rollers. The pole allows the handle to be extended to the desired length.
A television mirror is a type of surface, on a television screen, that converts to a standard mirror when the television is not turned on.
Like a dye lot, the tile run is the batch of tiles that was manufactured at a specific time. The color and pattern can vary slightly between tile runs.
To toenail a shingle means to drive the roofing nails at an angle.
A toggle bolt has a mechanism that folds up so that it can be pushed through a regular drill hole, but when it is fastened the toggle opens up to clamp to the back side of the wall.
A fabric with a solid background and pastoral scenes printed in a solid color.
Track lighting is a long flexible mount that attaches to a single ceiling box and allows you to mount and direct lighting multiple fixtures exactly where you want it.
The 18th century style is created by combining fabrics and patterns that would have been available at the time.
The horizontal board on the top of a step.
Trim is an umbrella term for any kind of finish strip applied around openings to conceal surface or angle joints and raw edges where drywall meets doorways, windows, floors, and ceilings.
A trowel is a tool used for applying mortar.
TSP (tri-sodium phosphate) is an alkaline cleaning material. TSP-PF is a phosphate-free version.
A tube cutter is a tool for cutting pipe.
Tuckpointing is the process of repairing the mortar on a brick wall.
Is a form of mineral solvent used for cleaning and breaking down oil-based products.
A form of filler that activates when you combine the two materials together creating a hard finish.
Type K is a thicker type of rigid copper pipe and is used in outdoor and drain applications.
Type L is a thicker type of rigid copper pipe and is used in outdoor and drain applications.
Type M is the thinnest type of rigid copper pipe, but it is strong enough for most homes.
The usable yield is the amount of wallpaper that will actually go on the wall. The type and size of pattern repeat reduces the amount of wallpaper that you can actually use.
Vinyl composition tile. Commercial floor tiles made from chips of colored vinyl and compressed into solid sheets. These sheets are heated and then cut into 12" squares.
Vent flashing is installed around (you guessed it) the vents on your roof. The flashing is typically made of metal and has a rubber grommet around the edge.
Vintage materials are those from an earlier time. Vintage materials can be anything from clothing from the 1940s to antique furniture to old advertisements.
A tool to measure the voltage emanating from a wire or appliance.
A form of wood paneling that comes about halfway up the wall. Often built from beadboard.
A flat-bottomed paintbrush, usually 3-5 inches wide, used for painting the large main areas of a wall.
Wallboard clips are fasteners for attaching a wallboard patch to an existing wall.
Wallpaper remover: Although warm water may do the trick (and is certainly priced right), you can turn to commercial wallpaper removal solvents if you need to.
A tool that is used to push air bubbles out of wallpaper while it is being applied.
A tool used for applying steam to wall coverings so that they peel off the wall.
A weatherproofing seal for exterior electric fixtures.
Weather-stripping is material that seals the cracks between moving components, such as the crack where a window sash meets the frame or stop.
A tool for cutting glass.
The horizontal and vertical trim that holds the window sash.
The moveable parts of a window.
The trim along the inside of the window frame.
A wire nut is a small plastic fastener that can be twisted over the ends of wires to create a connection without soldering.
Plaster is installed over strips of wood called wood laths.
A product that is used to fill defects in wood, such as nail holes.
Iron that has been forged into decorative and utilitarian objects.
<|endofexample|>
642-617
If you download 642-617 practice exam then you will see that it contains 642-617 questions and answers exactly same that you will see in real 642-617 test. There is guarantee to pass the exam after preparing with passforsure 642-617 practice test. we have covered complete 642-617 course with actual 642-617 answers. 642-617 dumps are very popular as well as actualtest 642-617 tutorials. Once you are done with your preparation and you can test your exam skills with 642-617 pdf test. So in this way you can also prepare test 642-617 study guide material if you are missing in 642-617 practise exam. Get 642-617 tutorials and download 642-617 real exam with real questions answers.
642-617 Dumps
We have 642-617 books and passguide 642-617 dump. So download 642-617 Q&A. We provide 642-617 CBT training with 642-617 brain dumps. There is guarantee to pass with 642-617 braindumps. We have added latest pass4sure 642-617 dumps and 642-617 lab questions to prepare 642-617 practice questions. These 642-617 sample questions will be real from exam. Even our 642-617 simulation questions are exactly same.
Dumpsnow 642-617 Security testing engine is opening new entrance of information gathering all the newest stress of knowledge. I just follow Dumpsnow with no any fear of negative response since I consider in its 100% assurance to let me pass the 642-617 exam.
Adriane Gibson
Dumpsnow 642-617 testing engine is long-lasting its expedition towards betterment and forever speeding up the procedure of self novelty. Dumpsnow 642-617 testing engines always surpass in the middle of rest of the study stuff.
Catherine John
<|endofexample|>
Book Your Seats Online Now!
There are many great highlights at the La Plata County Fair this year. From baked goods to rabbits, cows to quilts, there is something for the entire family, and don't forget the rides. While at the Fair, your sense of smell begins to picks up the sweet salty-ness of fresh popcorn that over powers the odor of mud on boots and livestock that linger near by.
<|endofexample|>
Dr. Helen Haines of Trent University Oshawa was giving a talk to a first-grade class when the boy asked her the question regarding the supposed end of the world. This made her realize just how widespread the myth that the ancient Maya foresaw the apocalypse on Dec. 21, 2012 had become.
So she chose to give a public lecture at the university in late November, less than a month before the supposed end of the world. The room was packed with people of all ages interested in hearing what the expert had to say about the date, which is fast approaching.
"The Maya never said that the world would come to an end," said Dr. Haines, a specialist in ancient Mayan culture.
The ancient Mayan long-count calendar consisted of days, months, and years. A bak'tun references a cycle of 144,000 days in the calendar.
The date in question is the reference of the 13th bak'tun -- the current cycle or age -- which has been calculated to end on Dec. 21. This also signifies the beginning of a new era, said Dr. Haines.
Some monuments did reference Dec. 21, 2012, but Dr. Haines explained it signified the coming of time, or continuity and stability, not the end of time.
"It never says anything about destruction here," she said.
Authors have come up with various theories. Some say the earth and the sun will align with a black hole at the centre of the universe on Dec. 21. But this is a regular occurrence in the solar cycle, said Dr. Haines.
"The answer is really, it can mean whatever you want it to," she said.
The reference could mean it's the birthday of the current world, or the New Year's Eve for the Mayan calendar, or even the marking of the winter solstice.
But the bottom line is none of the writings from the ancient Maya say anything about the world ending on Dec. 21, 2012. In fact the Maya of the current world are a little annoyed that their ancestors are being accused of predicting the apocalypse when there's no evidence to back it up, she said.
English major Rebecca Scerbak said she'd heard a lot of different theories on the myth, and was glad to learn she'd see Christmas this year. Her friend Kianna Grant was happy for one thing.
"It makes me feel better that I'll get to see my 18th birthday," she said.
Community
Pickering students prepped to flourish in high school
Pickering couple walk toward wedding
Your Life: Focus on breathing
In this segment, Your Life expert Bruce Raymer helps you to breathe properly.
DurhamRegion.com
<|endofexample|>
Always-lovely work from Sabrina Malheiros – serving up a sublime blend of Brazilian roots and soulful overtones – a style that's easily made her one of the best artists on the Far Out label over the years! Sabrina's got a family lineage that traces back to Azymuth – and the music here has the similar blend of fusion instrumentation, earthy Brazilian percussion, and soaring American soul that you'll find in the best classics by that group – all with the added special spark that comes from her sweet vocals too! Production and arrangements are by Daniel Venom Maunick, who brings in a slight dose of Incognito soul too – really making for a record that's quite possibly the best we've heard from Sabrina so far – and that's saying a heck of a lot. Titles include "Lirio De Venus", "Bobeira", "Opara", "Candeia", "Fragil", "Can't Hide Love", "Primeira", and "Paranoia". © 1996-2013, Dusty Groove, Inc.
<|endofexample|>
". (White label promo, in the slide out cover and inner sleeve. Cover has masking tape on the spine, a "featuring" sticker, a spot of tape with a small rip on one seam, and WGN Library letters in marker on the front. Label has a small sticker.) © 1996-2013, Dusty Groove, Inc.
<|endofexample|>
A 2CD package of early 70s Leon Haywood albums – Back To Stay and Keep It In The Family – plus bonus singles on each CD! Back To Stay is Leon's first record for 20th Century, and a record that has a smoother soul feel than some of his 60s recordings. The album shows Leon emerging more as a straight soul singer – instead of the singer/instrumentalist he'd appeared as on some of his other albums – and the sound of the tracks is in a sweet LA pop soul mode, similar to some of the other 20th Century albums coming out at the time. Leon arranged and produced – and titles include "La La Song", "One Way Ticket To Loveland", "Make me Yours", and "Long As There's You (I Got Love)". Singles include "I Wanta Do Something Freaky To You", "I Know What Love Is", Believe Half Of What You See" and "Come And Get Yourself Some". On Keep It In The Family, Leon's moving from the rawer soul of his earlier days, but he still hasn't hit the sly LA funk sound of his "Freaky To You" years. The record's a good batch of tracks that show the LA sound of the 60s turning into the smooth slinky one of the 70s – and Gene Page is at hand to handle the arrangements and musical backing for Leon, who produced the record himself. Tracks include "Keep It In The Family", "Long As There's You (I Got Love)", "BMF Beautiful", and "When It Comes Down On You In The Middle Of The Night". Singles include "Don't Push It, Don't Force It (Let It Happen Naturally)", "Who You Been Giving It Up To", "Just Your Fool" and "Consider The Source". © 1996-2013, Dusty Groove, Inc.
<|endofexample|>
Get DVD Talk Feeds
The third installment in the recently released collection of Lech Majewski films offers the director's most personal film - the autobiographical opera The Roe's Room (1997). Written, composed, and directed by Lech Majewski the work follows cycles of memories while also introducing beautiful, at times hypnotic, abstract imagery.
Similar to Lech Majewski's The Gospel According to Harry(1994) and Glass Lips (2007) his The Roe's Room is very much an experimental feature where minimalism and symbolism are key ingredients. This time around, however, a collage of personal recollections is apparently the instigator for the unusually beautifully scripted opera.
Relying on simple but effective harmonies to achieve a calming, near meditative, feel for his work Majewski accomplishes a sense of serenity that remains with the audience until the final credits roll. Scene after scene the camera's careful observation of the main protagonists is what drives the tempo of the opera - there aren't any secondary plots nor there are any key dramatic resolutions here. Rather, as it is the case with Glass Lips, one is expected to react to the visuals which complimented with the beautiful music do indeed create a very unusual atmosphere.
From a purely technical point of view The Roe's Room isn't a departure from the director's desire to experiment. Abstract visuals are mixed with more traditional imagery allowing for the same fascinating but arguably chaotic order of events Glass Lips reveals. As if to force the viewer to completely let go of any conventional stereotypes about how a story is told in a film The Roe's Room is very much a hallucinatory puzzle with difficult to fully deconstruct symbolism.
How Does the DVD Look?
Presented in its original aspect ratio of 1.33:1 The Roe's Room looks on par with the rest of Lech Majewski's films released by KINO - this is an interlaced transfer with acceptable basics. The opera was shot with a digital camera and both detail and colors here are rather convincing. This being said, the majority of the opera takes place indoors and when a sufficient amount of light isn't present there are notable limitations that become apparent (macro-blocking, noise, etc). Still, The Roe's Room is probably the best looking disc from the entire collection.
How Does the DVD Sound?
Presented with a Polish DD track (music) and optional English and French subtitles The Roe's Room sounds good but not exceptional. The music comes off the speakers without any pop-ups, cracks, or hissing that I could detect and the excellent performances by the singers (and choir) are indeed easy to appreciate. I have not seen the opera on stage and I am unaware precisely what the director's intentions were but it seems to me that the evocative music could have greatly benefited from a more elaborate treatment (a 5.1 mix would have been great). Still, this is an adequate presentation without any disturbing technical flaws.
Extras:
Aside from a text-format biography for Lech Majewski on this disc you will find a commentary by the director where he talks about his project, what it was meant to reveal (personal history), and how it was made possible. A great deal of info is allocated, as expected, to the music. This being said, this is a substantially better analysis by Lech Majewski, far more informative and much more detailed than the one heard on The Gospel According to Harry.
Final Words:
Visually-enticing, evocative, and with a soundtrack capable of existing on its own The Roe's Room is arguably the best of the four films by Lech Majewski KINO have released. It appears to be a very personal project though it still builds on the marquee for the Polish director universal symbolism. The music performances are truly haunting. Once again, I am going to recommend this disc to those willing to experiment.
<|endofexample|>
Experimental Chinese missile knocks out Navy carriers in one hit
Aircraft carriers such as the USS George Washington supercarrier (pictured) represent the American Navy's most formidable force, able to overwhelm any target on land, in the air, or at sea. Now, the Dong Feng 21D anti-ship missile could change everything.
The Dong Feng 21D is considered to be a new class of weapon, being identified as an ASBM, or anti-ship ballistic missile. If it does what it's supposed to, it'll be the first land-launched missile in the world capable of hitting a moving aircraft carrier from a range of 900 miles. The game-changing nature of this weapon is especially apparent when you consider that China commands a coastline 11,200 miles long, and the 21D could knock out a carrier before it gets into range of the mainland.
So, what's the Navy going to do about it? There's no official response to the Dong Feng just yet, which is itself still an experimental weapon and has not proven its ability to pinpoint a target as small (from 900 miles out at least) as a moving aircraft carrier. The big worry is not so much going up against the weapon in a war with China, but rather fighting an opponent who has purchased a Dong Feng 21D launcher from the country.
Hey, we've still got some time, though. Maybe we'll be able to knock these things out of the sky with, say, a super-huge death ray.
<|endofexample|>
Before our bedroom felt like it was lacking something. I liked everything in there, but just felt it needed a little more drama. I really like the wall quote that was above our bed, but I got it crooked when I applied it and it has always bugged me. I have been seeing lots of beautiful canopy beds with luxurious fabric and it got me thinking. First, I tried to convince my husband to let me find a four poster bed on craig's list but he didn't go for that. So, I figured I would just make a small canopy above the bed.
Here is what it looked like before...
Here is what it looked like before...
and here it is now. I would love a beautiful chandelier in our room but the fan is definitly more functional and practical. Anyways, I just bought 2 curtain rods from IKEA for $7.99. I attached one to the ceiling and one to the wall. Then I hung four curtain panels on the rods (also from IKEA) and now for under $50 I have a canopy! You could of course make your own panels out of material, but these curtains were $14.99/pair. I don't think I could find material for that and then I would have to sew it too. I'm pretty happy with the way it turned out. It really adds a lot to the room and makes everything seem more grand.
Next on the list, I would like to make a platform for the bed so I can get rid of my bedskirt. It drives me crazy! Then, I may add a padded insert to the headboard. Who knows, I've always got a project up my sleeve! :)
If you need additional info with more specific instructions on how I hung this then check out this updated post with more instructions. Thanks!
If you need additional info with more specific instructions on how I hung this then check out this updated post with more instructions. Thanks!
16 comments:
Oh that looks sooo pretty!
Good job;)
Lovely greetings...
very pretty! Great idea!
gives me a grand idea for my guest room! also, could you please tell me the diameter of the two vases you used on a previous post. you had one inside the other with limes (or maybe lemons...) between the two vases. i would like to do something similiar for reception centerpieces. thank you...love your projects and your blog!
That is so cool, it adds a lot to the room. I will attempt to try this!!
I was just scrolling through and admiring everything when I saw the verse about the bed. Psalm 46:10 is my absolute most favorite, most turned-to scripture. I just lost a friend this week to a sudden death, and it has been a comfort once again.
But I do love the changes to the room. It's beautiful!
xoxo,
Kimberly
I love this idea! ( I sounds like a broken record.)
I wonder if this would work in my master with my bed in the corner. (we have a small room and this makes it feel more spacious.)
ideas, ideas...
How are the panels attached to the second rod? It looks like you have all four panels strung on the first rod, but then somehow they are also strung onto the second rod ... did you sew a second loop after measuring out how much material you wanted to have hanging?
How did you mount the second curtain rod onto the ceiling? I love this idea and I'd love to do it in our room but I can't seem to master that idea...
Can you explain how you attached curtains to rods to hang properly?.
Love this! The canopy is awesome. how did you attach the second rod to the ceiling without the rod falling out of the brackets?
I love the canopy and have been crushing on it for a long time. I think it looks so great. I blogged about it today and I hope you will come and check it out.
Morgan
Oh gosh, I love this! Do you think it would still work if I didn't have a headboard? Like to just leave the extra fabric behind the pillows?
Also, how did you mount that to the ceiling? I was just going to pick up these:
You think that would mount okay?
Thanks for your help!
Valeri
suburbanlivingblog.blogspot.com
Did you hang 2 curtains on each rod? or 4 curtains on the ceiling and then made the draped. Can't figure out how you hung the curtains on the ceiling rod and the wall rod at the same time HELP!
I love this! What size curtains did you use?
@MomtoKandM I think I used 54" x 98" for the curtains. Here's another more detailed post on this if you need more info on how I hung it too.
Thank you for your sweet comments, they make my day!
<|endofexample|>
6. SA.
Website manager: webmaster@dxomark.com
Producer: DxO Labs S.A.
3 rue Nationale, 92100 Boulogne Billancourt – France
Capital stock: 233 373, 04 Euros - RCS NANTERRE 444 777 577
Tel.: 33 155 20 55 99
The Publication Manager is the official agent of DxO Labs
marketing SA, a company duly incorporated under the laws of France with a capital of 233 373, 04).
To provide photographers with a broader perspective about mobiles, lenses and cameras, here are links to articles, reviews, and analyses of photographic equipment produced by DxOMark, renown websites, magazines or blogs.
<|endofexample|>
Categories.
A Hanging Rectangular Loop Antenna - A rotatable hanging loop antenna that has been specifically designed for hanging in a tree. Horizontally polarized with a broad azimuth pattern and gain of nearly 3dB over a simple horizontal dipole!
NB6Zep Antenna and more - A modified EDZep for 20 meters, Yagi, Zepp Beam, Dual Dipole, Space Restricted 80 meter wires. Operating Bands: 40 thru 10 meters with tuner
The Fence Fan Dipole - The Fence Fan Dipole a quick, easy and inexpensive multiband dipole antenna
Antennas for SW Broadcasters - All antennas for shortwave broadcasting, Log-periodic, Dipole Arrays, Curtains antennas, rhombics, broadband dipoles with photos and details.
KQ6XA Antennas and towers pop - Interesting antennas pojects such as Broadband/Multiband Dipole and Tower radiating antennas for 80m and 160m, HF antenna for the micro-light backpacking enthusiast.
Rotary trapped-dipole for HF - How to build a trapped rotary dipole with many photos ecc.
<|endofexample|>
Refine your search: icom 710 m
Categories
Site listings
Antennas : Shortwave
CB Radio : Personal Pages
Contesting : QSO Party
Ham Radio : Clubs : North America : USA : Kentucky
Ham Radio : Hamfests
Manufacturers : Antenna Parts : Fiberglass tubing
Manufacturers : Antennas : HF : Vertical Antennas
Manufacturers : Antennas : HF : Yagi Antennas
Manufacturers : Antennas : VHF UHF Microwave : Yagi Antennas
Manufacturers : Digital and Packet Radio
Manufacturers : Filters
Manufacturers : Radio Direction Finding
Manufacturers : Test Equipment : Impedance Analyzers
Manufacturers : Towers and Accessories
Operating Modes :
icom 710 m
<|endofexample|>
Refine your search: indiana, pa
Site listings
CB Radio : Clubs
Contesting : Software
DX Resources : Beacons : 10 meter beacons
DX Resources : Clubs
DX Resources : DX Peditions
Ham Radio : Clubs : Europe
Ham Radio : Licensing
Ham Radio : Personal Pages : Europe
Ham Radio : Personal Pages : USA
Internet and Radio : Banner Exchange
Manufacturers : Antenna Tuners
Operating Modes : EME
Operating Modes : Packet Radio
Operating Modes : RTTY
Propagation : Resources
Radio Equipment : HF Transceivers : Yaesu FTDX-5000
Shopping and Services : Regional : USA
Shortwave Radio : Clubs
Software : Logging
Technical Reference : Spectrum Analyzers
Blue Monday CB-Club Sundern - Homepage des CB-Funkclubs Blue Monday, Sundern, Sauerland Germany
Orient Pirate Radio Group - The Orient Pirate Radio Group was founded in Belgium 1981, we organize meetings, contests and Radio Nets on 11 Metres.
Licensing abroad updated - Information on licensing abroad for radio amatuers by OH2MCN, Veikko Komppa
ON4ANT Johan - Six meters dxing pages and shack review
Radio Amateurs Top 100 - Toplist HAM-Radio, CB-Radio and Scanners
XMATCH Antenna Tuner - Ham Radio Antenna Tuners--Full Legal Power--Patented Circuit--Outstanding Efficiency and Power Capability
OK1TEH - Prague - Active station on VHF UHF and in particular in TROPO/ES/AURORA/MS/EME modes
G4JKQ Packet and TCP/IP - Amateur radio paket tcp/ip links info
RTTY Fan Club - Everything you need about RTTY is here! Operating modes, contests, software, hardware, clubs, societies, propagation, links etc
Pactronics - Motorola Radius Two Way Radios, Kenwood, Maxon, Midland, Ranger, FRS, GMRS Radios
GADM DX Club - Short Wave Club based in Taranto (South of Italy. We have a work-in-progress shortwave online bulletin. Each week we e-mail to subscribers, free of charge, a newsletter with the hottest logs..
Spectrum Analyzer Project - This is a tracking page for a tv tuners based homebrew spectrum analyzer project.
<|endofexample|>
Main content
Explore what we're displaying in Beijing.
Follow our live stream from the show about:
The A380 provides levels of comfort and reliability that have led travelers to specifically request flights on Airbus’ 21st century flagship. Watch the video Airbus A380
The ATR 72-600 twin-engine turboprop aircraft has an average dispatch reliability of more than 99%. Watch the video ATR 72-600
The Super Puma helicopter integrates all the latest technological innovations and is highly aerodynamic efficient. Watch the video EC 225
© EADS 2010
<|endofexample|>
May 18 2013 Latest news:
Boy Blue Entertainment: Legacy The Return 2012, at DanceEast this week.
By WAYNE SAVAGE, entertainment writer
Tuesday, December 18, 2012
2:59 PM
I’m as urban as a leafy cul-de-sac, the closest I’ve come to being street is watching all four Step Up films; but that didn’t stop me enjoying unstoppable hip hop sensation BBE: Legacy The Return.
Swapping this year’s London Olympics for Ipswich’s Jerwood DanceHouse; Boy Blue Entertainment are back for some Christmas yo yo yo - see, told you I was uncool.
Led by co-artistic director and main choreographer Kenrick “H2O” Sandy and co-artistic director and music composer Michael “Mikey J” Asante, BBE are an Olivier Award-winning hip hop dance theatre company from London, which continues to develop and inspire hip hop dancers from grass roots to seasoned professionals.
It’s been a great year. They’ve just toured Hong Kong and San Francisco as well as choreographing, staging and performing at the 2012 Olympic Opening Ceremony for the Thanks Tim segment alongside Danny Boyle, as well as choreographing and composing the sound score to 2013’s Brit flick All Stars from Vertigo Films.
Featuring an almost entirely new cast - “we’re trying to not only push our collective of dancers but continously change the format of Legacy,” Kenrick tells me - the new 17-segment show includes some old favourites plus some new moves; including three world premieres created for DanceEast. All set to a blistering soundtrack.
The performance features breaking, popping, hip hop freestyle, isolation work and static style.
“I’m happy to be back in Ipswich; it’s nice to maintain that relationship with outside of London theatres.
“This show helps you to understand a variety of different styles of hip hop and street dance. We play with the convention, we don’t stick to straight, traditional, hip hop and street dance. For young people interested in dance or who love movement, performance, theatre, come and be inspired. There’s levels of how we educate, for example the crump section.
“At first I didn’t like crump, I thought this is rubbish, I said let me open my mind to it, now it’s one of my favourite styles.”
The show I saw was an energetic, fluid, humorous hour plus with not a Christmas hat or carol in sight. The syncopation and musicality were clearly on point; drawing whoops, whistles, cheers and claps from the audience.
If you’re a dance fan or looking for something different this Christmas this is the show to see.
BBE: Legacy The Return runs at Jerwood DanceHouse, Ipswich, to December 23.
ADVERTISEMENT
<|endofexample|>
May 18 2013 Latest news:
The family of swine flu victim Sarah Applin have raised money for two new beds for critical care at West Suffolk Hospital. From left to right: Barry Waterman, Jane Waterman, Grace Waterman, William Applin, Richard Applin
Matt Gaw
Monday, December 3, 2012
5:22 PM
The family of a young mother who lost her battle with swine flu visited West Suffolk Hospital to see the equipment which has been purchased with £20,000 raise in her memory.
Sarah Applin died at the hospital in January 2011.
Following her death, her husband Richard and parents Barry and Jane Waterman spearheaded a major campaign to raise money to buy a specialist electric profiling bed for the Critical Care Unit.
The bed helps provide therapy to patients with critical illnesses to speed up their recovery.
Particularly useful for those with severe lung conditions, it can be set in many positions and can rotate and turn patients to help reduce complications.
Although enough money has been raised for the bed, the Applin family are keeping the fund open to any further donations.
Dr Jon Cardy, clinical director for A&E and consultant in critical care medicine, said: “We are extremely grateful to Sarah’s family and everyone who has been involved in raising this money.
“As well as offering complete flexibility to move patients into a variety of positions for comfort, these electric profiling beds are invaluable for providing rotational, percussion and vibration therapies which can make as valuable a contribution to a patients recovery as antibiotics and other conventional treatments.
“We are delighted that thanks to the generosity of Sarah’s family and friends, even more patients will be able to benefit by receiving care on these beds in the future.”
ADVERTISEMENT
<|endofexample|>
- Binoculars
- Spotting Scopes
- Tripods & Mounts
- Monoculars & More
- Hot Deals
Wondering what to do with the picatinny rail on the Vortex Viper Spotting Scope? Our Eagle Optics Pro demonstrates exactly how and why you will love the convenience of this rail with a funny name.
Products used in this video:
Interested in how you can start digiscoping? Call Eagle Optics at 1-800-289-1132 or email info@eagleoptics.com.
<|endofexample|>
History
In affiliation with Eagle Forum, the longstanding, conservative organization led by Phyllis Schlafly, Teen Eagles was started in St. Louis, Missouri in 1997 by Mike and Sharon Cordner who desired to see students not only equipped with a Christian worldview but with the leadership skills necessary to make a difference in our ever-changing world.
They took students who had completed, or who were in the process of taking, a worldview course for high school home-schooled students at the Pillar Foundation in St. Louis and worked to raise up a new generation of Christ-following leaders.
Since then, Eagle Forum has launched a campaign to establish Teen Eagle groups across the nation. The only requirement is that groups are founded on Christian values and desire to make a difference in conservative politics--in whatever capacity that may be.
See our resources page to find the program best suited for your Teens.
<|endofexample|>
ANDOVER — In a letter to the community, Andover Public Schools Superintendent Marinel McGrath has advised parents to "protect your young children from repeated viewings and auditory exposure to news accounts" of today's elementary school shooting as new information becomes available.
In a two-page letter to parents and community partners, McGrath cautioned that "young children will be particularly vulnerable, as other young children have reportedly been impacted by this tragedy."
"We are all in this together; loving and caring for the children of this community," she wrote. "For all of us as adults, I trust we will find a way to draw reassurance and comfort from each other and the affirming messages of this holiday season. The bad news is not all of the news, and we have so much to be thankful for."
When talking about the incident with children tonight, Janet Yedniak, director of Social Workers, has the following advice:
YOUNG CHILDREN
All young children are negatively impacted by multiple viewings of scary events, or by relentless news coverage of those events. With young children, it is usually most helpful to find out what their questions are, rather than trying to anticipate yourself what it is that they need to know.
If they do ask, it would be helpful to downplay the setting that this event happened in, and simply say that someone hurt some people in another place, and that everyone feels sad for the people who were hurt.
Depending on what your child has heard, you may need to gradually step out more information, and it certainly is helpful to respond truthfully to your child’s questions, but remember that you do not have to give more information than your child is asking for.
Emphasize that they are safe and that you love them. If they are aware that the shooting took place in a school, remind them that we have all kinds of ways that we all work to keep our school buildings safe, including locks on the doors, and adults who are there to take care of us.
It’s fine to tell them you don’t know, if they ask you questions about why this happened, or what was wrong with the person who did the bad thing. It is helpful to remember that you may have different feelings about, or interest in, this event, than your children do.
Try to keep your own feelings distinct from your child’s, as they may not be interested in a lengthy conversation about this, and will be satisfied with a brief reassurance.
It is in the nature of childhood that youngsters often choose to think about other things when they are overwhelmed by a piece of information, and may be happy to talk about something else or engage in some activity that they find calming or enjoyable.
If your individual child persists in asking questions, try to ascertain what it is that they are really wondering about. If their primary fear is that something like this might happen to them or someone that they know, you could ask them, “If you were in that situation, what do you think you might do to keep yourself safe?” If your child over the next several days seems particularly troubled or persists in questioning you about it, we would encourage you to contact your child’s teacher and let them know. You also may want to contact your school’s school social worker if you need specific advice for your child.
OLDER CHILDREN AND TEENAGERS
With older children, events in the news often represent teachable moments for families. If you feel that your individual child would appreciate this conversation, it is fine to ask them whether there have been conversations among their friends about this tragedy.
What does everyone think about this? Asking what their friends think is often a helpful conversation starter with adolescents. This is a good opportunity to model your own values in processing this incredibly sad event.
Since we are always trying to maximize the development of empathy in our young people, it is helpful to keep the focus on the people who were negatively impacted by this senseless violence. If your youngster wants to focus on the perpetrator of the violence, you may want to redirect the conversation to the families who were affected by the violence.
It is important to recognize that we really do not know what motivated this act, and to acknowledge with our older children that people always struggle to understand why bad things happen in the world.
As parents, we can deliver a helpful and empowering message to our youngsters that as individuals, we can try to balance out the negative things that happen in the world by being forces for good, both in our communities and in the world at large.
Similarly, while it is human nature to try to impose some sense on the event through speculation about the perpetrator, you can caution your youngster that the really important thing here is that some families who were impacted are in a tremendous amount of pain right now, and that they all have our sympathy.
As with younger children, it is helpful to ask questions to ascertain what they are thinking about, what their questions are, and how do they feel affected by this? If you have concerns about your own individual child, we would encourage you to call, at the middle school, one of the school social workers, or at the high school, your child’s guidance counselor or social worker.
<|endofexample|>
Recognition Award from the Architectural Foundation of Santa Barbara
Read more...
The Santa Barbara Architectural Foundation recognized Santa Barbara Landscape Architect Robert F. Adams and his work on behalf of the Architectural Foundation of Santa Barbara at their AIA Holiday event at Orena Winery in the Funk Zone of Santa Barbara.
Robert F. Adams, ASLA Featured at Arts Fund Salon in Santa Barbara
Read more...
Robert F. Adams, a Santa Barbara based Landscape Architect was recently featured at a Salon Event for his landscape design and artwork titled “Aesthetic Agendas for a Changing Landscape” in mid-August of 2011, for a program to benefit the Arts Fund of Santa Barbara.
Urban Landscape Design - Water Conservation for Parkways
Read more...
Potetential Landscape Benefits - Xeriscape Approach
Potetential Landscape Benefits - Xeriscape Approach
Improves the Environment, Conserves Precious Water Resources
Drought Tolerant Low Maintenance Landscaping
<|endofexample|>
OK! Forget the Kindle DX I was talking about! This is what I want and I’m gonna save for it! And today Apple just introduced the new iPad! Yes and iPad !
The perfect device I’ve been looking for! It has Wi-Fi, large screen, perfect for reading e-books, browse the net, watch movies and bring anywhere!
-.
- 10 hours battery life!
- It has Wi-Fi and 3G !
- Built-in audio!
How much is an iPad?
With Wi-Fi a 16GB is $499, 32 GB $599, and a 64GB is $699
With Wi-Fi and 3G 16GB $629, 32 GB $729 and 64GB for $829
It’s not available for ordering yet but I already signed-up to get notified when they are good to go. Wi-Fi models will be shipping in March and 3G models in April! I can’t wait!
Oh, i am also wishing and praying that I can have one too. Sana meron mag bigay. LOL.
di ko sya type, di ko ma imagine kung paano ka mag tatype eh pero sana you can have it soon
OMG. I so want one ren sis. Huhuh. kelan pa kaya ako magkakaron nyan? tsktsk
I want one too. I don’t care if people say it’s a fail!
.-= JT´s last blog ..If The iPad Is Such A Big Fail, Then Why Do I Still Want One? =-.
The name, the name, the name! They (Apple) could have been more ingenious. But it definitely is an eyecandy. A gadget one should have in these times ruled by technology.
.-= Kessa Thea´s last blog ..WINNER: Belle de Jour Planner =-.
@Bogcess hindi kasi nila kilala yung kalaban na Kindle kaya ganun sila maka-comment hehe hayaan mo sila ala lang silang pambili lolz
Hi ms. earthlinggorgeous! Saw you at MS VIP Mix last night. Hehe! The iPad is full of controversy because of the many negative comments. Isang malaking iPhone lang daw. Glad you took the review lightly.
.-= Bogcess´s last blog ..Microsoft Philippines VIP Mix January 2010 Preview =-.
yun nga! ang panget lang ng name parang sanitary napkin or something that’s making fun of the iPod diba? Sana something like iTab nalang or something else lol
HAHAHA sabi pa nga nung mga friends ko sa facebook : IPAD=iced tea+LAPAD (tanduay rhum 5years)
kasi sabi ko gusto ko ng IPAD ahahah
a, eto pala yun! i thought some wiseass is making fun of the ipod
shucks, huli na naman ako sa balita. thanks for sharing Earth!
.-= Dinah´s last blog ..Mommy Moments: New Favorite =-.
another baby I wish to have.
.-= levy´s last blog ..My Birthday is coming soon! =-.
hmmmm iam pretty pretty love to own one.
now i know what iPad is! lol
.-= Wena´s last blog ..So Many Thing to Blog About But This Mom is Busy is a Bee… =-.
<|endofexample|>
This link will take you to a site the California Earthquake Authority ("CEA") does not control. The CEA assumes no responsibility for the content of that site or for the accuracy of any information that is found there. The content of any site not maintained by the CEA does not necessarily reflect the opinions, standards, or policies of the CEA, its officials, agents, or employees.
<|endofexample|>
[A to Z of Services]
Scrutiny Committee consists of seven or eight councillors who are not Cabinet members, with membership weighted to reflect the political balance of the council. Scrutiny Committee is chaired by a member of the main opposition group.
Scrutiny Committee meets to review the delivery of services as a result of previous council decisions, the performance of existing policies and strategies, the submission of performance indicators and recommend appropriate courses of action to the Council or Cabinet.
The members of Scrutiny Committee are:
Councillor Belsey (Chairman)
Councillor Shuttleworth (Deputy Chairman)
Councillor Coles
Councillor Murray
Councillor Taylor
Substitutes: Councillors Ede, Harris, Jenkins and Stanley.
Click on the relevant meeting date to view all documents for that Scrutiny Committee meeting, or search by keyword to find documents.
<|endofexample|>
Jean-Luc Godard’s “Breathless” created a gangster in Jean-Paul Belmondo who was an existential hero. Jean Seberg, your friendly local Francophile, represented America’s ambivalent infatuation with a culture that itself has a love-hate relationship with all things American, including cinema. But it’s one thing to debate “Breathless” or, say, Robert Bresson’s “Pickpocket,” another New Wave classic, while walking past the Cinematheque Francaise, now a formidable institution in its own right occupying a Frank Gehry-designed structure in the 12th arrondissement on the Rue de Bercy, and another to actually be a victim of a real Parisian gangster.
The French outlaw or rebellious character may be a beloved creature, like Jean-Pierre Leaud in Truffaut’s “400 Blows,” but when you confront the reality of a French gangster, he or she conforms more to Hannah Arendt’s “banality of evil” than to cinematic incarnations themselves modeled on American films. Was Camus thinking about James Cagney’s explosive response to his mother’s death in “White Heat” when he wrote the famed beginning lines of “The Stranger,” “Mother died today. Or, maybe, yesterday: I can’t be sure”?
Pickpocketing is the crime of choice for Parisian criminals, and it’s far more surgical, unremarkable, and uncinematic than anything Godard or Truffaut could have conjured. It’s painful when it happens, as it did to my wife on a recent trip to Paris, but painless in the expert way it attacks the unsuspecting tourist, removing his or her offending affluence and peace of mind like the microbe of a virus that creates havoc invisibly and so quickly as to wipe out the possibility of memory. But here is what happened to us.
We were on our way to a restaurant called La Cordonnerie on the Rue St.-Roch in the 1st arrondissement. Even though it was near the tourist area of the Louvre and not on the Left Bank, where vaguely artistic criminals like the Belmondo character tend to congregate, it was just the kind of charming traditional place advertising six tables, a chef owner, and top ratings on Trip Advisor that Americans like us, whose Grail is authenticity, seek out in droves. The name might have been a cause for concern, with its association to noose, but we were feeling triumphant, despite the heavy rain that had begun to fall, in having gained any reservation at all.
Our stop on the Metro was Tuileries, and by the time we were drying out in the restaurant and arguing about how to deal with a petulant waiter who didn’t appreciate being asked for bread, bread, and more delicious bread every time our bread basket was emptied, unbeknownst to us, the crime had already taken place. It was only when my wife received a call on her cell from her bank saying that someone was making lots of charges on her Visa card that she reached into her purse and realized that her wallet was gone. Our bread basket was filled in time for both of us to lose our appetites, on our first night in Paris.
Rather than playing itself across an imaginary screen the way some painful events do, the violation in question required a retrospectroscope. We thought back to a moment when the exit door at the Metro stop wouldn’t open. Yes, that was it, we both agreed. A man had been standing in front of my wife, seemingly unable to budge the door. I’d felt an almost imperceptible panic, the involuntary response that one has to the feeling of being trapped. We were late for our coveted reservation, which we would lose if we couldn’t get out of the Metro.
Another man had been standing between my wife and me, and I remembered thinking he was a crazy. He had looked at me and said something about “la porte,” and I’d thought I’d done a good job in shooing him off. My wife had been sandwiched between two con men who had expertly “cordoned” her off from me, using the classic concept of distraction that is employed by all magicians who engineer a sleight of hand.
I’d thought we’d be spending the whole night arguing about my unwillingness to shut my mouth with the waiter — who’d also told me I could go to the local “magasin” if I wanted ketchup with my entrecote — but instead we found ourselves on the phone with credit card companies that reported robust activity on my wife’s accounts.
At midnight we ended up at the police station on the Rue Bonaparte, one block from our charming hotel, filing a report and discussing Woody Allen’s “Midnight in Paris” with one of the local gendarmes. He was less baffled by what had happened to us, which was “ordinaire,” than by his own as yet futile attempts to find the street and the chink in time where Owen Wilson accomplished what we all dream of doing, returning to La Belle Epoque, in both the literal and figurative senses of the words. For the rest of our stay we unsuccessfully tried to take a philosophic attitude toward what had happened. If a whole generation had been lost, was it so bad to lose just a wallet?
--
Francis Levy is the author of the novels "Erotomania: A Romance" and "Seven Days in Rio." He lives in New York and Wainscott and blogs at TheScreamingPope.com.
<|endofexample|>
Immigrant rights advocates are planning to rally Saturday outside one of Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio's jails to protest Arizona's immigration law.
The protest comes during the same week that a judge gave police the go-ahead to start enforcing the law's most contentious section.
The provision in question requires police, while enforcing other laws, to question the immigration status of those suspected of being in the country illegally.
The law's opponents say some officers will racially profile Latinos in enforcing the requirement, while supporters say they are confident that officers won't step on people's rights.
Organizers say Arpaio's jail was picked as a rally location because they allege that Latinos have been racially profiled in the sheriff's immigration patrols.
The sheriff has vigorously denied the profiling allegations.
© 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
East Valley hotels are gearing up for an influx of weekend guests from across town. Other local holiday travelers are packing for a destination farther from home.
And they all will be paying more for their holiday fun.
Prices for airline tickets, hotel rooms, car rentals and fill-ups at the gas pump are higher than last year, said Christina Estes, AAA Arizona spokeswoman.
Big tabs aren’t killing July 4 vacation plans, she said, but they are causing people to plan better before they set out.
Use of AAA’s fuel cost calculator has soared 100 percent, Estes said. The Web site,, allows motorists to figure out how much a road trip will cost before setting out.
Local drivers will pay about 60 cents more for a gallon of gas than they paid last year, but 16 cents less than they paid last month, she said.
Still, a record 40.7 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles this weekend, Estes said. That’s 1.2 percent more than traveled last July 4 weekend.
About 150,000 people a day will be passing through Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, said Deborah Ostreicher, Sky Harbor spokeswoman. The airport just opened a new security line at Terminal 2 to help speed them through.
“We expect traffic to be spread out, like at Thanksgiving,” Ostreicher said. “(Today) will be the busiest day, and the 4th and 5th will be very busy.”
Economy parking lots are expected to be packed, she said.
East Valley hoteliers hope the thought of airport crowds and gas-guzzling road trips will convince people to stay in town and vacation at a local resort.
At the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort on the Gila River Indian Community, “It’s looking good,” said spokeswoman Kristin Jarnagin.
As of Thursday, the posh resort had only three of its 500 rooms still available for Monday night and 35 not yet booked for Tuesday night, Jarnagin said.
Most of the calls for reservations are coming from 480 and 602 area codes, she said.
The Hyatt Regency Resort Scottsdale at Gainey Ranch also is filling up fast for the next few days.
“We’re within a couple of rooms of being sold out on Monday and Tuesday and the weekend is like a strong summer weekend,” said spokeswoman Ann Lane. About 60 percent of those reservations are for local people, and, of the remaining 40 percent, most are from California, Lane said.
Estes said if July 4 falls near a weekend, it is typically the busiest holiday for summer travel because families are free to extend it into additional days.
“For Memorial Day, some kids are still in school, and by Labor Day some are back in school,” she said. “But on July 4, they are all out of school.”
Traveling tips
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport travel tips for the holiday weekend:
•Economy parking lots are expected open and close periodically. Call the parking hot line before leaving home to check the current status at (602) 273-4545.
•Arrive at the airport at least two hours before flight time to allow time to park and clear security.
•Before leaving home, check with the airline on possible flight delays and baggage weight limits.
•Don’t pack lighters in carry-on luggage. Certain lighters may be packed in checked baggage. For information, check.
•When picking up passengers, wait in the free Stage & Go lot on the west side of the airport. Electronic flight display monitors show arriving flights and the estimated time that passengers will be on the curb for pick up.
• Don’t pack fireworks in checked or carry-on luggage.
Smokin’ destinations
Holiday hot spots for AAA Arizona members:
• Las Vegas, Albuquerque and Denver are the most popular TripTik and map requests.
• Seattle, Denver, Chicago and Minneapolis are the most popular domestic flights.
• London, Amsterdam and Victoria, Canada, are the most popular international flights.
<|endofexample|>
NEW YORK - Recent disclosures of massive data leaks at information brokers, banks and retailers have prompted Congress to once again consider tightening access to Social Security numbers, which have evolved into dangerous master keys for fraud.
But Social Security numbers already have come under a hodgepodge of restrictions over the years, and many experts question whether the new proposals would truly hinder identity theft.
In fact, reducing some companies’ access to Social Security numbers could even worsen the situation. also can.
‘‘It’s too easy to get to data no matter what the key is, from insiders or hackers or mistakes,’’ said Jody Westby, head of the security and privacy practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. ‘‘What-check.
Finer points in the bills are expected to change as several measures are combined in hopes of generating one likely to pass. But a look at some of the details shows the difficulty of restricting Social Security numbers.
For example, a proposal from Sens. Arlen Specter, R-Pa., and Pat Leahy, D-Vt., would prohibit data brokers from selling a Social Security number without the consent of the subject. But there are many exceptions. The numbers could be sold for ‘‘research’’ purposes, for example, or if just the last four digits are listed.
The latter exception ‘‘almost nullifies the entire bill,’’ said Daniel Solove, a law professor at George Washington University and author of ‘‘The Digital Person.’’ That’s because the last four digits of any Social Security number are the only truly random part of the string. A savvy thief sometimes can determine the first five digits, because those are determined by where and when the number was granted.
And even if a thief doesn’t get someone’s exact number, he still might be able to obtain credit in that person’s name.
Because the system is built to grant credit in a minute, there’s a built-in tolerance for typographical errors or misprints such as transposed digits in the Social Security number.
‘‘They’re looking for accurate matches, but not exact matches, and that gray area is where fraudsters seek to perpetrate their crime,’’ said Terrence DeFranco, chief of Edentify Inc. Edentify makes software that scans credit applications for signs of fraud.
To perform that check, Edentify examines information harvested by data brokers, companies like Choice-Point Inc. or Reed Elsevier PLC’s LexisNexis, which both had breaches that led to the current scrutiny.
Consequently, DeFranco has lobbied Congress to make sure Social Security numbers could still be sold for fraudprevention services like his.
Since ChoicePoint discovered that it let identity thieves posing as legitimate customers get information on 145,000 Americans, the company has stopped printing Social Security numbers on background reports.
But James Lee, ChoicePoint’s director of marketing, argues that preventing data brokers from harvesting Social Security numbers would be ill-advised. The accuracy of background checks and other reports would suffer, he said, because the numbers remain the best way to differentiate people with similar names and to examine people’s financial histories.
‘‘You have to be very careful of the law of unintended consequences,’’ he said.
What this all points out, many people in the information business argue, is the need for a new identifier.
One solution could be a ‘‘federated identity’’ system that relies on the mathematical principles of cryptography to ensure information can be transferred only among prearranged parties. trust is now exploring ways its system can be applied more broadly in online systems where most identity thefts happen.
‘‘We’re not going to go from what we’re standing in now to nirvana in a single step,’’ said George Goodman, an Intel Corp. research executive who heads the alliance’s management board. ‘‘But federated identity management is a step in the right direction. It puts a greater level of security and protection in place that currently exists.’’
<|endofexample|>
Energy efficiency is a primary factor when assessing the value of new windows and doors. In this economic climate of rising fuel costs it is extremely important that you make the right decision when it comes to the evaluation of the energy ratings and efficiency features of your windows and doors.?
EAS Windows energy rated UPVC windows are available throughout Leicestershire & Northamptonshire, at the highest industry rating available. Which means when you buy our replacement windows you will be adding value to your home and also saving money now and long into the future.
<|endofexample|>
Aerzen Svenska AB
Also in categories:
Delta Hybrid – Innovation from tomorrow’s world!
Aerzen presents the first Rotary Lobe Compressor
Relying on experience in the design and production of rotary lobe blowers since 1868 and screw compressors since 1943 Aerzen has continually set new standards for quality and innovation in the field of twin-shaft positive displacement machines. Aerzener Maschinenfabrik counts among the pioneers of compressor technology and is today one of the leading manufacturers worldwide.
The unique combined experience from the worlds of rotary lobe blowers and screw compressors is the foundation upon which the new groundbreaking and future-oriented Delta Hybrid technology has been developed – the first series of Rotary Lobe Compressors!
Delta Hybrid is a synergy of blower- and compressor technology. By combining the technical advantages of both concepts, it offers completely new possibilities for generating positive pressure or vacuum in air and neutral gas applications.
A total of 7 patents or patent applications currently make the Delta Hybrid one of the most innovative products in compression technology. While low pressure applications call for the Roots-principle.
Over a ten year operating period, energy costs equate to about 90% of the total Life Cycle Costs of a compressor. With this in mind, the Delta Hybrid was developed with the focus on increasing energy efficiency and achieving a significant reduction of energy costs and greenhouse gas emissions.
The ideal union of both rotary lobe blower and screw compressor technologies resulted in the Delta Hybrid, a future-oriented innovation that reduces the energy consumption by up to 15% compared to usual compressors.
A 3+3 twisted rotor profile is used for low pressures up to 800 mbar (12 psi) whereas a 3+4 rotor profile is used for pressures up to 1500 mbar (22 psi): a compressor with optimum efficiency can be selected for the needed pressure range. Optimized fluidic design of inlet and discharge ports provides for ideal flow conditions and reduced slippage. The inlet air is sucked in on the cold side of the package and discharge silencer isolation helps maintaining a low inlet temperature, therefore increasing the compression efficiency. Moreover, the belt-driven Delta Hybrid offers the significant advantage of exact sizing the greatest advantage comes from the energy that does not need to be used. In other words, a 5% excess in volume flow corresponds to a 5 % higher energy use.
The new Delta Hybrid-series distinguishes itself by the following advantages:
• Especially favorable price performance-ratio considerably below the investment-, energy- and maintenance costs for a comparable turbo- or screw compressor
• Energy savings of up to 15 % compared to conventional compressors
• Low maintenance and service costs; reliability and durability
Content is provided by exhibitors. If you consider any content inappropriate or misleading, please contact info@easyfairs.com
Media & Partners
<|endofexample|>
750 Ocean Dr, Miami Beach, United States of America
Save money to spend on exploring the area; stay in this 2-star Starlite Hotel. Ocean Drive, Casa Casuarina and Old City Hall can be reached following a short walk from here. Beach lovers will like the fact that South Beach is nearby. The surroundings provide easy access to Wolfsonian-FIU. This museum is located within 0.4 km (0.2 miles) distance. Flamingo Park is one fun-filled destination in the near vicinity. This hotel proves to be a convenient base from which to access Miami Beach Convention Centre.
Amongst the areas accessible to guests, Starlite Hotel has a restaurant and a bar/lounge. Take advantage of services such as a doctor on call, a dry cleaning/laundry service, or even a concierge service. If work draws you to Miami Beach, you will be pleased to know there is a business center here. The 50 rooms are appointed with all facilities you need during your stay in Miami Beach. A paid valet parking service can offer some convenience if you travel to the hotel by car.
Starlite Hotel has air conditioning systems. Local calls are free of charge. The standard room services here are enhanced by a wake-up service as well as a daily housekeeping service. This hotel's guests can use wireless high-speed Internet access (complimentary). The rooms that have a bathroom also come with a shower/bath combination. The rooms that come with kitchen facilities include a microwave and a refrigerator.
Show reviews
Room types
1 queen Television with premium cable channels. Complimentary wireless Internet access . Free local calls. Refrigerator and microwave. Shower/tub combination. Hair dryer. Clock radio and iron/ironing board. Air conditioning. Non-Smoking .
2 double Television with premium cable channels. Complimentary wireless Internet access . Free local calls. Refrigerator and microwave. Shower/tub combination. Hair dryer. Clock radio and iron/ironing board. Air conditioning. Non-Smoking .
Please provide this reference number to our customer service center representative on request, so we can help you better
<|endofexample|>
Oh one of our traditions {for any holiday} is making all the typical fixings for dinner when the family gets together. I'm talking glazed turkey, honey baked ham, green bean casserole, heaping amounts of mashed potatoes, homemade stuffing and of course, cranberry sauce. This year I decided to do up a new version that I found from my Cooking Light magazine and this was amazing! I had never thought of adding orange zest or WINE to my sauce, but it came out wonderful.
This also jars really well and would make the perfect holiday gift OR bring it your next family gathering to share with everyone. This sauce took hardly any time to make and smells incredible on the stove.
Everyone is here except for my Aunt {whose taking the picture} and my brother who was in Afghanistan.
He'll be here this year though!
Oh and board games are clearly a must.
And so is wine.
This year should be even better now that my brother is home from Afghanistan, I know we're all happy to have him here!
Now about that recipe...
______________________________________
Servings: 12
Serving Size: 1/4 cup
Calories: 112
Fat: 1.2 g
Carbs: 25.5 g
Fiber: 1.5 g
Protein: 0.2 g
Sodium: 1 mg
Old Points: 2 pts
Points+: 3 pts
______________________________________
Here are your ingredients:
Recipe adapted from Cooking Light
1!
Hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Can't wait to see what delicious meals everyone will make!
29 lovely comments:
You're right that would make a great gift! So pretty and festive. I'm so glad the season is upon us! Enjoy the time with your family!
So tasty! Great job. I make mine with some ginger, but otherwise almost the same. Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving! That cranberry sauce is bangin'. I love the pic with the orange zest on top.
Thanks for the recipe. I'm making my cranberry sauce today and prepping for my stuffing. Happy Thanksgiving!!
Beautiful and delicious!!!
Delicious! I am passing this onto my mom who makes our Thanksgiving dinner - she will love it!
These are such beautiful pictures! You captured the colors perfectly!
Have a great thanksgiving! It is so wonderful that your brother is back home to celebrate with you and your family!
~Rona
That looks fantastic. Sometimes nothing beats the standard, does it. Don't know if anyone else sees this, but half of your pictures are missing and there's just a black box with a yield-shaped sign and an exclamation point in the middle. The pictures I can see are gorgeous.
Oh, I'm thrilled that your brother is home for the holidays this year...such a blessing for your family! Your cranberry sauce looks fabulous!!! Enjoy your Thanksgiving~
I love the cranberry sauce! Thanks for the recipe. Have a happy Thanksgiving!
Great recipe,the color looks great,I m sure adding yummy taste to the Thanksgiving meals,,,have a great thanksgiving with your family :)
Ridwan
Glad to hear your brother is home! Have a wonderful day with your family!
this looks yummy! happy thanksgiving!
This sauce looks wonderful. We are all about traditions as well. I hope you have a fabulous Thanksgiving.
I did not know you before but you were already on my bookmark long before I started blogging. i have tried couple of recipes. One of them I remember is the chestnut soup. At 20, so much of a passion for cooking is something an amazing thing for me.Thanks for visiting my blog.How do you manage so much?
It is so fun celebrating holidays with family and close ones, you all look to be enjoying your delicious cooking light dinner. Have a happy Thanksgiving!
Cranberry sauce looks absolutely perfect, love the post....Happy Thanksgiving!
Your cranberry sauce looks delish! Plus everything tastes better with wine! ;) Happy Thanksgiving x
This looks lovely! I love the photos of your family! Have a wonderful Thanksgiving.
Fun Thanksgiving! Totally jealous :) And that cranberry sauce is totally droolable!
This looks delicious.
So glad i found your Blog! Im your newest follower :)
Yum, would have never thought to put wine in cranberry sauce! Hope your family enjoyed it and that you had a lovely Thanksgiving!
That is a gorgeous sauce--beautiful color!
I'm with you on the board games! Monopoly is our goto Thanksgiving game, but Apples to Apples is a fave!
I have to make this next year for my blog! It looks delicious :) xoxo
I love homemade cranberry sauce so much! It is so much better this way! I am also with you on the holiday thing... I love turkey day, but I have been listening to christmas music for weeks now! :)
My sister in-law brought Apples to Apples to our house for Thanksgiving this year! I'd never heard of it before, but it might be the best game ever!!!
yes another girl who makes their own cranberry relish and doesn't just pop open a can. that stuff is nasty! i will pin your recipe and photo so i can try it next year
Love this recipe! Will be linking back to this in my upcoming post :)
<|endofexample|>
Newcastle are in talks with Montpellier over a deal to sign defender Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa, according to reports.
Toon boss Alan Pardew is desperate to strengthen his squad in January as he bids to steer his side away from the Premier League relegation zone.The need to bolster his defence has gathered greater urgency over the past week with the news that Fabricio Coloccini wants to return home to Argentina.France international and Montpellier skipper Yanga-Mbiwa appears to be the man the Magpies want to replace Coloccini.The French champions are understandably reluctant to let their skipper go, but reports on Saturday suggest a £6.7million deal is being discussed between the two clubs.
Have you an opinion on this story? Put your money where your mouth is and claim a free £25 bet.
<|endofexample|>
3 to 3 1/2 cups flour1/2 teaspoon salt1 teaspoon ground nutmeg1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened3/4 cup sugar1 egg, beaten1/3 cup eggnog2 teaspoon vanilla1 teaspoon rum extract1/4 teaspoon each red and green paste food coloring*1 egg white, beaten, optional1/4 cup coarse sugar, optional1 tube prepared white decorator frosting24 cinnamon candies, optional
Preheat.
*Traditional liquid food colors may be used, however they will require a larger amount to achieve the same vibrant:
<|endofexample|>
Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.
Shipping and handling
Shipping cannot be calculated for your area. You can contact the seller for additional shipping costs and services.
Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid Postal Code.
Item location: Overland Park, Kansas, United States
Shipping to: Worldwide
Excludes: Yemen, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Israel, Kuwait, Bahrain, Jordan, Oman, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Middle East, Lebanon
* Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.
Return policy
The buyer is responsible for return shipping costs.
<|endofexample|>
Product Details
*This listing includes one brand new lighted sign
, European and other countries
*Come with a metal chain for you to hang up on wall
*Paypal or Credit Card via Paypal is the only payment we accept
*Please pay in 7 days after winning the item
*Shipping and handling fee please refer to the 'Shipping and payments' link
*Insurance is included in the shipping and handling fee already
*We do not combine shipping since air mail fee is proportional to total weight, but if you purchase 3 items or above in 7 days, we will offer you a 5% discount on total shipping fee. A combine invoice will be sent to you in 24 hours after you won the items
*We will arrange the item to
<|endofexample|>
You are bidding on a vintage lithograph by famous artist WILLIAM SERGEANT KENDALL. Modeled by his daughter, Beatrice. The title is " PSYCHE ". The original painting is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in N.Y. Mythical girl with butterfly wings. A very popular print in the 1930's and 1940's. The size is a great 9 inches by 12 inches. Great standard framing size. Condition is excellent. Stored flat for decades away from light and dust, the colors are mint, unfaded, perfect. Uncirculated, beautiful, colorful print. Please see photos. Excellent to mat and frame! I do absolutely guarantee this to be an old, original print made in the 1930's or 1940's. It is not a reprint, reproduction or a new printing. I have several other prints and pin-up items on Ebay, including the Limited Edition Elvgren Book co-authored by his son Drake Elvgren, vintage Varga playing cards, Vargas prints and collector card sets etc. Check them out. Please e-mail any questions. I gladly combine shipping and will ship additional prints free of charge. You just pay shipping on the first item. Priority Mail shipping with a delivery confirmation tracking number is $6.95 U.S.A. International shipping is higher. As you can see by my feedback, I pack prints between heavy cardboard to survive handling by the Post Office. Thanks for stopping by. LOW STARTING BID AND NO RESERVE!
<|endofexample|>
Consumer Know How Blog
January 2010
26 January 2010
Marketing Doesn't stop at the shop door
Alex Marks - Head of International Business Marketing, eBay Advertising
It has to be said there are advantages to being a man, even in these days of enlightened thinking. I don’t mean our innate ability to find travel directions an interesting and perfectly acceptable discussion topic. Or even the fact that we are able to store and retrieve at will, important facts about dinosaurs. No, one of our main advantages in this modern world lies in our ability to shop at record speed. And time as we know, is precious.
But are we really ruthless hunters of goods and services? Do we take a focused and direct route to our chosen victim then once claimed escort it to the till, pay and leave with a feeling of self-satisfaction.
Sometimes yes, but a body of evidence, and it should be noted that there are differing views, suggests that somewhere between 20-60% of our purchases are entirely unplanned, and that goes for men as well as women. That’s an awful lot of wandering around, shrugging shoulders and thinking, ‘oh go on then’.
So what is at work here?
There are whole books written on the psychology of buying so I won’t try to cover all the bases here. Suffice to say that it is a combination of factors. Age and gender, in-store marketing and purchase type all have a part to play.
Our own recent research studies into online shopping (E-buyers Mind) also points to the fact that frequency of purchase impacts on how we choose our supplier. Whether it be a more casual search and price led decision for those infrequent purchases, or a more convenience based and brand loyal decision for the regular ones.
But if so much of what we buy is unplanned why do brands spend so much on advertising outside the shop? Well to counter that question with a statement – In-store marketing spend in the UK is around £25bn. Media spend is around £20bn. They are both enormous markets but how much do they work together?
It seems to be that media spends a large part of its effort getting people to the front door. Once inside in-store marketing takes over.
In the high street the rules are pretty fixed, media agencies do outside the store; marketing and sales promotion agencies generally do inside. But in the online world e-tailers are only just beginning to open their doors to advertisers. In the UK on eBay for example, over £100m worth of goods are sold every week. That’s a lot of purchases that could have been swung your brands way.
Online shopping used to be about getting a bargain, the cheapest CD player I could find. It’s not like that anymore. Trust, selection, and convenience are now just as important. Bargain has been replaced with ‘Value’ and that’s an important distinction as the breadth of goods gets ever wider. The biggest selling category online in 2009? Clothing, Shoes, and Accessories. The biggest growing sector? Groceries. Both markets where you always thought you needed to see the item. Consumers are changing.
There is a real opportunity here for brands to start looking at online shops as a place to promote their goods and services. And an opportunity for online retailers to develop new formats for advertisers.
Marketing doesn’t stop at the shop door, wherever you might find it.
<|endofexample|>
Enjoy great savings with free hotel night offers across Europe, USA and Middle East.
Hotel<<
May is the perfect month for a weekend getaway. We selected the best weekend trips for you to enjoy the May bank holidays.
Fresh from our top hotels and updated weekly, we’re serving up exclusive hand-picked deals for even more discounts and extras!
Top hotel destinations
Book your hotel on ebookers.ie and you can save up to 50%. With thousands of hotels across the globe, we have the hotel for you.
3* Bewleys Hotel Airport, Dublin | 3* Bewleys Hotel Ballsbridge, Dublin | 4* Clayton Hotel, Galway | 3* Clube Praia Da Oura, Albufeira | 4* Crowne Plaza, New York | 3* Holiday Inn, New York | 3* Holiday Inn, Liverpool | 4* MGM Grand Hotel, Las Vegas | 4* Silver Springs Moran Hotel, Cork | 4* The Burlington Hotel, Dublin | 5* The G Hotel, Galway | 4* The Gibson Hotel, Dublin |- South Africa Hotels - Spain Hotels - Switzerland Hotels - Thailand Hotels - Turkey Hotels - United Arab Emirates Hotels - United Kingdom Hotels - United States.
<|endofexample|>
The Leading eBooks Store Online
for Kindle Fire, Apple, Android, Nook, Kobo, PC, Mac, Sony Reader...
Literacy Work Stations
Making Centers Work
US$ 21.60 (+. less
Stenhouse Publishers; January 2003
225 pages; ISBN 9781571107008
Read online, or download in secure PDF format
225 pages; ISBN 9781571107008
1571107002
9781571103536
9781571107008
<|endofexample|>
1985-Ana
Ana made landfall over Newfoundland as a tropical storm with winds of 102 km/h on July 19.
Rainfall image map of Ana, which made landfall over Newfoundland as a tropical storm on July 19, 1985. Maximum provincial rainfalls: 83 millimetres in Nova Scotia (Sable Island) and 106.3 millimetres in Newfoundland
Ana originated just south of Bermuda on July 15, 1985. It formed into a tropical storm with maximum winds of 110 km/h and entered the CHC Response Zone on July 18 with winds of 83 km/h. Ana made landfall over Newfoundland as a tropical storm with winds of 102 km/h on July 19. Newfoundland recorded heavy rain and strong winds. The Burin Peninsula was hit particularly hard as roads were washed away. Ana only remained within the CHC Response Zone for one day before it diminished on July 19.
Post Tropical Storm Ana started tracking in the Canadian Hurricane Centre response zone at position 1 outlined in green, with winds of 48 knots and occurred south of Nova Scotia. It then moved northeast to position 2 outlined in yellow, through Placentia Bay with winds of 48 knots east of storm centre. It then moved through the Avalon Peninsula just north of St. John’s to position 3 outlined in brown with winds of 48 knots southeast of storm centre. As it tracked through Atlantic Canada the storm reached a maximum wind speed of 50 knots, with an mslp of 1000 millibar
Nova Scotia
July 20, 1985
- 50–60 mm of rain on Sable Island (ET)
Newfoundland
July 20, 1985
- 42 mm of rain in St. John’s and winds of 70 km/h (ET)
- The hardest hit area was the Burin Peninsula with minor road washouts to the highway and St. John’s had two overloaded storm sewers (ET)
- Date Modified:
-
<|endofexample|>
On Tue, 14 Mar 2006, Brian Hogg wrote:
>?
Sounds strange. It could be the sample rate differences. Ecasound should
report an error if you try to process files with different rates. You have
to always explicitly ask for resampling (as it can degrade audio quality)
by using the special "resample" audio object.
Is the issue fixes if you keep to files sharing same srate?
If yes, there's still a bug somewhere - ecasound should notice this and
complain.
-- 04:15:06 2006
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.1.8 : Thu Mar 23 2006 - 04:15:07 EET
<|endofexample|>
Colleges embrace MP4 technology for delivering instruction
University Alliance promotes live chats, streaming lecture video, and message boards through students’ mobile devices
By Dennis Carter, Assistant EditorRead more by Denny Carter
Four universities are giving students the chance to complete certificate and degree programs by downloading class material to mobile devices like iPhones and iPods in a distance-learning initiative that could one day be commonplace in higher education. Read more with registration.
<|endofexample|>
Turner stays but Lineker goes
Click here for all the latest news from the domestic cricket scene, including exclusive interviews, team news, match reports and photo galleries
Derbyshire have rewarded paceman Mark Turner for an impressive season with a new two-year contract.
Turner was the Falcons’ standout Clydesdale Bank 40 bowler this year, taking 17 wickets at an average of just 24.
Head coach Karl Krikken said: “While our strategy moving forward continues to centre on the development of homegrown talent, it is also important to maintain the services of our recruited cricketers who are established members of the squad.
“A new two-year contract is recognition of the progress Mark has made during the 2012 season. He can go on to be an excellent bowler for this club in years to come.”
Derbyshire, currently top of Division Two in the LV= County Championship, have opted not to renew opener Matt Lineker’s deal.
Krikken added: .”
Want to know what's happening at your county? Interested in how your rivals are faring? Look no further than ecb.co.uk's county-by-county page
<|endofexample|>
During the time that Theodore Harrison completed apprentice and journeyman Iron Worker training, and became a trained member of the International Iron Workers Union, he worked as a structural iron worker in many areas of the country. As a result, he gained vast knowledge of hoisting and TV tower applications.
In 1980, he started East Coast Hoist, Inc consisting of sales, leasing, service, installation, removal of outside building hoists.
In 1993, East Coast Hoist became the manufacturers USA representative in selling and distributing PECCO Personnel/Material Hoists. This operation is now known as Harrison Hoist Inc.
With 35 years experience, Ted Harrison and East Coast Hoist Inc. have become recognized leaders in the hoisting industry, providing rack and pinion hoists for buildings and power plants in the following areas; Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Washington D.C., Virginia, and Florida.
We insist on a safe working environment, while offering full hoisting packages which include sales, leasing, installation and removal, operation of equipment, full service and safety testing.
Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License.
<|endofexample|>
BirthsBirths in Douglas County September 4 through September 11, 2012.
Douglas County Hospital
September 4
Girl, Denise and Joel Runge, Alexandria
Boy, Courtney and Kyle Haakinson, Nelson
September 5
Boy, Denise and Eric Gillies, Alexandria
September 6
Boy, Heather Wulfekuhle and Aaron Leegaard, Evansville
September 9
Boy, Kimberly Arroyo and Jeremy Mueller, Hoffman
September 11
Girl, Samantha Riedel and Bradley Warzecha, Parkers Prairie
Births from January 1 to September 11, 2012: 423.
Tags: celebrations, birthsMore from around the web
<|endofexample|>
Contrary constituents: Some Alexandrians support gay marriage
Driving home a tragic lesson
Although the crash, the blood and the screams were all fake, the lesson they delivered was all too real. Don’t send text messages when you are driving. It could cost a life.RELATED CONTENT
Contrary constituents: Some Alexandrians support gay marriage
Political representatives in the Alexandria area say their constituents do not support the gay marriage bill that was signed into law by Governor Mark Dayton on Tuesday afternoon. Many, however, are celebrating the decision.RELATED CONTENT
Gay couples ready for married rights
Minnesota’s gay community never has known such joy. That joy showed Tuesday night as American and rainbow flags flew in front of the state Capitol when Minnesota became the 12th state to embrace same-sex marriage.RELATED CONTENT
Should districts consolidate?
Both Brandon and Evansville school boards are putting it to voters in those districts on June 25 to decide if the two school districts should consolidate into one.RELATED CONTENT
Another season launches at Minnesota Lakes Maritime Museum
Minnesota Lakes Maritime Museum (MLMM) in Alexandria will launch its 2013 season on Friday, May 17 with a special exhibit dedicated to all things lakes.RELATED CONTENT
Ride for Healing rallies slated in Alexandria and Osakis
Alexandria and Osakis are two of many stops along the 2013 Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Minnesota State Commanders project Ride for Healing, slated to take place the week of May 27 to June 1.
Minnesota Destinations: Festival of Birds
More than 250 species of birds live in Becker County, because the Detroit Lakes area is in the heart of a transition zone of tall grass prairie, northern hardwood and coniferous ecosystems. The 16th annual Festival of Birds is scheduled for May 16-19, 2013.RELATED CONTENT
Alexandria girls' track and field: Cardinals on the right track
Alexandria is focused on improvement more than final team scoresRELATED CONTENT
Alexandria boys' track and field: Depth of Cardinal throwers on display
Veterans lead Alexandria boys at the Cardinals' home triangularRELATED CONTENT
Alexandria boys' golf: Knotted at the top
The Cardinal boys' golfers win at Willmar to set up a battle for the Central Lakes Conference titleRELATED CONTENT
<|endofexample|>
Back to topBack to top
Showing 30 most recent reviews of 238 reviews - View all reviews.
A quality low cost ecig with many flavor options that keeps it simple.
SmokeTip works like traditional cigarette smoking. It delivers the enjoyment of smoking (the touch and taste) without the harmful 2000+ chemicals or problems caused by tobacco smoke. The exciting new SmokeTip product design is the key to making this happen. There is no flame with SmokeTip: the small electronic cigarette includes a rechargeable battery and replaceable cartridges that provide the smoking experience, without tobacco! Inhaling on the SmokeTip gives all the same sensations of smoking. However, the unit releases only simulated smoke (vapor mist), that evaporates in the air.
(*) Actual price may differ - price listed here is not guaranteed. It is just a reference.
<|endofexample|>
Read news & updates from around the EDM world.
Electronic music visionary Paul van Dyk is delighted to reveal the first details of the second coming of We Are One, his Berlin-based festival spectacular. On July 6th the enigmatic, atmospheric, arena. I look later. Those purchasing the limited number of VIP tickets will gain admission to both the We Are One Festival as well as its exclusive after party (more info on which TBA)..
Posted on May 8th, 2013 by Matt Labour in Events • News
Last year, the 250th and New Year’s live editions of Corsten’s Countdown spiked Twitter trends, premiered new anthems and transfixed music lovers around the globe. Today, electronic music maven Ferry Corsten reveals the first details of his third extended spectacular.”
Taking over the SiriusXM airwaves for 8hrs at a time, previous live editions of Corsten’s Countdown have drawn listenerships numbered up in the 100s of 1000s. Most recently, through its thrilling, feature packed action (and often fan-guided musical content), the 2012 New Year’s broadcast trended 3 times on Twitter.
Now, much more is in store! The Summer Special edition of Corsten’s Countdown will be packed to the nines with the hottest tracks, drop-ins from surprise guests, ticket giveaways, track and remix premieres, live interviews (with DJs calling in from around the world) and, of course, in the last hour, the Countdown itself. You name it, #CCSUMMER is going to have it, so put a mark in your calendar for June 2nd now!
Corsten’s Countdown Sunmmer Special video trailer online now here:
As every seasoned Corsten’s Countdown listener knows, each episode gives you the chance to vote up your favourite track of the moment. With the live extended editions though, Corsten’s Countdown goes into interactive overdrive. For the Corsten’s Countdown Summer Special,! If you’ve got exciting plans for this summer – places you’re going, people you’re seeing – Ferry wants to know. He and RTÉ Pulse co-presenter Mr. Spring will be sharing them throughout the show with hundreds of thousands of fans from around the world.
Simple! The Corsten’s Countdown Summer Special micro-site is now open. There you can submit track requests along with video links for them, as well as your favourite sun-season memory and accompanying photos. On June 2nd Ferry will incorporate them into one summer-celebrating radio & online social get-together. Head over to and start getting involved.
Wherever you are in the world, you’re going to be able to catch the action. Alongside RTÉ’s Corsten’s Countdown broadcast, the entire 8 hours will be going out live as part of SiriusXM and Armin van Buuren’s A State of Sundays programming. You can also tune in via one of the 50+ international stations carrying the show, listen in via the corstenscountdown.com portal or via the official Ferry Corsten App (available here:).
The only thing better than tuning in… is being there! Corsten’s Countdown Summer Session takes place on the Bank Holiday of June 2nd. It’s going to be a unique start-to-finish, not-to-be-missed F.C. day in the scenic surrounds of the Irish Republic’s capital. Having spun 8hrs at RTÉ’s Pulse studios, he’s moving the party on to the city’s Academy club. There, playing an extended set, Ferry will close out your holiday weekend in the fashion that only Corsten can! So why not make a weekend of it and hit Dublin for the Summer Special!
Corsten’s Countdown Summer Special will raise the temperature of radio waves around the world… Give your sunglasses a wipe and get your #CCSUMMER tunes set. June 2nd’s gonna be a scorcher!
Posted on May 8th, 2013 by Matt Labour in Events • News
6 inCroatia. British bass purveyors Chase & Status, dub-house duo Cazzette and Turkish progressive mainstayDeniz Koyu are all taking to the main stage at the Poljud Stadium in Split over Friday 12th and Saturday 13thJ.
Following the record breaking fifteenth edition of Ultra Music Festival that took place over two weekends in Miami in March, this trend of raising the bar will continue when electronic music lovers from over 75 countries flock to Croatia for Ultra Europe, which is on course to sell out with over 60% of tickets already sold 3 months before the festival even begins! Arena.
Keep up-to-date with all announcements and information by visiting ULTRA EUROPE’s Official Website and Facebook page.
Posted on April 18th, 2013 by John Silvera in News.
For more info check:
Video created by Robin Piree & Tom van den Berg
Posted on April 17th, 2013 by Matt Labour in News
Read what's on EclecticRadio today from their amazingly big network of artists, promoters, venues and agencies and this Friday we will be able to enjoy ErroV & Reef!
The last show on this Friday will be a brandnew episode of DIMIX Essential Selected at 11pm CET, this time with a guestmix from Danny Howard!
Enjoy!
Posted on May 17th, 2013 by Mark in Club Judge Showcase • DIMIX Essential Selected • ManiacBeatz with DJ ManiacBeatz • Show News
Download mixtapes, liveshows, bootlegs and tracks.
Genoten van de liveset van ManiacBeatz gisteren in de ER studio? Mooi, download hem nu hierboven!
ManiacBeatz draait elke vrijdagavond van 19:00 – 21:00 een heerlijke weekendset om jouw weekend officieel keihard te laten beginnen en dat doet ‘ie goed
Geniet van deze twee-uur durende show en als je helemaal zit te genieten, kun je nog veel meer ManiacBeatz downloaden vanaf onderstaande link:
Enjoy!
Posted on April 27th, 2013 by Matt Labour in House Music Downloads
VatoGonzalez.com is proud to present the 2nd edition of the free ‘Army of Bastards’ mixtape, thanks to the collective effort of all the producers of our own online community.
Mixed & mastered by Vato Gonzalez. Additional laziness provided by Furr & Squeek.
Big shout out to all the producers who sent in their work; Volts, Guiseppe Funka, RMCO, Kama Qu, Olivier Heldens, Randy Sauvage, Mystique, AMRO, Jonathan Pitch, Sedelic, Backcornerz, Jasper Dietze, Emilio G, Aaron Chase, Crowd Pilots, Martin Falkenberg, Ruben Kusters, Robby East, Beatbangersz, Anoosh, Mad Nation, Arvana, D-Velro, Veni, Positiv, Row Rocka, Ricos, Ryan Sauvage, Veni, Vandé, Sonny G, Joe Fosho, Jaxx Morero, Erol Montez, Difesa, Dirty Minds, AvD, Asic & Hugs, Art Inc, Stavros Martina, Andy Woods, Aletro, Laëro, Massivebeatz, Royal Flavour, South Fellas, NEXTBEST, Lucky Dice, Rixter, Antigrav, Maracas, H20, Vincent Voort, Mickey Hollander, Tim Noir, Fiero, Certas, Tyro Maniac, Savero, Robin Dekkers, Regtur, l’Exclusiv, TMH, Ali Jouher, Emilio G, DJ UpsideDown, P.M.C, Nicky Roos, DJ StoneX, Chriss Stussy, WastedWankers, Nick Double, Lovado, Ruben Deluxx, Daniel Robson, Will J, JesterD, Dayo Nasty, Chris Decent, Mark Koster, Bonzer, Jarugorn, Eyedentity, House Addications, Ruben Deluxx, Fabio Ramoz, Joshua Vaughn, Pelle, Jordan Hill, Funkshifter, Overtracked, Soriento, Mick Slack, Fiero, Alex Kalicki, Sacha Harland.
Another big shout out to “captain” Kama Qu for organizing the troops again! For press, bookings & business please contact aob@vato.nl!
DOWNLOAD NOW: bit.ly/AOBMixtape2
FREE DOWNLOAD: SINDEN & VATO GONZALEZ – $100 INFINITE KUNG FU VIXENS (INDIAN SUMMER RMX)
My track $100 Infinite Kung Fu Vixens with SINDEN is doing so well that the label has decided to give away the Indian Summer Remix. In short, get it here as a FREE DOWNLOAD.
PREVIOUS FREE DOWNLOADS (IN CASE YOU’VE MISSED ONE)
Posted on April 24th, 2013 by Matt Labour in House Music Downloads
Franky Rizardo has dropped a super nice remix on his Soundcloud and made it available for free! Awesome share, so be sure to grab it now to enjoy the real Rizardo sound!
Grab the download now: soundcloud.com/frankyrizardo/lego-el-ritmo-de-verdad/download
Enjoy the summer
Posted on April 18th, 2013 by Matt Labour in House Music Downloads
Dutch Eclectic God DJ The Flexican finally found the time to wrap up his yearmix 2012! Awesome job on April 4th, haha
Enjoy the great mixing techniques and track selection of this amazing DJ and performer and whenever you can catch a Flexican show, be sure to check him out because he’s (yours) truly one of a kind.
Check out the tracklist below and be sure to download the yearmix now!
1. Major Lazer – Get Free
2. Miguel – Adorn
3. Rihanna – Diamonds
4. Chris Brown – Strip
5. French Montana – Shot Caller
6. Nas – The Don
7. Alicia Keys – New Day
8. A$AP Rocky – F**kin’ Problems
9. T.I. – Ball
10. Tyga – Faded
11. Trinidad James – All Gold Everything
12. Drake – The Motto
13. Adje – Hele Meneer
14. Popcaan – Party Shot
15. Stevie Wonder – Superstition (The Flexican & SirOJ Remix)
16. Bondax – Baby I Got That
17. Rihanna – Nobody’s Business ft. Chris Brown
18. Moon Boots – Got Somebody
19. M83 – Midnight City (Nightmare! Remix)
20. Diplo – Express Yourself ft. Nicky Da B
21. Jeremih – Fuck U All The Time Ft. Natasha Mosley
22. Staygold – Wallpaper ft. Style of Eye & Pow
23. Solange – Losing You
24. The Opposites – Slapeloze Nachten
25. Noir & Haze – Around (Solomun Vox Mix)
26. Storm Queen – Look Right Trough (MK Dub III)
27. Lykke Li – I Follow Rivers (The Magician Remix)
28. Jessie Ware – Running (Disclosure Remix)
29. Will Monotone – Fiona
30. Boddika & Joy O – Swims
31. Julio Bashmore – Au seve
32. Gregor Salto – Azumba
33. Gesaffelstein – Control Movement
34. Nari & Milani – Atom
35. Nicky Romero – Toulouse
36. Knife Party – Internet Friends
37. Redlight – Get Out My Head
38. Schoolboy Q – Hands On the Wheel
39. Juicy J – Bandz a Make Her Dance
40. Chief Keef – I Don’t Like
41. Cash Out – Cashin Out
42. Usher – Climax
43. Future – Turn On The Lights
44. Kirko Bangz – Drank In My Cup
45. Jeremih – 773 Love
46. Major Lazer & Partysquad – Original Don (Flosstradamus Remix)
47. Baauer – Harlem Shake
48. French Montana – Pop That
49. Future – Same Damn Time
50. 2 Chainz – Birthday Song
51. Hardwell – Spaceman (Carnage Festival Trap Remix)
52. Rita Ora – Radioactive (The Flexican RMX)
53. Bingo Players – Rattle (Damage Remix)
54. Kanye West – Mercy ft. 2 Chainz
55. M.I.A. – Bad Girls
56. Sleigh Bells – Demons (Diplo Remix)
57. Benny Benassi – Satisfaction (RL Grime Remix)
58. Sef – De Wereld In
59. Yellow Claw – Nooit Meer Slapen ft. Ronnie Flex, MocroManiac (The Flexican Minder Herrie Edit)
60. Nicki Minaj – Beez In The Trap
61. Kendrick Lamar – Swimming Pools (Drank)
62. A$AP Rocky – Goldie
63. Rick Ross – Stay Schemin’ ft. Drake
64. Big Sean & Nicki Minaj – Dance (Ass) Remix 65. TNGHT – Higher Ground
66. Frank Ocean – Bad Religion
67. Gotye – Somebody That I Used To Know (Mphazes Remix)
Download here:
Posted on April 4th, 2013 by Matt Labour in House Music Downloads
<|endofexample|>
In this eleventh and final step of the energy services project delivery process, the electrical contractor (EC) follows up with the customer to verify that the project continues to perform as planned and helps the customer correct any warranty, guarantee or performance issues discovered since project closeout. This step is vital to marketing performance-verification services.
Why verify?
Most energy services project agreements require the EC to provide a standard one-year warranty for the installation. As a result, customers do not expect the electrical contractor to check the performance of the energy services project after project closeout. However, from a business development standpoint, the EC needs to ensure the customer is satisfied with the work and is willing to provide a recommendation to other potential customers if asked.
Without following up with the customer and verifying that the installed equipment and systems are performing as expected, there is no way for the EC to know if the customer is satisfied with the installation. The energy services project could be working, but it may not be working as well as planned; the customer may not be happy with it. In this case, the EC needs to know the customer’s concerns and work to resolve them and ensure repeat business and good recommendations.
Similarly, customers undertake most energy services projects based on the planned annual energy savings. However, there is no way of knowing if the actual installation is producing savings without verification. This is especially true where installation performance varies throughout the year as in the case of a photovoltaic system or daylighting control system.
Energy performance verification can include analyzing the customer’s monthly utility bills, looking at building management system (BMS) data, setting up temporary monitoring equipment, or a combination of methods. If system performance deviates substantially from planned performance and can’t be explained by changes in weather patterns or facility occupancy and use, the EC can help identify the performance issues and develop a plan for correcting them. It could be as simple as the customer’s personnel not understanding how to operate the system, not maintaining the system as required, or unknowingly modifying the system.
A followup review of the installed system can also help the EC learn and improve its future energy services. Talking to the customer’s personnel that operate and maintain the installed equipment and systems will net valuable information as to what works and does not work for future projects. Information obtained from the customer can include equipment and system operational and maintenance idiosyncrasies; distributor and manufacturer responsiveness; equipment or system options that should have been included or excluded; installation methods and details that could have been better; and other things. Listening to the customer about the project’s performance will not only help the EC improve its services, but the EC will also cement its relationship with this customer by better understanding what this customer wants next time.
Marketing performance verification services
There are a variety of ways that the EC can package and market energy services’ project performance verification services to the customer. The best method is to include the verification services and their associated cost as part of the electrical contractor’s original project scope of work. If the customer is competitively bidding the energy services project, the EC can include the verification process in its bid proposal as a voluntary alternate and not part of the base bid.
In this way, the EC will not be penalized for including this additional service in its proposal, and it can educate the customer about the advantages of project performance verification during contract negotiations if it is the successful bidder. Other options include offering periodic system inspections and performance verifications as part of an ongoing service contract or as a regular service call.
The author thanks ELECTRI International Inc. for sponsoring the project, “Energy Roadmap: Electrical Contractor’s Guide for Expanding Into the Emerging Energy Market,” on which this article is based.
<|endofexample|>
While fire alarms can be integrated with other building systems, they are tightly governed by codes and standards, such as NFPA 72, NFPA 70, UL864, etc., since these systems directly affect life safety.
According to the National Fire Alarm Code, NFPA 72, a true fire alarm system has three parts, which not only have different functions but are physically separate. Each function can be implemented by a variety of different types of devices. The system consists of the following:
• “Initiating device: A system component that originates transmission of a change-of-state condition, such as in a smoke detector, manual fire alarm box, or supervisory switch.” (3.3.89) [Note: all numbered references are to the 2007 edition of NFPA 72.]
• “Fire Alarm Control Unit: A component of the fire alarm system, provided with primary and secondary power sources, which receives signals from initiating devices or other fire alarm control units, and processes these signals in order to determine part or all of the required fire alarm system output function(s).” (3.3.64)
• Output functions: There is a very wide range of output functions, which can be used to activate various types of warning devices, such as bells, horns, lights, speech, text. They can activate a fire suppression device, such as a sprinkler system; transmit a notification to a central monitoring station and/or to a fire department; and transmit emergency commands to other systems, such as elevators, door locks, HVAC dampers and emergency lighting.
Initiating devices
“Automatic and manual initiating devices shall contribute to life safety, fire protection, and property conservation by providing a reliable means to signal other equipment arranged to monitor the initiating devices and to initiate a response to those signals.” (5.2)
The simplest initiating device is a manual pull box activated by a person who sees a fire. Others include smoke detectors, heat detectors and the following:
• Radiant energy detector, which is defined in 5.8.1.2 as “… fire detectors that sense the radiant energy produced by burning substances. These detectors shall be categorized as flame detectors and spark/ember detectors.”
• Water flow switch, which indicates that water has started to flow in a sprinkler system, initiated by a heat-sensing element built into the sprinkler head.
• Detectors that note the operation of other automatic extinguishing systems. (5.12)
• Supervisory signal-initiating devices (5.15) are switch inputs that monitor the readiness of fire suppression and detection devices.
• “Smoke Detectors for Control of Smoke Spread” (5.16), which are smoke detectors designed to sense smoke in chambers that involve air circulation, such as ducts and plenums.
Fire alarm control panel
An addressable fire alarm control panel (FACP) or, as it is called in NFPA 72, fire alarm control unit (FACU), is the heart of what is used to integrate the various elements of fire alarm systems and other building systems.
In an addressable panel, each input device has a unique identifier. The panel reads that information and responds to it with a preprogrammed series of output events designed to deal with the specific type and location of signal initiator. Input and output signals can be transmitted over a single pair of wires, since each device is uniquely identified by a programmed code. NFPA 72, 3.3.173 calls this kind of connection a signaling line circuit: “A circuit path between any combination of addressable appliances or devices, circuit interfaces, control units or transmitters over which multiple system input signals or output signals or both are carried.”
If an alarm is triggered by a particular smoke detector, audible and visual alarms can go off and, at the same time, dampers, fan controls, smoke doors and fire doors in the HVAC system should prevent the flow of smoke from entering unaffected areas. Fire doors might be locked to prevent the spread of the fire, or security doors might be unlocked to permit people to evacuate and/or fire fighters to enter. Since it is possible to know the location of the sensor that triggers an alarm, one can activate a voice message to instruct occupants to move away from that location. Exit marking notification appliances (3.3.113.1.1) are used to mark viable exits by emitting a series of sounds that can be traced and even provide verbal instructions on what action to take, such as “stairs up,” “stairs down,” “area of refuge” and “exit here.”
NFPA 72, in fact, requires fire alarm systems to be integrated with other building systems. For example, the elevator might automatically be switched into firefighters’ recall mode or be sent to an alternate floor. The elevator might be shut down completely prior to automatically activating sprinklers. All these actions and interactions can be programmed locally or remotely in the FACP.
The integration of fire alarm systems with other building systems is rapidly evolving. Specific regulations govern their installation, but the techniques are similar to the typical work of electrical contractors. Furthermore, the regulations clearly specify the required procedures.
BROWN is an electrical engineer, technical writer and editor. He serves as managing editor for SECURITY + LIFE SAFETY SYSTEMS magazine. For many years, he designed high-power electronics systems for industry, research laboratories and government. Reach him at ebeditor@gmail.com
<|endofexample|>
My last column detailed duct smoke detectors and some of the conflicting requirements we experience. I discussed the basic location requirements for duct detectors—on either the supply or return air side of the air handler unit—depending on whether the International Mechanical Code or NFPA 90A is used.
Before we can determine where and when duct smoke detectors must be used in conjunction with smoke dampers, one must determine where smoke dampers are required. A variety of documents may cover this.
Let’s start with NFPA 101, the Life Safety Code, 2009 edition. Although you will find some requirements in the occupancy chapters, most of that information will tell you when the dampers are not required. Chapter 8, Features of Fire Protection, covers the smoke detection requirements. Section 8.4.6.4 states, “Dampers in air-transfer openings shall close upon detection of smoke by approved smoke detectors installed in accordance with NFPA 72, National Fire Alarm Code.” NFPA 90 defines an air transfer opening as “an opening designed to allow the movement of environmental air between two contiguous spaces.”
Does this mean we must have a smoke damper in every wall? No, we provide them in barriers separating smoke compartments. To find where smoke barriers and smoke compartments are required, refer to either the International Building Code or NFPA 101, the Life Safety Code. Keep in mind that there are many sprinkler trade-offs in place in the codes that may reduce the number of smoke compartments required.
When smoke compartmentation is required and smoke dampers will be installed, the fire alarm contractor must determine where to install the duct smoke detector. One source is the International Building Code, 2009 edition, Section 716.3.3.2, which states, “Where a smoke damper is installed within a duct, a smoke detector shall be installed in the duct within 5 feet (1,524 mm) of the damper with no air outlets or inlets between the detector and the damper.” This is typical of the requirements for installation. As indicated in the previous paragraph, the detectors are installed per NFPA 72. Paragraph 5.1.6.5 (2007 edition) gives the installer four choices of mounting detectors in air duct systems. These include using a duct detector with sampling tubes protruding into the duct; spot-type detectors listed for the velocity, temperature and humidity suspended in the center of the duct or mounted to the inside of the duct or using a beam smoke detector.
To recap, first determine the occupancy. Then find smoke barrier or smoke compartment requirements. Next, find where the air ducts penetrate the smoke barriers to determine damper locations by looking at mechanical plans.
Next, let’s discuss testing duct smoke detectors. NFPA 72 was a little vague on this until the 2010 edition. Basically, a duct detector is a system smoke detector that performs a specific function, so you need to test the duct detector as you would any other system smoke detector as well as test to ensure smoke can get to the detector. It is a two-step process. One step is to ensure proper air movement from the duct to the detector through the sampling tubes. This can be verified with an instrument that will measure the differential pressure between the inlet and outlet sampling tubes, such as a manometer.
Secondly, you must test for smoke entry into the detector by introducing a smoke or aerosol acceptable to the smoke detector manufacturer. Both of these tests must be conducted to meet the testing requirements of NFPA 72. The use of magnets or remote test switches does not meet the intent of NFPA 72 for initial and annual testing. They may be used for more frequent testing than required, but cannot be used in place of the required annual test verifying smoke entry into the detector.
This can be a challenge due to the locations of the detectors. Sometimes, it is almost impossible to get to them, but that should be considered during installation. Remember that NFPA 72 requires all fire alarm equipment to be accessible for periodic maintenance. Communicating with the general and mechanical contractors ahead of time can help a great deal..
<|endofexample|>
Blogs
Power Line Transeiver for Home Automation
Mon, 04/09/2007 - 12:24pm
Productive Product: Echelon Corp. announced the PL 3170 Power Line Smart Transceiver to help designers more quickly and easily create end-user home automation products. This is part of Echelon's LonWorks and Digital Home product lines, designed to help buyers save energy. The Pl 3170 has power line signaling technology, an applications processor, and automated installation software in a single chip. The chip meets requirements of the CECED (European Committee of Manufacturers of Domestic Appliances) Household Appliances Control and Monitoring – Application Interworking Specification standard. It will ship this summer. Pricing is not yet announced. Echelon.
Topics
<|endofexample|>
iBeetle: Everything you never wanted in an infotainment systemApril 22, 2013 2:59 pm | by Kasey Panetta, Associate Editor | Comments
We’ve talked A LOT about safety and innovation when it comes to infotainment systems in cars. We've talking more regulation, less regulation, new systems and crazy ideas. The discussion revolves primarily around how to integrate electronics
Should engineers be licensed?April 22, 2013 2:20 pm | by Karl Stephan, Consulting Engineer, Texas State University, San Marcos |....
LEDs: Seeing doubleApril 22, 2013 10:30 am | by Screaming Circuits | Comments
Like.
Fine-pitch solderingApril 22, 2013 9:18 am | by M. Simon, Technical Contributor | Comments
I most ridiculous phone everApril 19, 2013 3:48 pm | by Kasey Panetta, Managing Editor | Comments
The.
Ubiquitous computing: A gadget for every body partApril 19, 2013 12:50 pm | by Stephanie Carmichael, Contributor |.
Engineers Save a LifeApril 19, 2013 3:31 am | by Curious Cat Science and Engineering Blog | Comments
This photo was taken by the driver’s parents when they arrived. It doesn’t show much of what it went through to get there, but it gets most of the point across. The picture was taken 200 feet away and looking … Continue reading →
DesignWest; San Jose April 23 - 25April 18, 2013 1:56 pm | by Screaming Circuits | Comments
Will you be there? We will. If you're in San Jose April 23, 24 or 25, stop by the McEnery Convention center, in San Jose, California. We're in booth 838 and would love to see you and say hi. We'll...
How to manage creative types (with a minimum of fuss)April 17, 2013 1:14 pm | by M. Simon, Technical Contributor | Comments.
Creating a QFN footprint - the center padApril 17, 2013 10:30 am | by Screaming Circuits | Comments.
DoD cancels “participation trophy” for drone pilotsApril 16, 2013 4:03 pm | by Jason Lomberg, Technical Editor |.
Why the government should ban cellphones while drivingApril 16, 2013 10:28 am | by Kasey Panetta, Managing Editor | Comments
This term “nanny state” is an interesting one. It’s a term people throw out when they feel the government is infringing on their right to do something stupid. Frankly, if people could be trusted to police themselves, we wouldn’t have any laws at all.
Low-cost IQ modulation with true-form waveform generatorsApril 15, 2013 1:37 pm | by Joan Mercade, Arbitrary Resources, S.L | Comments.
We all need Google FiberApril 15, 2013 1:16 pm | by Joel Hans, Managing Editor, Manufacturing.net |.
Computers.
<|endofexample|>
When Gas was a Quarter!
EDUCATOR'S VERSION
This lesson printed from:
Posted April 8, 2003
Grades: 3-5
Author: Mickey Ebert
Posted: April 8, 2003
Updated: January 23, 2013
DESCRIPTION.]!
<|endofexample|>
Global Food Crisis – East Africa Emergency!
As a follow-up of yesterdays post on Poverty Facts: 10 Detestable Statistics In Pictures, I received a letter in the mail from World Vision (I Sponsor 2 Children). I opened the envelope quickly expecting news about one of my sponsor children, to find an information sheet full of condemning statistics about 4 countries in Africa [...]
<|endofexample|>
>> for all jernalist of the daily econmist.I want real justice news publish.Thank you
Muhammad Shahed kamal
Newyork -USA
WE WANT FAIR TRIAL, NOT THE DRAMA.
Please publish it. It's very urgent for Bangladesh.
thanks for publish this news
please publish total conversation... to stop this drama
WE WANT TO KNOW ACTUAL FACT. THE WAR CRIME TRIBUNAL & JUSTICE IN BANGLADESH. ALL THE BANGLADESHIS WANT TO KNOW THE PROD & VIOLENCE OF AWAMILIG FOR THE INNOCENT PEOPLE.
THANKING WITH
MAYEEN UDDIN AHMMED
it seems some pre-planned judgements are awaiting, the facts in conversation and emails revels so. please publish and help us to the facts inside the scene very much for this news. I like to request you please publish all the news in the Economist magazine.
Thank you very much for this news. I like to request you please publish all the news in the Economist magazine.
<|endofexample|>
THE European Central Bank gets a lot of brickbats, even though it has shown great flexibility at several stages of this crisis (including all the way back in August 2007, when it was quick to supply liquidity to the markets as the subprime mess was revealed). Mario Draghi has reversed his predecessor's rate rises and lent €1 trillion to European banks.
Unfortunately, it does not look as if it has done enough. The ECB has always paid a great deal of attention to money supply and the latest numbers look awful. A 0.5% month-on-month fall in M3 (the biggest fall since January 2009), dragging the annual number down to 2.5%. Private sector loan growth is a measly 0.3%.
As James Ashley of RBC Capital Markets remarks
improving the supply and availability of credit is only one side of the equation; and in an environment of heightened uncertainty and an awareness of the need to deliver, households and businesses appear to be shunning the option to tap into those credit lines. As a result, while base money has increased by some 30% over since December, the increase in broad money aggregates has been much more subdued; consequently, the money multiplier has now fallen to an all-time low.
There are signs that investors have withdrawn cash from banks and are keeping it under the metaphorical mattress; an understandable reaction, perhaps, to talk of a euro zone break-up.
In the light of this data, the ECB really has to respond. And it could start by cutting rates by half a point from the current 1%. It is hard to believe, based on the monetary or economic data, that there is any short-term inflation threat.
Readers' comments
The Economist welcomes your views. Please stay on topic and be respectful of other readers. Review our comments policy.
Sort:
There are various forms that the 'metaphorical mattress' has assumed, but the question is whether further credit creation would make the mattress assume larger proportions. The sluggish nature of growth of the broad money supply (now that has also stalled according to Buttonwood) in Europe is a pointer that the conventional instruments have not worked unlike U.S., but here we are comparing apples with oranges; it is not liquidity or its absence that one is grappling with at the moment. Too much money following too few productive avenues in the Euro economy, or is it too little money following austerity concerns, would be decided by the trade offs on the anvil in form of interest rates and / or inflation targeting, this prescription perhaps has limited upsides.
Procyon Mukherjee
Inflation (printing) is a bank bailout.
The current problem is that banks printed the global housing Minsky to bail banks out of the Y2K Minsky. In parts of Europe, 13% of the population were in construction (compared to 5.8% in the US), despite the fact that 20% fewer prime age home buyers will be extant withing 20 years. The cost of bailing banks out of this much capital misallocation is more than European voters are willing to pay.
Printing yet another Minsky to bail banks out of the housing Minsky will just create yet another a future credit crisis. Printing capital misallocation is a no win scenario, in the long run.
There must be a better way.
"It is hard to believe, based on the monetary or economic data, that there is any short-term inflation threat."
Oh, but the Germans' historic sensibilities! Of course, the 1923 hyperinflation was quite intentional, the German government's way of wiping out its war debt, and pressuring the Allies regarding reparations. Such inflations do not happen by accident.
Simply red is the Greek issue or issue of realigning the euro zone’s current account imbalances.
It is indeed a matter of money multiplier, but some people seem to be taking some wrong causation this time. It is the long-term expectations that have already collapsed to a level to affect the complex of rates of interest in the open market or the money multiplier. With liquidity preference theory it is easily understandable that there are times when a central bank can’t control M3. A rate cut sounds rather off the mark for the moment without a large banking crisis imminent which could collapse the schedule of the marginal efficiency of investment to trigger a depression. As long as it is a euro zone break-up that is the source of anxiety or the accelerating liquidity preference, it must be the probability of a euro zone break-up that has to be tackled in the first place.
Can we have the real Buttonwood back, please?
Interest rates are already extremely low and, in any case, are not supposed to have much short term effect. If, as Buttonwood frequently contends, there is a problem of solvency and not liquidity, then how is increasing the money supply - the purported aim of an interest rate drop - supposed to help?
There is already too much liquidity sloshing around but it is collecting in all the wrong places because of the need to shore up bank balance sheets and the carry trade in sovereign debt.
If you want a quick increase in the money supply then prick a couple of the asset bubbles and be ready with forgiving bankruptcies and writedowns.
Good observation, Andros. The "structural" problem to which you allude, non-competitive wages in the US, is becoming a lightening rod issue. Regrettably, this is becoming an anti-union movement as well. I say regrettably because trades unions do respond to the industries in which they function. Accordingly, they serve a useful purpose and contribute to competitiveness. There is, however, no such responsiveness in unions functioning within existing monopolies, e.g. education, municipal and federal government. These organziations borrow the form and tactics of trades unions, but exert a death-grip on the institutions they serve. The recall election of Governor Scott Walker in Wisconsin, June 9th, will demonstrate which side is gaining ascendency.
The great horror to liberals of a Bain Capital alumnus [Bain being the equity capital firm Mitt Romney headed] becoming chief executive is that such an executive might bring to the federal government the standards of worker efficiency that Bain Capital brought to its various acquisitions. These standards, of course, are what has kept the American worker among the most productive on the planet.
Until futile and misguided efforts to legislate the economy are abandoned, the American economy will be vulnerable to competition from elsewhere. You point out quite correctly that the labor practices in Shantung Province will continue to undercut our workplace. It's utter foolishness to think that the markets for labor, for instance, will permit law-givers to dictate terms such as minimum wage, closed shop, health care, etc. without adjusting. Like all productive resources, labor is becoming global. This is particularly true in times when freer trade and greater mobility of capital are prime objectives.
I would say the ECB has done well enough but that it can't solve the political problems. When they extended liquidity to the banking system, that opened a window for addressing what was already obvious and which has become the headlights of an oncoming train: bank insolvency. The solution advanced was "banks need to raise capital" with no "here's how". The ECB stepped in, pushing forward their commitment to provide liquidity as a last resort. That created space. The only things done since have been negative: cash flowing out of countries, drying up lending markets, choking off economic activity, wrecking employment, etc.
From the upcoming Euro zone debt disco repertoire:
ECB's song, by Sam Fox and Sabrina Salerno
Inflation in both Europe and the US seems tame and a further increase in the money supply will likely not change that fact. The Fed has pumped about $2 trillion of new money into the economy and prices are still pretty stable.
Bernanke, drawing on his research, has averted what historians now see as the great culprit in bringing on the Depression -- a contraction in the money supply. So far, so very good, indeed!
Averting catastrophe has not, however, restored prosperity and after the "sugar high" of the past two (and covert third) episodes of "quantative easing," the U.S. economy is starting to appear anemic.
The near-bottom interest rates have perked up the housing market in the States, all to the good. They have also helped debtors lessen their load by refinancing, again to the good.
The American economy, though, is bogged down by problems that monetary policy can alleviate but, unless high inflation is targeted as central bank policy, cannot solve. Americans are still burdened with high personal debt (student loans are becoming a huge factor.) Wages continue to stagnate or, in manufacturing, fall in order to meet foreign competition. Finally, the current low interest rates so reduce demand from savers (primarily retirees) that they actually constitute a drag on the economy.
The American economy is slowly seeing the air go out of its tires due to 1) a legacy debt burden 2) an overdue readjustment of personal income forced by low foreign wages. Monetary policy can help with the first problem -- but stumbles with the second, structural, problem.
We probably worry too much about inflation. But, we probably don't worry enough that current trans-Atlantic economic problems are due to an irreversible shift in wealth to the Pacific. To a considerable extent in both the US and the EC, consumer income will depend on the lowest wage a laborer in Shantung Province will accept. There is something sadly autumnal about the western economies that all the printing presses in the Western Hemphishere cannot dispel.
1) banking union
2) eurobonds (scheduled as 4% of the GDP 25 years previous (to principle repayment), due every year issuable for the next 25 years).
Both would ease the pace of credit contraction on the periphery, reduce government deficits as bond yields fall, and finance new investment in export industries - just what a rebalancing requires. In other words, a more normal rate of M3 growth and less recession. Get on with it.
The United States Federal Reserve has the exact opposite problem. Here is an article that shows just how the Federal Reserve has now expanded the supply of money at nearly exponential rates since 2009:...
These actions by the Fed cannot continue without repercussion. Eventually, the Fed is going to be responsible for creating yet another asset bubble.
That asset bubble is already here - and it's gigantic.
???
Gold?
(*laughs at the idiots holding gold)
Tech stocks?
(*wonders if there's any way of cashing in on the euphoria)
Stick to productive assets, whose value is in reasonable proportion to expected productive output of said assets.
Gold? - probably later, not just yet. Look at the chart of gold/US$ over 10 years. The US$ is the "safe haven" when panic sets in - you can see the examples of gold dropping when The Apocalypse appears imminent; we're seeing it lately. The fuel for gold is QE, not fear. When the QE comes so will the gold boom. I really want to say, “it shouldn’t be long …”, but ….
Tech Stocks? - HaHa, wise guy. Z'berg et.al. showed you how to profit from tech, and it isn't by being a muppet and chasing the dream - it's by selling the dream.
Productive assets - sure, but they require some degree of economic prosperity/stability to earn to potential. Do you see that?
IMO the bubble now is in Treasuries, Bunds, Swiss currency and that kind of thing - and cash, strange as that may seem. Now you tell me - what phenomenon makes all of those assets crash at the same time?
Agreed - there is a little bubble in sovereign bonds.
But since bonds are dominated by the principle payment, the bubble isn't too big.
Even for 10 year bonds, if yields went from 2% (today) to 4% (normal levels), that would only wipe out 18% of the value. Even at a nominal 6% (if the fed were fighting soaring inflation - hardly likely), we'd only be talking about a 32% loss. For shorter term length bonds, we're talking about much smaller losses (value is dominated by principle).
If the banks are hiding massive bad debts, then this could be enough to tip them over the edge, with recapitalisations pushing up debt pushing up rates pushing up bankruptcies and finishing in Greek style collapse (with no prospect of an external bailout - only inflation and harsh fiscal contraction).
But things aren't that extreme - most banks are sufficiently capitalised to endure any (modest) rate rises that will happen in the next 3 years. And if congress forces a sharp and sustained US deficit reduction, rates might just remain subdued for another 8 years (plenty of time for banks to clean their books and build capitalisation - though not the best economic environment to achieve this).
Agreed - stability and illiquidity make it hard to invest in productive assets. I would like to see the UK build the Severn tidal barrier (which would provide 20% of UK electricity cheaply - screw the bird habitats) and a NorNed style power cable to Iceland (dirt cheap and abundant geothermal electricity for Scotland, Northern Ireland and Northumbria). Both are massive long term projects that require competent government involvement (at least in framing a regulatory regime to establish the market, grid infrastructure, planning approval and credit conditions).
I'd like to see more public education investment (sack bad teachers, recruit the best graduates). I'd like to see a modern and efficient court system (with most evidence submission, etc happening online in real time rather than in a physical room at a mutually inconvenient time after months of delay), a massive reduction in the volume of law, etc (about as sound a public investment as public investments get).
I'd like to see lower public pensions, lower public payroll (except for teaching & investment), lower military spending, lower government health spending on the elderly & nearly dead (spend more on public health, vaccinations, contraception, and on discouraging unhealthy lifestyles). Cut all food subsidies (especially for high calorie staple crops), cut all agricultural import tariffs (especially for South American fresh fruit & vegetables)...
Hell, there are so many structural changes that would contribute so much to long run GDP potential, and lay the foundations for increased private investment.
Sadly, politicians seem primarily to bicker and pass yet more laws, regulations and little programs on top of an already bloated system.
What happens to sovereign deficits if rates rise? Not much doubt about the impact, is there? The entire financial sector is probably in the same situation, but that's not quite so clear, at least to me.
Is there any other answer besides QE? Which would imply gold, yet what is gold really worth in such a scenario? The answer is either "everything" or "nothing". Take your pick.
Unfortunately politicians have to be elected, and we gave the vote to people who haven't got a clue. I don't mean "oh look at those idiots who never read the FT/economist/learnt how economies work" I mean myself included most people have nowhere near enough information to even start choosing between political parties, we just follow our instincts towards the guys who is our favorite narrator. They can't do what they think is best if people get upset. and the other parties just want to discredit the one in power.
just a one-man bitter rant :)
Most of the demand for sovereign debt, such as US treasuries, is driven by collateral needs.
I'm always amazed at how the pseudo Austrians never seem to get this. In a financed financial system, collateral is gold. The US is still the least ugliest currency in the room. That may well change, but not in the next 6 months or a year.
What happens if rates rise?
Realistically, even more dramatic fiscal contraction across the rest of the budget.
Europe (except from the UK) is already doing this. It isn't pretty.
America, Japan and the UK still have this coming - growth will be dismal. Yes, this is the case for the entire financial sector - when rates rise, the market value of bonds (banks' liquid asset) falls - and they have to suffer multi billion dollar losses when they trade in bonds. And if those losses trigger investor/ depositor flight and a bank has to start liquidating its mortgage security assets at massive write-down... It's time to run for the hills.
The Fed has room to intervene in all this - and would. The Fed would probably allow inflation to reach double digits rather than lay wreck to the financial system.
It probably won't come to all that - but another 8 years of fiscal contraction, low private investment, dismal productivity and low GDP growth seem very likely (unemployment will probably fall amidst stagnant wages and rising underemployment rates, as the labour market adjusts to low demand and years of low growth).
Disaster is unlikely, but it'll take 15 years before academics will be able to say that there was a substantial recovery (and many disaffected citizens will still insist that America never did recover).
What is gold worth? The largest source of demand isn't manufacturing or jewellery - it's hoarding. The largest source of supply isn't mining, recycling or melting down of jewellery - it's investors and central banks selling. The price of gold depends on people's net inclinations to stockpile or sell off. They will sell off when their incomes fall, when they retire, or when they expect higher "returns" on other investments. They will continue to stockpile if QE drives inflation fears and suppresses bond yields, or if they fear that their bank could bust, their currency collapse or their government default on bonds.
It's a kind of binary switch - at some time in the next 10 years, there won't be enough bad new to sustain the returns that gold bugs want. Some will start selling, returns will fall, and the flight will bring about a collapse in values as net destocking replaces the current stocking of gold bars.
It's all pretty stupid - trading in gold is like trading in virtual internet currency (yes - plenty of people do that too). It has almost no real world value (except in manufacturing and jewellery - but as said, this comprises a tiny portion of market demand, and both combined are not enough to use the output of our mines at even a quarter of the prevailing price).
Most of us feel the same, I'm guessing. We have to try, though.
I've made my peace with just cussing.
Rather than argue to no end with you, I suggest you spend a few minutes researching what has actually been happening to M1, M2 and what we can estimate for M3. You would then learn something.
<|endofexample|>
>>:
Lately, here, in the United States, a number of prominent conservatives and lobbyists have sought to maintain that the 2nd Amendment to the US Constitution was intended by the Founding Fathers to empower the average man to maintain a private cache of weapons, so as to preserve himself against the tyranny of the State !!
Amazing as such claptrap sounds, they insist that this is what their "2nd Amendment Right" consists of and, so, they abjure anything that might interfere with their private ownership of whatever weapon strikes their fancy.
I have to say that these people advocating this perverted interpretation of the US 2nd Amendment are certainly "fringe" elements of our society, that they have it entirely backwards, and that they are, themselves, the kind of dangerously psychopathic people who should and would fail any licensure test, if we had a proper licensure test, for the privilege of owning and operating firearms.
These people, like the former senate candidate, Sharon Engle, of Nevada, completely misunderstand the 2nd Amendment. That constitutional provision empowers the States, by and through the fact that their citizens may own firearms, to raise "militias" in defense of the States and of the Nation. But the 2nd Amendment does NOT empower private citizens to harbor weapons for the purpose of attacking the government at any level, nor for protecting themselves from having to submit to the enforcement of the law.
Those paranoid personalities and other psychopaths who believe otherwise shall surely go the way of Timothy McVeigh. But their vocal opposition is no reason at all to avoid repealing and replacing the 2nd Amendment with a public policy and a regime much more appropriate to the 21st century than the late 18th century.
While I agree with your analysis, I do not agree with your conclusion in the final paragraph. The second amendment cannot be repealed as a practical matter, and any attempt to do so would merely be a huge fight for nothing. What can be done far more easily is to pass legislation to regulate or eliminate certain types of firearms in the civilian sector. The second amendment does not prohibit this, as restrictions have long been permitted by the courts on certain weapons.
What appears impractical to the point of an impossibility, today, will not seem so in due time, as long as we maintain our determination. See, fight against slavery, for women's rights, for LGBT rights, for disabled persons' rights, etc., etc.
The idea of a "right" to own weapons in an modern society is just crazy. Only in America, today, is this craziness still in evidence. This, too, will pass.
Unfortunately for those who wish to see a repeal of the Second Amendment, advocating for such a course of action is an absolute non-starter. The thing is so deeply ingrained in the American psyche that you might just as effectively be calling for the abolition of religion.
In order to effect massive cultural change, smaller steps must be taken, realpolitik practiced, and compromises arrived at. Abolitionism was preceded by slave codes, the legalization of homosexual marriage by the decriminalization of homosexual acts, etc. Please consider supporting the "responsible gun owners" who crop up everywhere to oppose suggestions of bans and repeal; I think that even those who hate gun culture can agree with them that a responsible, restrained gun culture would be a vast improvement on the mess that exists now.
.
I see your point, but the consequences of repeal would be disastrous. Even if the libertarian faction were to accept a forfeiture of firearms*, the problem of many millions of illegal guns would become much worse than it is now; Brazil is the model for such a scenario, and it's not a good situation down there at all.
As with the war on drugs, the continuing criminalization of prostitution, and the example of Prohibition, a "war on guns" would, in the current historical scenario, be extraordinarily costly and disastrously divisive, and may ultimately cause more harm than good. Effective regulation of hazards that aren't universal evils (and no, Virginia, much as we might personally dislike them, they are not a universal evil) is what free and civilized countries do. I don't believe that incremental change need ultimately be toothless. To the contrary, I believe that strong, meaningful measures are possible (if not terribly likely), but not without a lot of give and take on both sides.
*which is flat-out not going to happen. A more likely scenario: the survivalist/militia fantasy of rising up in armed rebellion against a "tyrannical" government would be realized; there would virtually be a second civil war.
The general population has always relied on "the fringe" to defend their personal liberties. As George Orwell pointed out, people sleep peacefully in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.
On the contrary. We don't rely on the "fringe" but on the STATE. The "fringe" are precisely those callous psychopaths who love guns, hate gays, and wish to preserve a "right" to do battle with the government, so that they won't have to submit themselves to the greater authority of the community, as a whole.
Orwell was talking from the point of view of someone fighting totalitarianism. We democrats believe that the authority of the State derives ultimately from the consent of the governed. When the governed irrecovably deny any government their consent (cf., Syria, today), the regime falls.
Orwell's vision of an infinitely massive, pervasive, all-encompassing and insurmountable State is completely unrealistic, as it envisions that the State can govern without the consent of the governed.
Not everything is relative !
Actually, the consequences of repeal would be very salutary and equally straight-forward: For no one is suggesting that private gun ownership be completely eliminated.
Rather, we're saying that gun ownership should not be considered a right of citizenship, but a privilege for which one must apply and demonstrate merit.
In order to make this change of policy effective, it will be necessary to phase it in over a period of time, to educate the people about the new regime, and the begin requiring everyone who has guns today to come forward with them and to demonstrate that they meet the necessary criteria. Considerable peer pressure can be placed through community organizations, churches and the like to encourage people to abide by the new regime.
With time, the number of guns in circulation will be reduced through normal attrition, and criminals and lunatics will see their guns eliminated. Anyone found carrying or harboring a gun without a proper license would lose that weapon plus face a stiff fine, at a minimum, plus/minus jail time at the discretion of a judge.
In time, the new regime would encourage people not to think of purchasing weapons, as doing so would expose them to significant difficulty and possible liability. The 50% of murders caused by family members on each other, their friends and neighbors with handguns, etc., would begin to diminish, and the public would feel encouraged about the new regime.
Of course, there would still be criminals seeking guns, but the likelihood that they would find one would be greatly diminished and the killing effectiveness of those they found along with it. The article makes this point about the experience in the UK quite effectively. Brazil continues to be a largely unregulated, third world nation with a comparatively weak state and a very large and open border with other nations. You cannot compare OECD nations with Brazil.
I think a lot of the gun control controversy boils down to what the economists call the 'fallacy of composition'. The idea is, what might make sense for an individual to do, doesn't work when everybody does it. A simple example is, you're in a crowd watching a parade. You can't see, so you stand on your tiptoes. That's fine as long as you're the only one doing it, but if everyone else around also stands tiptoe, then you and they are worse off because you can see no better than before, and to have to stand that way is uncomfortable and tiring. In the same way, it might make sense for an individual to own a gun (though even that is doubtful), but if everyone owns one, he and they are actually less safe, because a certain proportion of the population is irresponsible, impulsive, criminal or crazy. Even if that proportion is tiny, guns amplify their power of dealing death so much that it puts everyone at risk.
That's why, when the criminals own guns, it's important for all people to own guns to reduce the power of criminals. It may be more tiring, but at least the playing field is level. Unfortunately, it's naive to think that we can somehow remove all the guns from circulation. Any attempt to try will only succeed in removing them from the hands of law-abiding citizens. The criminals will not let them go.
While your sentiments obviously have an appealing logic of their own, their are only that: Your sentiments.
The reality is quite the opposite. In every society where gun ownership is tightly controlled by the State, murder and other forms of violence are far less in evidence and criminality overall much reduced in comparison with the situation in the West, especially in America, where guns are every day, everyone can also be a "gun-slinger", and murder is still a significant problem.
Time to wake up and smell the coffee !
How do other nations manage it, then? How is it Britain and Australia aren't being overrun by criminals with guns, in spite of having strong gun controls?
You're basically counseling despair. You're saying that guns are so widespread in our society that the only solution is more guns. But the more widespread guns are, the more guns will make their way into the hands of the irresponsible, impulsive, criminal or crazy, and guns favor the offense.
Although I have most often sided with NdiliMfumu's positions on subjects, I have to take your side here. What (S)he espouses is a desirable but utopian goal that I can see little hope of achieving in a reasonable amount of time.
On the other hand, his opponents generally are those buying into the false portrayal of the American "Wild West." They refuse to see, much less understand, the "socialistic" aspects of joint action, and to overestimate the effect of the "lone gunslinger/sheriff."
The gun is not an "equalizer" if it pits a good person with poor vision and hand eye coordination against a well trained or coordinated criminal or crazy gunman. They view cooperation as bad because they refuse to acknowledge the American institutions of barn raising, welcome wagon, quilting be and other [to them socialist/communist] community actions that were the true backbone of American development.
The roots of Americas problems appears to be lack of accurate historical knowledge and poor critical thinking skills. The right-wing GOP is still intent on further subverting education by substituting Bible for science and history, mythology for health care, and voodoo [thank you GHW Bush] for economics.
Where you and NdiliMfumu fail is in assuming that what ails America is a fairly simple and easily overcome problem. The false history and the mythology of America has been inculcated for more than a century and there is still a large and well funded opposition to exposing the truth and fixing the problem.
I wish it were otherwise.
So yes, small incremental steps with lots of education are going to be required. The present dire economic situation, largely the creation of the GOP, could lead to a second great depression.
If that happens, we may just, if fortunate, find it leading to a second Democrat New Deal and banishment of the FOX/GOP/TEA Party from government for at least a generation. If we are really, really lucky, FOX will sink like the Titanic and take the TEA Party Faction in the undertow!
Did outlawing drugs in America prevent their use? Or send money to the cartels in South America who supply the black market?
I can't remember the name of a single individual who died in the Oklahoma city bombing, but I can still see Timothy McVeigh's mugshot. Why do we glorify the criminals (see the jaw-dropping number of copycat crimes that occur in the wake of a shooting) and marginalize the victims? A change in that media paradigm would do more than any ban on gun ownership.
Who glorifies these shooters? Maybe some shooting freaks.
Are you trying to quash the First Amendment in order to facilitate the false interpretation of the Second Amendment?.
You continue to confuse fame for infamy, and really in a most sentimentalist manner. The victims of terrorism and other abuse are remembered by us all through the moniker given to the place and/or the date on which they suffered, e.g., 9/11. But attempting to remember or to focus on the victims individually by name is a hopeless exercise in mnemonics.
We remember the perpetrators much more easily than the victims by name, precisely because there is (typically) only one such principal perpetrator, no matter how many victims there are. Even with respect to 9/11, we remember Osama's name but have already forgetten the names of the 19 terrorists who committed the crime.
Our ready recollection of the names of egregious criminals does NOT constitute or result from "glorification" of those criminals but, rather, from the shock and the infamy of their crimes. This is what you're confusing.
The media has to sell its wares (copy, internet clicks, etc.), or else it will not survive. This is only natural. Again, something you don't understand.
If some proto-terrorist somewhere feels excited by seeing the name of Al-Qaeda in print and feels proud of what that organization accomplished in its heyday, he will doubtlessly also feel dismay and discouraged by the fact of Osama's death and the continuing dismembering of Al Qaeda's hierarchy in Pakistan and elsewhere.
Merely publicizing these facts cannot be deemed to be "glorifying" them. It's much more important that we continue to have a vibrant and free press than that we take any steps at all to limit how they might characterize events, so as to suit some particular political objective or other. If you don't agree, I suggest that you move to Syria, Iran or China, where the press is decidedly more limited than in the US.
The gun ownership has been glorified and their benefits to society and personal security much exaggerated. To some extent gun ownership has been unconsciously entangled with American exceptionalism and maybe that's why it's so hard to convince American people to give it up. When thing touches your pride, real or perceived, people normally go to great length to protect it, rationally or irrationally.
The recent horrifying catastrophe that occurred in Connecticut should oblige us to take a deeper look at the values of the society we live in at large, and what sort of people emerge from it consequently. Or perhaps this will be like every other tragedy that takes place; a temporary buzz is created by mass media that soon fades as we continually trudge down the same blind-folded competitive, individualistic, dog-eat-dog paradigm that we live in that inevitably leads to more events like such..
If we felt those children as a part of ourselves, as members of our family, for example- we wouldn't be able to forget about it. It would haunt us continually, and force us to research the root of this illness that has spread into our consciousness and allows us to perceive such events as a random "hiccup" of our society, and not as a complete value-system disorder.
Acts of insane violence have always been with us. To turn the insanity of a single person into a wholesale murder tragedy it needs advanced assault weaponry (One-Man-WMDs): semiautomatic guns in combination with high velocity rounds and large-capacity magazines. Only this creates the 'efficiency' to allow large death tolls of a scale as seen now.
Support a renewal of the -2004 lifted- assault weapon ban. Assault weapons aren't covered by the Second Amendment..
J_Mac08: "(It's erroneous to think) that the causal issue of such events is the availability of guns and not the seriously distorted psychological conditions and values we allow to run rampant thought our media outlets, public schools, and society in general. Guns are the means to the end of an action ...".
This might be so.
Much was written about the 'ideal society' with the 'ideal' people.'.
This said, I think that the Sandy Hook shooting-massacre is part of a very apparent gun-law problem in our country, whereby a mother can train her (then under-aged) son in the use of semi-automatic assault weapons, while being fully aware that he sufferers from 'social awkwardness' characterized by significant difficulties in social adaptation and interaction. "Adam Lanza has been a weird kid since we were five years old," a former classmate of his wrote on Twitter.
Nancy Lanza taught her son how to shoot and shared with him freely her gun collection that he would eventually use to devastating effect.
Nancy Lanza was not an 'angel' within the meaning of your 'ideal' social requirement. She is rather described as what 'insiders' call a "survivalist" - or a "gun-freak" as ordinary Americans termed this 'addiction'.
Nancy Lanza is believed to have owned at least five firearms, including the powerful semiautomatic Bushmaster .223 rifle, used by her son Adam in his attack on children from the kindergarten at Sandy Hook. He also carried two semi-automatic handguns.
Not living in the wilderness with bears and cougars to protect against, this is a lot of assault guns for a single woman ... who isn't accidentally a Chicago gangster boss.
Thus, Nancy Lanza and her sociopathic son were maybe "addicts" in the sense used in your post, but these two "gun-addicted" people, mother and son, could only act as they did because her social environment "thought nothing of it".
Instead, Nancy Lanza was a registered Republican (supposedly a NRA member) and her equally gun-fanatic acquaintances presumably recited the "Second Amendment" five times a day as a quasi-alibi for the fast approaching 'insane' doings of the partially home-schooled Adam Lanza . . . very similar to certain fanatic religious believers who perform Salah Prayers five times a day . . . before going out to mass-kill in a fanatically pursued act of suicide bombing.
la.výritý: '."
Where do you think those evil, murderer qualities come from? Is it a matter of sheer genetic luck; programed into our nature and can't be altered by the environment our society creates for itself? (who's in charge of mass media, public school systems, etc.? Do you think they're really concerned about developing a "whole human being" through the individualistic content and examples of war-fare and hatred towards the fellow man that they provide for us continually?) It makes sense why this thought pattern would be pushed- as it wouldn't obligate us to take a serious look at the values that are ruling and molding our society to this day.
The idea that our behavior as human beings is naturally "evil" or "predetermined by our genes" is a complete scientific fallacy. It's impossible to discuss our genetic/behavioral expressions outside of the context of the environment those genes are molded and shaped from. If baby's eyes aren't give the appropriate conditions for optic development (if they are left in darkness for the first year of their life), their neural components of vision would atrophy and the baby would remain blind forever.
The same example can be applied to the conditions/environment we need to provide our children and society with in order for us to have a "whole" human society that doesn't consume and destroy itself. The fact that we dispose of 1/3 of the food we produce here in the U.S while approx. 3 billion people are dying of starvation and preventable disease in the world is just an expression of what kind of paradigm our "free market society" has created for us.
Revelations such as the Sandy Hook tragedy and many others happening all over the world today should once again, oblige us to re-evaluate the values that surround and influence us constantly. It's time for us as a society to feel the responsibility of such tragic events, and rapidly start building new values for ourselves- at least to demand and expect them.
We can't depend on the current governance of our political/economic systems for any public discourse or change for us as a society. We have to build it from the grass-roots up, and more and more people are starting become aware of the ground workings of the mass media and the current education system- of what their intentions and incentives are of operation.
Connection and Mutual Concern are the values that are needed for us to thrive as a society. It's also the same values we see see in Nature- through the various interconnected and interdependent functioning systems we see on all levels of life in the world... except in us humans.. It's up to us to demand, create, and push such values through our own public discourse as a society that is fed up with cancerous values that are the root source of all the troubles we see around us today..
True. And what are the conditions that create derailed individuals with sociopathic personalities? Shouldn't that be more of an issue than banning one of the means by which they murdered tens of children? We can't solve the root of a problem by putting a band-aid on one of the symptoms, we need to dig deeper into the causal factors of such mindsets and behavior- and that's the value system that permeates our society. I hope that through such conversations as this we can come to a mutual understanding and feeling of what's most important for us as a species in general- and not to continue with methods and legislative adjustments we've tried in the past that have had no affect on the state of our humility and humanity towards each other as a species..
Guns don't kill people, they just make it easier for people to kill people..
I completely agree. Repeal and replace the 2nd Amendment with a fully modern regime of gun regulation.
The second amendment intended that civilians have weaponry equal in force to that of military personnel. The right to have a musket, instead of a sword, was to ensure a level playing field against all enemies, both foreign and domestic.
In this vein, the current situation is in line with the intentions of the Second Amendment and requires no corrections.
I don't under stand what you mean. Are you, indeed, saying that today American civilians must have "weaponry equal in force to that of the US military", like missile-carrying drones and submarines equipped with ballistic rockets loaded with nuke heads?
Yes, he and the NRA extremists mean just that. In my experience they will never admit to any limitation on armaments available to "the citizens" however justifiable. They always use the "opening wedge or slippery slope" argument.
They fantasize that the legions of the NRA could actually defeat the US army, Marine Corps, Air Force and Navy [each of whose 10 attack groups has power equal to the total French military power].
We are a nation of over 350 million with the rights to do a lot of things unrestricted, or where there are restrictions in place, we know there often isn't sufficient enforcement and continue as we see fit anyways. I believe this inflates a lot of the stats about accidents, crimes and so forth in comparison to other countries. Nonetheless, these horrific crimes demand a response. However, what will it take to guarantee this does not happen again?
I look at the TSA and their tactics. The terrorists have used the elderly and children before. So any flying now done within the US requires removal of shoes, body and bag scan, possibility of interrogation separated from your family (kids too), testing of baby bottles for bomb residue, strict restrictions on liquids carried. Ok, but that is just flying. Does there not exist countless other opportunities for terrorists to attack? If that is the level of security required to protect us, we then need to dramatically roll out that standard across the nation to all our vulnerable areas.
I look at domestic abuse and rape. I believe the data and the horrendous nature of those crimes demands a response, but what restrictions can you put in place to prevent those crimes from happening?
There is room to tighten gun control. No one should be demanding gun rights right now, and if guns aren't the problem, the ball is in the gun owners' court to willingly cooperate with greater restrictions to ensure that guns don't fall into the wrong hands and to provide people with a greater sense of security. Any increase in restrictions will be meaningless without the appropriate increase in enforcement, and the decision makers must look at the data to determine the effectiveness of whatever restrictions are on the table. I believe that dramatic increases in any restrictions will only yield small increases in our "perception" of security and safety.
The answer to the conundrum that baffles you is to change our culture of lusting after guns, first, and then to change our laws which make gun-ownership into a right of citizenship, instead of what it should be, a privilege merited by a showing of physical and mental good health and competence in owning and operating a firearm.
In almost all other countries in the world, there is no "constitutional right" to own a gun. In fact, in most places, it's entirely illegal to own firearms under any circumstances. We need to get to that same place, here, in the USA.
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, should not become unhinged.
OK, so let's regulate the militia.
Let's make sure that anyone who owns a powerful gun understands how to use it properly. And is psychlogically fit to own one.
I think people need to be honest with themselves. The media as well as many of the posters here are quoting nationwide violence, gun death and homicide statistics. The reason why we are all posting here isn’t because 10,000 people were killed last year, the vast majority of which were street crime and drug related, it is because 27 people, 20 of them children, were killed randomly by a madman. The motivations of a madman are not the same as those of a street criminal or a drunken spouse so the remedy for each should be different as well. Restricting ownership/access or implementing a prohibition entirely oversimplifies the possible solutions and ignores the separate underlying problems which ultimately lead to violence.
What's wrong with doing both?? Why not make gun-ownership a privilege, rather than a right of citizenship? AND do everything necessary and reasonable to ensure that the mentally ill are found, registered with a mental health provider and well-treated?? AND do everything to countermand the disgusting perversity of American's obsession with virtualied gun violence, otherwise known as "action flicks"??
Why not?
It's quite simple, Gnostic Liberal, sociopaths have always been with us, as arsonists and as murderers. But only in combination with semi-automatic guns and extended high volume magazines, these sociopaths are able to turn into walk-in mass murderers 'out of convenience'.
As a gun owner, I support President Obama’s call for a change in how we regulate guns, and our societies’ relationship with guns. Second Amendment Right proponents who will not work to prevent this type of act have no ground to stand on. NONE.
The victims of the Newton, Connecticut tragedy, and many others like it, have been permanently denied their life and all rights. Their families and communities devastated. Any argument that it is the gunman, not the gun that is at fault is totally vapid and irrational.
Perhaps a place to start this change is to simply outlaw, without loopholes, the sale and possession, of assault weapons. Then confiscate, and destroy all assault weapons in private position. This would include all automatic weapons and semi-automatic side-arms. Ammunition clips holding more than 4 rounds would be subject to the same. This would not prevent this type of tragedy, but would help prevent its magnitude.
As for all with a survivalist bent, if you can’t make it with your revolver and four-round hunting clip, you will not make it in any case.
Bottom line: my right to keep and bear arms is just not worth this type of tragedy.
Michael Bain
Glorieta, New Mexico
I fully agree -:)
Our hearts are truly broken.To imagine such carnage is awful enough. A balance must be struck between gun right and peoples' safety. Now is the time to act, otherwise there will more of this heartrending occurrences as derangement seems to be in the increase.
American citizens have offered prayers after the massacre of innocent school children. Are prayers good enough to deal with the basic malady? It has been reported that over 10,000 people have been killed in USA during this year and this statistics speaks for itself. One feels so much for the near and dear one of those killed, particularly the children. This however, may not be the last of such shootings. Issues involved here are essentially social and are also about frustration among people. They are quite complex and only one of them is easy availability of guns. Why should the killer kill his mother? Is it that an individual’s anger against the society or the government or against no one in particular cannot be expressed except by using a gun and taking lives of innocent people? But more important question is why do people think that they can solve their problems, whatever they may be, by resorting to violence?
American citizens themselves have to seriously ponder whether the guns are really required by them for self- protection.
Sociopaths have always been with us, as arsonists and as murderers. But only in combination with semi-automatic guns and extended high volume magazines, these sociopaths are able to turn into walk-in mass murderers 'out of convenience'.
"
How funny and realistic you are with your examples, dude! I've no words to express myself now! Using chaotic societies to legitimate the right of a disturbed killer to buy (and use) Sig Sauers, Glocks and Bushmasters! Let's hear the kids laughing on your "sarcasm"!
... (one eternity of silence) ...
;)
The Nazis turned an armed 'militia', the infamous Nazi-SA, against the state and the people and, thus, managed to subdue the rest of the society. This speaks rather against gun-ownership of private militias gun associations.
My deepest condolences go to the people affected by this tragic incidence.
Hope that there are sufficient loves to overcome such violence.
I don't understand why people are upset. We (the US) are a gun culture. Just last week a federal court ruled in Chicago that a law passed by a duly elected government was not valid in the face of people who want to carry deadly force into public spaces. It is our most sacred right, above life, liberty, etc. That right comes with a price. So embrace your culture and accept that public gun fights are what our Constitution is about.
Either that, or we've reached the point where all interpretations of the Second Amendment have been reduced to the absurd, and that gun control is no longer a legal issue. It can only be served by repealing the Second Amendment. I don't like this option, but the gun advocates seem to want to make it the only option.
"The less weapons in a society, the hardest it is to get a weapon, the stiffer the sentences for weapon possession... the less innocent people will die"
Patently untrue.
The rifle looks like this? Is that a serious argument? Firearms don't frighten people to death. The only things that matter are caliber, cartridge, rate of fire, and magazine capacity. Perpetuating the populist idiocy that dangerousness is something that can readily be perceived is the kind of thing I'd expect from the headline writers of the New York Daily News, not The Economist. What will we have next from you, a Scary Looking Weapons Ban Bill?
There is a correlation. The weapon in question is typical of assault weapons. It shoots relatively small bullets at high velocity, the cartridges are loaded in clips (those used by the shooter held 30 rounds) which can be changed quickly, it is semiautomatic fire, which can fire rounds in quick succession. The shooter had hundreds of rounds with him, and could have killed many more had police not arrived promptly.
Nothing about the appearance of the weapon affects caliber, cartridge, rate of fire, and magazine capacity, which is what I said mattered. Basing arguments or laws on appearance is like replacing the plastic in a toaster with wood and thinking it makes healthier toast.
I think you missed Handworn's argument. For example An old wooden stock M1 garand could be considered only "slightly less lethal" because it has a smaller clip capacity but in reality it is just as effective as the weapon used by the shooter. The Bushmaster, an M4 variant, looks like something from an action movie and easily frightens those less informed and who support such "scary weapon" legislation.
Laws that have or are proposed to regulate assault weapons are not based on appearance.
They are based on appearance to the extent that they're not based on making the gun more deadly. To quote from the Wikipedia article on the Assault Weapons Ban that expired in '04, an assault weapon is defined as one of a number of specific semiautomatic rifles and:
."
Exactly two of these have anything to do with making the gun more deadly: magazine capacity and detachable magazines. Grenade launchers are ridiculous; rifle grenades are impossible to get and not used in shootings. Folding stock, because it might take care of concealable rifles? Oh, well, I guess that takes care of the 90% of gun homicides that take place with pistols, even more concealable. Barrel shroud? That's something to put on machine guns to keep them handleable when the barrel overheats, and machine guns, having been highly restricted since 1934, aren't covered by the ban. The only possible reason to include the features apart from the magazine-related ones I mentioned is that they make the gun scary-looking. Which is truly stupid.
Why worry about the appearance? I think the appearance tell us a lot about the person buying it, and their intent. I'm no expert, but I'd expect an M1 (or equivalent)to be of more interest to a gun enthusiast than a Bushmaster. It's a larger calibre, so more stopping power for the hunter, and longer barrelled, so presumably more accurate. So why did Adam and/or his mother by an M4/AR15 alike ? Why spend $1000 odd on this weapon, instead of $700 odd on an M1 alike ? It's lighter and shorter, easier to conceal, can be waved around with one hand, and it LOOKS SCARY. The very fact that anyone would want one of these, to my mind, should disqualify them owning any firearm at all.
I horror at the thought, but a properly motivated person with a knife could have killed just as many children at that school.
Most people posting here are Anti-Gun Owner and the same with the Economist. If bad guys really want to get guns to do harm to innocent people there is nothing you can do to stop that. They can just go buy it from the black market or steal them and do their thing. Look at the Mexican drug cartel in the US for an example. If you remove all guns from responsible citizen and the bad guys will have the upper hands and do anything they want. The problem we had here was a mental guy kills his mother and uses her guns to kills innocent kids. She even knew that her son had a problem and she quit her job to watch over him. She should have sent him to a mental health facility. If there were a security officer at the school that day we would not loose any lives. Budget cuts??? America needs to stop giving away free money to other countries, bombing other countries and use that money for the safety, health care and education for their own people
You are correct, where there is a will there is a way so those determined to have a gun, no matter how strict the laws, will find a way. But this is not about making it impossible to get guns, or to eliminate these cases, it’s about being realistic and doing practical things that will reduce cases like this. Your argument is akin to saying we can't stop car accidents, so why bother with seatbelts and airbags! I don't want to take your hunting rifle, and if a warm gun makes you sleep better, then a sane licensing system nationwide should allow you a hand gun for personal protection. But please explain why you or any private citizen needs a semi-automatic assault weapon, or clips that hold 30 rounds or more. Do you think bambi is going to fight back?
Gun doesn’t go around killing people. It’s a mentally ills person that use it to kills people. That was the main problem. His mother was blind to see and think her son is safe and she should have never trained him to use guns. He should have been in a mental institution. It doesn't matter how many rounds a clip can hold in a gun, or a knife to stab children in China, or a guy strapping himself with bomb in the Middle East. Its craziness in a person you can't prevent. Of course Bambi is not going to fight back and it was very sad that it had happen. That was either a dumb question or a complete troll.
The Bambi comment was facetious so I apologize, however I'm still no clearer on why a huntsman or any other private citizen would need an assault weapon or a clip containing 30 or more rounds. Yes people do the killing, and it’s clear this individual had mental issues; however you take the guns out of the equation how much damage could he have done? The case in China used a knife, which would not have allowed the individual in Newtown to even gain access the school as you can't shoot off a lock with a kitchen knife. To be perfectly frank I just don't understand why those who defend the 2nd amendment are so opposed to legitimate gun control. Simple straight forward licensing would not impede your right to hunt, but might limit some of who you call the "crazies" getting their hands on lethal weapons. What is so wrong with that?
There is nothing wrong with it except that gun owners resist having any responsibility go with their 'freedom'.
Mass shootings by wackos, like plane crashes, are rare in a nation of 300 million plus. Like plane crashes, its horrifying because so many die at once. But your chances of dying in a mass shooting are very very very very very small.
Once again, the focus is taken away from our nation's real tragedy. Gang violence. That is where youth are dying in appalling numbers every day. The focus should be on understanding and attempting to change the culture of inner cities.
Mass shootings tend to occur in rich, white, liberal neighborhoods by the spawn of rich, white liberals. Introspection by those people should be encouraged to understand why. But don't hold your breath. They will blame others for their problems..
<|endofexample|>
OUR correspondents on how a film about a friendship between a physically handicapped aristocrat and an unemployed immigrant has become a box-office hit
OUR correspondents on how a film about a friendship between a physically handicapped aristocrat and an unemployed immigrant has become a box-office hit:
"Someone said the humor is actually subtle and a bit british and not typically french"... I am not sure what the journalist is trying to say - is it that French humor is loosy and gross, or something like this???
lemme guess "physically handicapped aristocrat" is milky white ginger female who is mute and deaf and unemployed immigrant is an Algerian arab youngster?
This review is almost as funny as the film (which is indeed very good) ;) TE's journalist should get out more though. While the film is indeed based in large part on the opposition between the swankiest part of Paris and the worst banlieues, anybody who knows Paris and its suburbs know that those are only the two extremes, not two sharply divided worlds somehow separated by the périphérique ring road. There are immigrant neighbourhoods inside it, for example around Belleville or Gare du Nord (that are lively and pleasant, not grim like the banlieues in the film), very posh districts outside it (see Neuilly, Sarkozy's old place) and mainly plenty of mixed areas all around, neither populated only by rich aristocrats or by poor immigrants. And BTW, I'm a Parisian who works in the suburbs, so I cross that uncrossable périphérique twice a day. And judging by how packed the trains are every morning I'm not a special case...
Anyway, excellent film, very funny and well-acted, but it clearly plays on contrasts, not on nuance. It's like looking at New York as if the only two areas in it were the South Bronx and Upper Manhattan.
IE only I'm afraid
I miss very much the old voice, the one said to be "accented".
A film to watch. Some say they watch a film to forget about reality for 2 hours. Well, if that is true, this is the sort of film I'd like to watch. But then I do not believe in real life such stories are found only in films.
"This content is currently unavailable in Internet Explorer. Please view it in Firefox or Chrome instead."
The times they are a-changin'.
<|endofexample|>
Hong Kong and Macau
No politics, please
Macau sails through a test Hong Kong flunked in 2003
MANY.
Politics, however, seems the bigger issue. Mr Chan suspects that Macau blacklisted him for his role in a group in Hong Kong that in 2003 lobbied against a national-security law, which the government in Beijing wanted Hong Kong to adopt. Many thought the sweeping but vague language banning sedition in the so-called “Article 23” legislation a threat to Hong Kong's open society. Huge street protests forced the government to shelve it indefinitely. But just two days before Mr Chan's trip, Macau passed its own version of the law, without a peep from its less-politicised public.
Pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong fear Macau's tighter border controls reflect the new post-Article 23 reality. Worse, they see a glimpse of Hong Kong's repressive future, should the government make a renewed push to pass the legislation and succeed. China's role in the brouhaha, if any, is unclear. It no doubt considers Macau an obedient child. But if its zeal to please its parent antagonises its bigger sibling, even China may be unhappy. For now, people of all political leanings are urging Macau and Hong Kong to patch things up on their own.
From the print edition: Asia
<|endofexample|>
Chinese condoms
Reds in the bed
A Chinese start-up with XL ambitions
WHEN choosing a product once called “an armour against pleasure, and a cobweb against infection”, people tend to go for trusted brands. That is why well-known condoms such as Durex and America's Trojan have such huge market shares. And it is why Safedom, a start-up condom-maker from Beijing, met such scepticism when it visited Europe to look for a partner. How could the Chinese firm overcome doubts that its products were reliably up to the job?
Its answer is a demonstration, witnessed by your correspondent. Dangled in a solution containing a virus, Safedom's condoms kept the dangerous liquid out. Condoms from prominent Western brands appeared to let in a small quantity. After performing the test in meetings, says a Safedom executive, “the atmosphere changed completely”.
Even with its claim to produce the first entirely virus-proof condom—yet to be verified by international bodies—Safedom reckons it needs a European brand for success outside China. Joining a list of Chinese companies recently striking deals in Europe, it will shortly announce a partnership with a European firm.
Safedom then aims to take on Durex and other giants in Europe and elsewhere. Founded in 2006, it has grown rapidly at home. It expects to sell 1 billion condoms in China this year, giving it about 8% of the domestic market. Most Chinese used to take free condoms from the government. Now, those who can afford to buy their own. When in a party mood, who trusts the Party?
Brian Fu, Safedom's boss, praises European brand expertise and business management, but has his own clever strategy to raise sales: targeting women. Four-fifths of customers for Safedom's condoms in China are women, whereas in most big markets, including China, only an estimated 40-50% of condom-buyers are female.
Durex, Trojan and Australia's Ansell offer chiefly condom brands that appeal to men, with names such as “Performa”, “Magnum”, and “Jissbon”, whose name in Chinese means “James Bond”. Safedom, by contrast, sells “Elegant Winter” condoms under brands such as “Beautiful Girl” and “Green Lemon” in oval-shaped, paisley-patterned tins. Its marketing emphasises female health benefits. Whether or not Safedom goes all the way in Europe and other markets will, as usual, depend on the women.
From the print edition: Business
Readers' comments
Reader comments are listed below. Comments are currently closed and new comments are no longer being accepted.
Sort:
<|endofexample|>
Universal banking
Together, forever?
The enduring marriage of investment and commercial banking
OPPOSITES no longer seem as attractive. Universal banks combine the complexities of investment banking with simpler commercial-banking services for individuals and companies. Their proponents argue that the model offers the benefits of diversification, and enables banks to offer a full range of services to their clients. But even their backers are now having second thoughts. Sandy Weill, the man behind the mergers that created Citigroup, the archetypal universal-banking giant, surprised pundits last month by saying that megabanks should be broken up.
In doing so he joined a sizeable list of ex-bankers who seem to have experienced remarkable changes of mind once they have retired, options and bonuses doubtless vested. The converts include two former chairmen of Citigroup (John Reed and Richard Parsons) and David Komansky, a former chief executive of Merrill Lynch.
Their sheer size is not the only thing that makes people fret about universal banks. Many regulators and politicians see scandals such as the LIBOR rate-fixing allegations as evidence that staid commercial banks have been “contaminated” by the culture of the investment banks joined to them. The volatility of wholesale markets—think of the recent losses sustained on credit-derivative positions by JPMorgan Chase—also unnerves people.
Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, said in June that he saw “real merit in pursuing the separation of this utility-type banking from investment banking”. There are calls in America for the resurrection of the Glass-Steagall act, a Depression-era law that split investment and commercial banking. BaFin, Germany’s national watchdog and Deutsche Bank’s home regulator, is reportedly examining the case for segregating the two types of business as well.
Some investors and analysts have also begun arguing the case for breaking up big banks. “You can slice and dice [the numbers] in many ways, but all conclusions mean these companies are worth more dead than alive,” says Mike Mayo, an analyst at CLSA, a broker. “It doesn’t necessarily mean you should kill them off but you should liquidate some bits.” Barclays and Deutsche Bank, for instance, are valued by the market at 30-40% of their book values. JPMorgan Chase trades at a narrower-but-still big discount of about 25%.
Not so fast. A very few universal banks have investment-banking arms with enough scale to stand on their own. But stand-alone investment banks face an even wobblier future than their universal-banking cousins. In the five years since the start of the crisis, the investment-banking arms of large international commercial banks have won a dominant share of key markets such as bonds, currencies and commodities (see chart). That is partly because the number of pure wholesale banks has gone down, but also because they face higher borrowing costs. That discrepancy is likely to widen after recent credit-rating downgrades hit Morgan Stanley, one of the last remaining investment banks, particularly hard.
And even if regulators and shareholders were to agree on a separation of the two sorts of banking, it is hard to unscramble the eggs that have gone into making them. Most universal banks with subscale investment-banking arms will neither find buyers (given the current slump in earnings) nor will they be able to wind down these businesses without incurring big losses.
Part of the problem is that investment banks may have entered contracts such as swaps or other derivatives that produce risks to the bank that can last 20 years or more. These positions are not easily sold, so their creators are forced to maintain teams of skilled traders and mathematicians to keep hedging, or managing, the risks to the bank.
Yet when a bank is winding down its business, it finds it harder to attract and retain people with the right skills. Labour costs soar, since banks must compensate people for the fact that they are working themselves out of their jobs.
The former finance director of a large universal bank says that when his institution looked at winding down its investment bank it “couldn’t find a glide path” that didn’t result in hefty losses. Instead it decided to keep pumping money into its investment-banking business in the hope that it would eventually grow big enough to compete.
Such problems suggest regulators ought to look for more subtle interventions than simply carving banks up. One example might be the “ring fence” approach proposed by an independent commission in Britain, in which banks would have to stump up enough capital and liquidity to support each business but not be forced to choose between them.
Another approach might be for regulators to specify how big investment banks can be compared with commercial banks. A senior investment banker suggests regulators and banks look to biology to judge the relative sizes of the businesses. “You have to say what is the host organism to which the investment bank is attached,” says the banker. “If you can keep the parasite in the right proportion to the host you can have a symbiotic relationship.”
From the print edition: Finance and economics
<|endofexample|>
The Democrats and the fiscal cliff Not much on the table The president is offering little incentive for the Republicans to compromise in talks on America’s “fiscal cliff” See article
Readers' comments
Reader comments are listed below. Comments are currently closed and new comments are no longer being accepted.
Sort:.
Well put. Thanks..
This newspaper, like most of the conservative press, is still stuck in October. You do not offer your freshly and completely vanquished foe incentives to compromise. On the contrary, you offer him the choice of your terms or jumping off a cliff.
'Tis called Realpolitik.!
<|endofexample|>
Economic forecasts
Every. This month we include, for the first time, forecasts for 2007. The panel expects America's GDP growth to slow to 2.8% next year from 3.3% in 2006. It also predicts a mild slowdown in euro-area growth to 1.8% in 2007 from an upwardly revised 2.0% in 2006. Our forecasters have become more optimistic about Japanese prospects in 2006, with the economy now tipped to expand by 2.9% compared with 2.5% last month. They think that Japan's GDP growth will then slow to 2.4% in 2007.
From the print edition: Economic and financial indicators
<|endofexample|>
06, 2009
Proofpoint, Inc., a provider of unified email security, archiving, and data loss prevention solutions, announced the availability of Proofpoint Shield, an enterprise email security solution. Proofpoint Shield, a SaaS (Software-as-a-Service) solution, defends against malicious and spam email connections, reduces inbound spam volume, and prevents denial-of-service and directory harvest attacks. The new solution can be deployed in front of any on-premises secure email gateway appliance including the Proofpoint Messaging Security Gateway as well as third-party solutions from Cisco (IronPort), McAfee (Secure Computing/CipherTrust), Symantec, Trend Micro, and Tumbleweed. Proofpoint Shield uses Proofpoint Dynamic Reputation and netMLX technology to make intelligent decisions about whether to accept, throttle, or reject incoming email connections. Accepted messages and their attachments are then scanned for spam characteristics, using a version of the Proofpoint MLX anti-spam engine, which examines structural and content attributes to accurately reject spam messages. The remaining messages are delivered to the customer’s on-premises email security gateway, which can apply additional anti-spam and anti-virus scanning, policy enforcement, email routing, and other MTA features.
()
<|endofexample|>
Ecoplug MAX®
ECOPLUG MAX® is an efficient method to prevent regroth from leaf trees.
- Provides 100 percent effective on all brushwood
- Can be used all year round
- Kills all unwanted leaf tree
- Minimizes chemical diffusion
- Kills the entire root system of the treated tree/stump
- Fully selective method
reduce chemical use up to 90% compared to previously used methods.
- Can be used all year around.
- Will exterminate: Alder, elm, aspen, birch, beech, lime, maple, mountain ash,sallow, poplar, ash, cherry, bird cherry, oak and more broad leafed trees
- Minimize the use of chemicals during treatment of trees and stumps.
- The product will kill off the entire root system, but only the root system. Neither people, animals or the enviromnent will be exposed to our product..
<|endofexample|>
Although the members on this website will enable you to find a new home for most of your unwanted items, there will be occasions when they are not able to help. However, there are plenty of other ways of finding them a new...
24th Jul 2010
Some Individual Reuse Tips
As an individual you can re-use more items in your day-to-day activities. Here are a few ideas (but there are many more for you to discover!):
- Reusing your shopping bags is a very useful tip. You can even get a "bag for life" from your supermarket for a sturdier carrier. Shopping bags can be used as residual bin liners.
- Reusing envelopes by using sticky envelope labels.
- Using a wide range of household items, such as yoghurt pots as mini plant pots; plastic bottles as mini cloches; ice cream tubs as lunch boxes, etc.
- Using cloth nappies instead of the disposable sort. Cloth nappies have developed greatly in recent times and are now very easy to use and will save you substantial amounts of money. For more information take a look at the Essex Cloth Nappy Campaign
Tel 01245 437318
- Using rechargeable batteries not only reduces your waste but is also a great way to save money.
- Giving something that you no longer use to someone who can use it. First find out if you have a friend who would appreciate the item, maybe use a giveaway website such as Give or Take - look out for Swap Events, or find out when and where your nearest car boot or jumble sale is.
- Don't waste leftover food. Check out the Love Food Hate Waste website for tasty alternatives for all your leftovers..
Whatever truly encouraged u to post “Some Individual Reuse Tips | Reuse Essex”?
I actuallydefinitely enjoyed reading the post!
Thanks a lot -Daniele
My web-site -
Thanks a ton for applying time in order to post “Reply
to comment | Reuse Essex”. Thanks once more -Stormy
my web-site :: adfusionasia.com
Post new comment
<|endofexample|>
KONA, Hawaii, Dec. 14 (UPI) — The world’s first solar thermal plant using proprietary MicroCSP solar panels opened at the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii in a major new response to the state’s clean energy initiative.
The thermal energy project spans 3.8 acres in the Kona desert and features 1,000 of the solar panels, the first of their kind, Hawaii-based Sopogy Inc. said.
Through the use of mirrors and optics and an integrated sun tracker, the company claims the panels achieve higher efficiencies than conventional solar panels and are good at gathering energy even in the cloudiest of conditions.
Solar energy is attracting funding and support worldwide amid a scramble for clean energy. As the panels’ manufacturer, Sopogy is poised to replace the “chaotic” solar power installations worldwide with its branded product.
Sopogy has projects operating in Idaho, California, Hawaii and several more across Europe, the Middle East and Asia. However, many of Sopogy’s customers are using the systems as a competitive advantage and have intentionally kept their projects confidential.
Analysts said several factors supported upgrading of conventional solar panels with more efficient and versatile devices that respond to familiar challenges, such as poor sunlight or fragility and unreliability of the equipment.
Sopogy’s branded system also uses a thermal energy storage buffer, the first of its kind, that allows energy to be produced during cloudy periods. The buffer can also transfer energy produced during the day to evening hours.
Sopogy named the project, “Holaniku at Keahole Point” to add local color and to reflect the diversity of the technology’s uses. The Hawaiian term stands for a location that has everything required for self-sufficiency.
Sopogy also believes it is on to an all-round winner with the MicroCSP technology applied in solar power systems. “MicroCSP is an achievement in rugged, modular and cost-effective solar thermal technology,” said Darren T. Kimura, the company’s president and CEO.
Kimura said the completion and demonstration of the 2 megawatt solar thermal project is an important first step toward widening its usage across the world.
Sopogy’s MicroCSP technologies are being used in such diverse applications as process heat, solar air conditioning, rooftop deployment and power generation.
The Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative has attracted the attention of the renewable energy industry. Sopogy and its local solar project development partner Keahole Solar Power plan to bring 30 megawatts of MicroCSP power to the state by 2015.
Analysts said competitive pricing of Sopogy’s systems would be crucial to establishing the company into solar thermal energy markets with less cash than Europe’s industrial countries or oil-rich states experimenting with energy diversification.
<|endofexample|>
Contact Info
Trinity Networking Teams
JP Hurlbert
1320 Standiford Ave.
Ste. 4-101
Modesto, CA, 95350
Phone: 2095711990
Visit our Website
Photo Tour
Our Website
Click below to visit our Website
Services
- Christian Networking
- Business Networking
- Trinity Networking
- Mastermind Group
- Christian Organizations
- Marketplace Ministries
- Christian Businesses
- Executive Networking
- Christian Networking Organization
- Christian Fellowship
Fundraisers We Support
- The "Friends" of Trinity Networking Teams support local churches, missionaries, ministries and missions as well as 501(C)3 Organizations including Advancing Vibrant Communities, Agape Children's Ministries, Mexico Missions, Shelter Cove, Youth With A Mission and Church in the Park.
Hours of OperationTRINITY NETWORKING TEAMS meets at noon on most Wednesdays in the greater Modesto area for our mid-week "oasis" from 11:45 to 1:15pm. Please Visit "Trinity Networking Teams" on Facebook for our current meeting location or call 209-571-1990. ~ TNT is the place to be!
TNT: AN ENCOURAGING PLACE TO GATHER, GROW AND GLORIFY GOD
Trinity Networking Teams (TNT) is a Christ-Centered, Faith-Friendly, Marketplace Ministry; We encourage Christians in business, public service and ministry. TRINITY NETWORKING TEAMS (TNT) meets each Wednesday at area businesses and venues. Check our Facebook Fan Page for locations and speaker information. The "Friends" of TNT are on a mission to "encourage one another" in the name of Christ. Newcomers are welcome, please join us and bring a friend.
TNT is the place to be to meet with faith-friendly business owners, encouraging speakers and ministry leaders. You are invited to come and network with local professionals, dedicated individuals and skilled craftsmen, hear their stories and learn from their victories and defeats.
Each TNT meeting is designed to provide optimal opportunities for local business people and others to meet and fellowship with one another. The setting is casual, relaxed and informatve.
You will have a brief opportunity to introduce your product, service or passion at our weekly luncheons. Our guests may make an anouncenment and hand out a business card, flyer or brochure.
TNT speakers, artists and performers typically include business and ministry leaders, missionaries, public servants, entreprenuers and visionaries. Each week we feature a new speaker. After visiting three meetings, you may be invited to give an extended presentation or share your testiimony with the group.
Trinity Networking Teams is a growing band of believers who encourage one another in prayer while sharing food and fellowship. In doing so, we carry the fruit of the Holy Spirit into the marketplace and beyond in order to build bridges of faith throughout our community and to demonstrate God's good and perfect will in our lives through service to others.
Our Mission: "To gather, grow and glorify God" -- Heb 10:25; Gen 26:13; Psalm 34:3
Our Vision: "Plant seeds, build bridges & bear good fruit" -- Mt 13:24; Jn 15:15; Jas 3:17
Our Motto: "Ask - Seek - Knock" -- Mt 7:7; 1st Chron 16:10; Lk 11:9
Connecting Christians in business, service and ministry.
***
We invite you to visit our sister site below:
Dream Big with
***
Our 5th Annual TNT Anniversary celebration was held on Saturday, January 7th, 2012 in the multipurpose room of Shelter Cove Community Church in Modesto, CA and was a huge hit. We had 9 guest speakers including Kaylee Smith of Agape Children's Ministry, Shelly Walker from SC Mexico Missions and Carl Stange, board president of United Cerebral Palsy of Stanislaus County. In addition we heard stirring messages from Mylinda Mason, Brad Hawn and 25th Assembly Member Kristin Olsen. Our last three speakers were Joe Williams of Marriage 911, Steve White (local Christian radio on-air personality) and Pastor Craig Hunnel of Lifepointe Ministries in Ceres, CA.
Over 100 friends of TNT supported this gala event. Naja Froewn and TNT Founder JP Hurlbert co-hosted the event and introduced each speaker and performer. Brian Hyde opened with the national anthem followed by Country Gospel singer Mike Barnes. Catie Carrel & Kara Reeves sang a beautiful tribute duet. The talented Shuntavia Reynolds sang a Gospel solo accompanied by pianist Glen Stovall. Rick and Maile Delgado blessed us with a Christian interpretation of traditional Hawaiian hula. Vocalist and worship leader Dezman Turner, Gospel Hip Hop group God's Men at Work and soloist Sarah Hunnel rouned out the two-hour afternoon anniversary celebration.
Our Social Networks/Blogs
<|endofexample|>
Find People
Campus Map
MyLinks
OneStop
A-Z
Web Site
People
Departments such as Blackboard
or
Moodle. These formats have been selected due to their ease of use for both student and instructor, and they have been used extensively for delivery of distance education coursework.
As with on-campus sections, information such as syllabus and schedule of assignments)
Construction Management (MCM)
Finance
Criminal Justice (MS)
Education (MAEd)
(Must hold a current North Carolina teaching license.)
Art Education
Birth-Kindergarten Education
Business Education
Health Education
Instructional Technology Education
Science Education
Special Education
Educational Administration and Supervision (EdS)
English (MA)
Multicultural and Transnational Literatures Concentration
Technical and Professional Communication Concentration
Environmental Health (MSEH)
Health Education (MA)
Instructional Technology (MS)
Library Science (MLS)
Music Education (MM) **
Nursing (MSN)
Adult Nurse Practitioner Concentration**
Clinical Nurse Specialist Concentration
Family Nurse Practitioner Concentration**
Neonatal Nurse Practitioner Concentration
Nurse Education Concentration
Nursing Leadership Concentration
Nutrition (MS)
Occupational Safety (MS)
Psychology, General (MA) **
Technology Systems (MS)
Computer Networking Management Concentration
Digital Communications Concentration
Industrial Distribution and Logistics Concentration
Information Security Concentration
Manufacturing Systems Concentration
Performance Improvement Concentration
Quality Systems Concentration
Software Engineering (MS)
Speech, Language and Auditory Pathology (MS)**
Vocational Education (MS)
Graduate Certificate Programs
Assistive Technology
Autism
Deaf-Blindness
Community College Instruction
Computer Network Professional
Distance Instruction
Health Care Administration
Health Care Management
Health Informatics
Information Assurance
Lean Six Sigma
Multicultural and Transnational
Literatures
Performance Improvement
Professional Communication
Security Studies
Special Endorsement in Computer Education
Substance Abuse Counseling
Virtual Reality in Education and Training
Web Site Developer
Post Master's Certificates
Adult Nurse Practitioner**
Clinical Nurse Specialist
Family Nurse Practitioner**
Neonatal Nurse Practitioner
Nurse Midwifery**
Nursing Education
Add-on Licensure
Driver’s Education
Preschool**
Instructional Technology Specialist – Computers
**
Some
on-campus attendance required.
Ragsdale 230 | Greenville, NC 27858-4353 USA
252-328-1610 | Fax: 252-737-2914
© 2013 |
| Last Updated:
2009-08-28
<|endofexample|>
The Pirates were led by senior Crystal Frye who won the ECAC shot put championship with her personal-best throw of 48 feet, three-quarter inches.
For the women, senior Margaret Clayton and freshman Krystel Pabey both earned All-East honors as they finished eighth in the hammer and javelin, respectively. Clayton threw 159 feet, 10 inches, while Pabey was the top-freshman finisher with her toss of 136 feet, one inch.
The 4x100 relay team of freshman Terri Davenport, freshman Shirena James, sophomore Estrella Coppin, and sophomore Quiana Battle qualified for Sunday's finals as they finished sixth in 47.18. Davenport also qualified in the 100 meter dash (11.94) and the 200 meter dash (24.54).
The Lady Pirates are currently tied for 10th-place with 12 points. Virginia is the current leader with 41 points, followed by Rutgers at 27 points and Syracuse at 25 points.
In men's action, juniors Julien Dunkley and Jeremy Carter led the Pirates as they qualified for Sunday's finals in the 100 meter dash, the 200 meter dash, and the 4x100 meter relay. Dunkley finished first in the 100 meter dash (10.47) and third in the 200 meter dash (21.35), while Carter was second in the 100 meter dash (10.55) and second in the 200 meter dash (21.12). The Pirates finished first in the 4x100 relay preliminaries as they finished in 40.14 seconds. The team was Dunkley, Carter, senior Darren Tuitt, and freshman B.J. Henderson.
The men's 4x400 meter relay of junior Keith McMillian, junior Frankie Green, sophomore Stephen Reid and freshman Domonick Richmond qualified for Sunday's finals by finishing fifth in 3:11.41. Also returning for Sunday's finals is the men's 4x800 meter relay team of junior Jamal Nisbett, sophomore Wes Ricci, freshman Vance Stephenson, and freshman Trent Fuchs. They ran the event in 7:34.95 finishing eighth.
Georgetown is the current leader with 32 points, followed by Providence College at 23 points and Connecticut at 22 points.
"The team did an absolutely terrific job today. They had great intensity coming off the Conference USA meet last week," said women's Head Coach Matt Munson. "I was very happy to see Crystal Frye win the shot put, she's done an excellent job for us throughout her career. After tomorrow's finals, I think we have a shot to see the most athletes earn All-East honors which is a real testiment to the program's growth and the desire the girls have to compete at a high level."
<|endofexample|>
Jim Abbott, 2006
Born, Sept. 19, 1967, in Flint, Michigan without a right hand. He was an All-America hurler at Michigan; won the Sullivan Award in 1987; threw 4-0 no-hitter for NY Yankees vs. Cleveland (Sept. 4, 1993). Jim played for 10 seasons on 4 different teams and ended
his big league playing career in 1999.
Today, in addition to being a Pitching Instructor for the Los Angeles Angels, Jim Abbott is a motivational speaker. Unique as a
sports speaker because his story, and the way he delivers it, appeals to many types of audiences, even those who are not sports
fans. In his keynotes, Jim Abbott uses motivational sports stories of how he overcame adversity, and anecdotes from his career as
a professional baseball pitcher.
Jim has battled the odds his entire life. Despite being born with only one hand he was the 15th player to ever make a professional
debut in the Major Leagues. Many considered the move a publicity stunt by manager Doug Rader, but after struggling early, Abbott
proved his doubters wrong by winning 12 games.
What prepared Jim Abbott for this type of success?
<|endofexample|>
Serves 4 |
Prep Time 15 minutes |
Cook Time 5 minutes
2 cup organic couscous
2 cup water
1/2 cup Eden Organic Garbanzo Beans, drained
1/2 cup green peas, fresh or frozen, blanched 2 minutes
1 small organic tomato, diced
1/4 cup red radishes, slliced thin
1/4 cup celery, diced
1/4 cup Eden Organic Dry Roasted Pistachios
Dressing
1 1/2 tsp Eden Umeboshi Paste
3 to 4 Tbsp organic roasted tahini (sesame butter)
2 Tbsp scallions, minced
3/4 cup water
(Add All Eden Ingredients to Shopping Cart)
Bring.
Beans, Good/High Fiber, Good/High Protein, Japanese Food, Macrobiotic, Main Course, Mediterranean, No Sweetener Added, Salad, Vegan
<|endofexample|>
Serves 7 |
Prep Time 10 minutes |
Cook Time 20 minutes
14 ounces Eden Organic Spelt Spaghetti
3 Tbsp Eden Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups small broccoli florets
1 cup small cauliflour florets
1 cup zucchini, sliced
1 cup carrots, sliced thin
1/2 cup water packed artichoke hearts, quartered
1/2 tsp Eden Sea Salt, or to taste
2/3 cup water or vegetable stock
1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper, or to taste
2 Tbsp fresh basil, finely chopped
(Add All Eden Ingredients to Shopping Cart)
Cook.
Condiments, Good/High Fiber, Good/High Protein, Italian, Macrobiotic, Main Course, No Sweetener Added, Oils, Pasta, Vegan, Whole Grain
<|endofexample|>
1 lb Snacks
4 oz Re-sealable
Chips and Crackers
Popcorn
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Contrary to popular belief, cranberries do not grow in water. They grow in beds called 'bogs' made of impermeable layers of sand, peat, gravel, clay, and organic matter from the cranberry vines. The vines only grow where specific conditions exist, such as acid peat soil, an adequate supply of fresh water, periodic flooding, a supply of sand, and a long growing season that extends from April to November. There are two methods of harvesting cranberries - dry and wet harvesting.
EDEN Dried Cranberries are native American Vaccinium macrocarpon organically grown on family owned cranberry bogs in QuÃ©bec. They are wet harvested, considered to be the best way to harvest cranberries. When ripe the bog is flooded with water. A simple machine called a 'water reel' stirs and loosens the cranberries from their vines. The water reel is nicknamed the 'egg beater' and resembles a paddle boat. Cranberries have an air bubble in the center, and once loosened they float to the surface. Harvesters use a long handled gathering device to corral the berries into a large red carpet that is loaded into trucks and taken to the processing to be cleaned, sorted, and quick frozen. When ready for drying they are thawed and infused with organic apple juice concentrate to a targeted sweetness or 'Brix'. The infused cranberries are then rinsed, slowly dried, misted with organic sunflower oil to prevent clumping. They require no refrigeration.
Unlike commercial dried fruit, organic EDEN Dried Cranberries contain no added refined sugar or high fructose corn syrup. They are free of sulfites, chemical preservatives, or any other additives.
History
Cranberries are native North American and were prized by American Indians. They used them as food, as textile dye, and as a healing plant for arrow wounds. Indians had many names for the cranberry such as sasamanesh, ibimi, and atogua. To Delaware Indians it was a peace symbol. Native Americans believed cranberries calmed their nerves. Its current name is from Dutch and German settlers who called it 'crane berry,' because its small pink blossoms resembled the head and bill of a Sandhill crane.
Nutrition Facts
Although folklore and anecdotal accounts of cranberries healthful properties (especially benefits to urinary tract health) have been touted for centuries, research is revealing how healthful cranberries are. Packed with antioxidants and other efficacious compounds, cranberries are indeed valuable. USDA found its high phenolic content delivers a potent antioxidant value, rating it one of the highest out of 20 common fruits tested. USDA uses a system called Oxygen Radical Absorbance Capacity (ORAC). By testing the ability of foods and other compounds to subdue oxygen free radicals, USDA determines antioxidant capability. The ORAC value of cranberries is 1,750. Cranberries recently became the first fruit to carry a French certified health claim for urinary tract health.
Organic EDEN Dried Cranberries are a versatile healthy snack, but there's no sense limiting them to snacking. Use them in baking breads, cakes, and muffins, in pie fillings, puddings, and in grain and bread stuffing. Sprinkle them on salads and put them in hot or cold cereals. They're great in granola, muesli, granola bars, popcorn balls, and caramel corn.
<|endofexample|>
Flakes
Flour
Mochi
Whole Kernel
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Organic EDEN Quinoa Chenopodium quinoa Willd is the most ancient American staple grain, sustainably grown at over 12,000 feet in the Andes, preserving native culture. EDEN Organic Ouinoa is mechanically de-saponized and mountain spring water washed; superior methods that best preserve flavor and nutrients.
Organic EDEN Quinoa has a pleasing texture, great flavor, potent nutrition, and is versatile and easy to cook. It is one of the fastest cooking whole grains, ready in 12 minutes. About the size of millet, each round grain is bound with a narrow germ. When cooked the wispy germ separates from the seed and its delicate, almost crunchy curlicue makes a great contrast to the soft grain.
Awards
Calling it the "Top Secret Superfood," Men's Health magazine recommended EDEN Quinoa in its April 2007 issue. EDEN Organic Quinoa was chosen by nutritionists at Women's Health magazine as a 'Top 125 Best Packaged Food for Women' in their 2009 study. It was the top choice in the rice and pasta category. Women's Health said of EDEN Quinoa, "Try this hunger-killing supergrain."
History
Quinoa was cultivated over 7,000 years ago near the equator in South America and was a staple grain of the Inca, Maya, and other native Americans for centuries. In Quechua and Aymara languages, Quinoa means 'Mother Grain'. Recently it has become widely popular for its nutrition, flavor, and convenience. A relaxing and satisfying whole grain with fast growing global appeal, quinoa has been called 'the rice of the new millennium'.
Nutrition Facts
Quinoa is a gluten free whole grain food., "Quinoa is a very nutritious grain and therefore a very useful alternative to wheat, rye, barley and oats in the diet of Celiacs."
EDEN Quinoa is heart healthy and an excellent source of magnesium. It is a good source fiber, protein, iron, thiamin B1, vitamin B6, and folate B9. Sodium free, low fat, and saturated fat and cholesterol free. According to the FDA, "Diets rich in whole grain and other plant foods, and low in saturated fats and cholesterol, may reduce the risk of heart disease and certain cancers."
Quinoa provides complete protein and has the best amino acid profile of all grains, including lysine and threonine, that are rarely found in cereal grains. The Food and Agricultural Organization and the World Health Organization (FAO/WHO) of the United Nations rated the nutritional quality of quinoa's protein similar to casein (milk protein), we know it's far better.
Use EDEN Quinoa as you would rice. It is delicious as a main grain dish, with beans, with vegetables, as a hearty hot cereal, in stuffing vegetables, and in soups, stews, and salads. Quinoa can also be used in making a variety of delicious and nutritious desserts and puddings. Try two of our favorites, Minted Quinoa with Crunchy Pine Nuts, and Baked Squash Stuffed with Quinoa and Dried Fruit, in our free recipe section. Quinoa can be freshly ground into flour for more usability. Place 3/4 cup of EDEN Quinoa in a blender and grind it until it becomes flour; equals 1 cup flour. Use to make delicious, wheat and gluten free desserts, waffles, pastries, and baked goods.
<|endofexample|>
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
This wakame is hand harvested from February to April by farmers in boats using long poles with blades attached to cut the fronds loose. Long handle rakes are used to gather the fronds of wakame as it floats to the surface. The fronds are taken ashore and sun dried. To make EDEN Instant Wakame Flakes the dried wakame is first washed and then simmered in salt water at 190°F. for about thirty seconds to replicate the method used for centuries of washing it in sea water. This turns the wakame from brown to green. After simmering it is immersed in ice water to remove as much salt as possible. It is cut taking out the main rib and the leaf tips are trimmed. It is rinsed again to further reduce the sodium before air drying to form tiny, tight curls of dried wakame. Twenty-five (25) processes are employed from leaf to flakes and seventeen (17) of them are to remove any foreign material. None of the steps reduce nutrient content. The washing, trimming, and cleaning produces a more instantly usable wakame that is convenient, quick and easy. No more home washing, soaking, or trimming. EDEN Wakame Flakes are fat and cholesterol free, and low in sodium.
Wakame Undaria pinnatifida is a long, delicate, brown species of algae or sea vegetable with leaves that resemble feathers. Its size and tenderness varies depending on where it grows as water temperature and ocean conditions greatly influence the texture, flavor, nutrients, and cooking quality of the wakame. It first became known in the United States as the green in Miso soup. EDEN Instant Wakame Flakes are quickly restored to tenderness by soaking for 2 to 3 minutes for use in marinated dishes, casseroles and salads. For soups, broth and stews no soaking is necessary, simply place in the cooking water.
EDEN Instant Wakame Flakes are low in sodium, contain no fat or calories. superior quality and have severe uniformity. It holds its shape and texture well when soaked or cooked without becoming slippery or dissolving.
<|endofexample|>
Flakes
Flour
Mochi
Whole Kernel
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Michigan family organic whole grain spelt, gas fire roasted and rolled into versatile flakes. Cooks in minutes. Ideal for quick porridge, muesli and granola, desserts, baked goods, soups and stews, sauces, and more. St. Hildegard said, "Spelt is the best of grains. It is rich and nourishing and milder than other grains. It produces a strong body and healthy blood for those who eat it, and it makes the spirit of man light and cheerful." Those with sensitivity to modern wheat often enjoy this ancient wheat. 100% whole grain. A good source of fiber, thiamin B1, niacin B3, and magnesium. Packed in a recloseable, protective, standing pouch. kosher pareve
* See Detailed Description for qualified FDA health claims.
Detailed Description
<|endofexample|>
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Only the prized tender black curls of the tips. Wild, hand harvested, sun-dried, steamed, and dried again. Rich flavor and delicate texture. Great with grains and in stir-fries and salads. Enjoy concentrated sea vegetable nourishment. It is fat free and very low sodium. kosher pareve
Detailed Description
<|endofexample|>
Bluefin Tuna Conservation Measures Pay Off
DUB," he said. "In the meantime, we cannot lower our guard, management efforts need to be maintained and even strengthened. Bluefin tuna fisheries management will not become a success overnight."
Environmentalists are calling on the 48 nations in ICCAT to endorse scientific recommendations to keep the current quotas of 14,200 tons (12,900 metric," she said.  (13,500 metric tons) and since then reduced it to 14,200 tons (12,900 metric tons) a year later. There has also.."
<|endofexample|>
Does the Berlin Patient Hold the Secret for an End to HIV?
In 2009, scientists and researchers announced that a bone-marrow transplant had cured the so-called "Berlin patient" of HIV. At the recent XIX International AIDS Conference, they shared news that two Boston men may have also been cured of HIV, bringing the total number to three worldwide. The unexpected has happened for three HIV-positive people. The question is: how did it happen and what does it mean for people living with HIV?
"Everyone knows about this ’Berlin patient.’ We wanted to see if a simpler treatment would do the same thing," Dr. Daniel Kuritzkes told MSNBC. He oversaw the study at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston where both men were HIV-positive and had undergone a bone marrow transplant, similar to the "Berlin patient," Timothy Ray Brown. The men had their transplant procedures between two and four years ago and both now have no detectable HIV in their blood. Before declaring them officially cured, doctors will continue to search for HIV in their tissues. At this time, the men both remain anonymous while the study continues.
The basis for this treatment approach began in 2007. Brown, an HIV-positive man from Seattle, WA, was living in Berlin, Germany, and underwent a stem cell transplantation procedure to treat leukemia. His doctor hoped to cure both diseases with a single treatment. And amazingly, the cure appears to have worked. Brown became known as the Berlin patient, the only person in the world to have been cured of HIV. Now the procedure has been repeated for two other HIV-positive cancer patients, and it is possible that they have been cured as well.
Having a stem cell or bone marrow transplant is risky business. Stem cells are the cells in the body that make blood, found in the bone marrow inside bones. When Brown decided to have the procedure, his doctor looked for people with a certain type of cell that would stop HIV. The key in the transplant’s success lies in how the HIV virus moves into cells in the body. In order to move from the blood into a cell, where more HIV virus can be made and the infection can take hold, the virus has to attach to a receptor on the cell surface. Most of us have cells that have these receptors.
The bone marrow that was transplanted into Brown was from a donor who did not have the receptor. People without this receptor are rare, but they do exist. To make a long story short: no receptor, no entrance into the cell, no viral infection. As new blood cells were generated by the transplanted bone marrow, they could no longer be infected with HIV.
Even though researchers know that this isn’t an approach to be used for the masses, they have continued to explore what it means for HIV treatment. The procedure used for the two Boston men had several significant differences from the procedure used to treat Brown in Berlin. Instead of stopping their anti-HIV medication for the transplant, they continued to take the drugs. But their bone marrow donors did have the receptor that allows HIV to move into cells and begin the infection.
Why, then, has their HIV begun to disappear? It is possible that because these patients were able to keep using their anti-HIV medication, the new cells from the donor did not get infected. And as the donor cells took hold in the patients’ bodies, the new blood cells may have killed off the cells that were already infected with HIV.
"Words cannot begin to express my joy that two other men may have been cured of HIV," said Brown, reacting to the news of the two Boston men. His delight is easily understood. The World Health Organization reports that as of 2010 there were approximately 34 million people living with HIV. Clearly, a bone marrow transplant is not an option for most of these patients.
While antiretroviral therapy is the gold standard of treatment world wide, it keeps the virus at bay but does not cure the patient of the disease. Patients can stay healthier, but only as long as they continue their therapy. HIV is a tricky virus. It lurks out of sight in the body, ready to come back as soon as the way is clear. While bone marrow transplantation may not work for everyone, this unexpected success for three patients has provided fresh energy toward finding a cure.
"This gives us some important information. It suggests that under the cover of retroviral therapy, the cells that repopulated the patients immune system appear to be protected from becoming re-infected with HIV," said Kuritzkes in a press release. By studying situations like this, scientists gain a greater understanding of how the virus functions. To paraphrase Sun Tzu and "The Art of War," only if we know our enemy and ourselves can we win the battle.
It is frustrating to be part of a community that has been affected so deeply by a disease and still see scientists struggling to find a cure. While recent attempts may not represent a cure that can affect the millions living with HIV, they do represent a significant step forward both in hope and in understanding. Modern medicine is a process of discovery that involves creativity, dedication and unexpected breakthroughs.
"My dream is to not be the man who stands before you and says ’I am cured’, but to be the man who stands before you and says, ’We are cured’," said Brown on his website. Let’s hope that the people leading HIV research will, through that dedication, find a cure that can help make Brown’s dream a reality.
<|endofexample|>
Topics :: NAACP
- 1 thru 5 of 5.
NAACP Holds First-Ever LGBT Town Hall
By Megan Barnes | Monday Aug 1, 2011
CNN anchor Don Lemon questioned civil rights icon Julian Bond, comedian Wanda Sykes, transgender activist Ashley Love and others at the NAACP’s first-ever LGBT town hall during the organization’s annual convention in Los Angeles on Monday, July 25.
New NAACP Seeing More Gay, Diverse Chapter Leaders
By Russell Contreras and Marilynn Marchione | Wednesday Mar 23, 2011
The NAACP’s newly revived Worcester chapter elected a 28-year-old openly gay black man as its president this month.
NAACP president speaks at N.Y. LGBT center
By Michael K. Lavers | Wednesday Sep 22, 2010
NAACP President Benjamin Todd Jealous spoke at New York City’s LGBT Community Center on Wednesday, Sept. 22, about the importance of an upcoming march on Washington that seeks to spur lawmakers to tackle unemployment, education and social justice.
Obama Cites Gays in Speech to NAACP, Draws Cheers
By Kilian Melloy | Friday Jul 17, 2009
President Barack Obama addressed the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People on the occasion of the group’s 100th anniversary, noting that prejudice is still alive, though diminished, in America--and citing the country’s GLBT citizens as an example.
- 1 thru 5 of 5
<|endofexample|>
My orientation is ‘Focus and Simplify’ to make business easier, more profitable and more fun for all employees. I’ve come to this mission following 10 years as an engineer working to simplify complex manufacturing processes, then 20 years simplifying the management of new and growing businesses as well as turning around failing enterprises and not-for-profit organizations. I’ve also had a stint on the board of a major university and helped the development of the arts and creative industries elements there.
To help give back some of this experience to the community, I’ve set up the Simpler Business Institute to educate and coach owners and managers in the principles and techniques of simplification within an environment of rising complexity. The reason for this is because it’s been proved over 140 years that simpler businesses are more profitable and sustainable no matter what the economy is like at the time. And a coaching approach delivers more permanent benefits than consulting.
You might like to read the welcome letter at my website to understand why a strategy of business simplification is becoming a success factor as business complexity rises.
<|endofexample|>
Well just look at what Apple is up to these days on the Siri front. A recent job posting from Apple on LinkedIn reveals that the company is looking for someone with writing skills to jazz up Siri’s.
Indeed, during the first few weeks that Siri was released into the wild, a popular meme consisted of aggregating all of Siri’s off the cuff, biting, sarcastic, and humorous answers to user-based queries. That little bit of fun was rather short lived and soon gave way to the “Siri is really messing me up” meme.
So perhaps Apple is trying to recapture some of that initial excitement by shoring up Siri’s language abilities and entice people to use it more often. Incidentally, one of the key things the aforementioned job description is looking for is someone with the ability to “help the Siri team evolve Siri as a distinct, recognizable character.” In essence, they’re trying to make Siri just a tad bit more human like.
Related: Apple hires Amazon’s William Statssior to lead Siri unit
Tue, Jan 22, 2013
News
<|endofexample|>
Ms. Lorie Nalepa
6th grade TeacherFalling Creek Middle North Chesterfield, VA
- 53Students
- 11Teacher Connections
- 12Library Items
- 273Sharing Score
Publisher Collaborator
Follow a publisher community
Class Builder
Have at least 30 students join your groups
Subdomain User
Belong to your school's Edmodo subdomain
Connected
Connect with at least 10 teachers on Edmodo
Verified Teacher
Verify your teacher account
Librarian
Achieve 100 views of content you have shared on Edmodo
<|endofexample|>
EDMONTON - The Redford government announced plans to cut the size and cost of Alberta’s public service Tuesday, starting with a three-year pay freeze for managers and plans to cut their ranks by 10 per cent.
The move comes as nurses, teachers and other provincial employees grapple with or prepare for contract talks. The province’s doctors also are locked in a fierce year-long fight with the government over their fees.
Alberta Finance minister and Treasury Board president Doug Horner said the freeze to managers signals the government is serious about scaling back spending in the face of plummeting resource revenues.
“What you would want to take from the salary freeze is the fact that this government’s resolve and this premier’s resolve is very solid and that would be certainly an indication of where we would like to see things go,” Horner said.
The freeze on general wages affects about 4,800 workers, including deputy ministers, managers and specialists such as engineers and veterinarians. It takes effect on April 1. Collectively, the changes will save an estimated $54 million over three years, Horner said.
Horner delivered the news on the same day he reported the third-quarter financial results for 2012-13 which put the province on track for a deficit as high as $4 billion, which will have to covered by the province’s dwindling sustainability fund.
While other details of the 2013-14 budget remain secret until March 7th, Horner said the government felt it was important to deliver the message on wages immediately.
Many of the employees covered by Tuesday’s announcement were expecting a two-per-cent raise, a figure based on the Consumer Price Index. Those same senior officials received a four-per-cent pay hike in the current fiscal year after a freeze for the previous three years.
A bonus program will remain suspended, but a manager not at the top of their pay grid could increase their wage if the position is reclassified.
The approximately 480 job cuts will come through retirements and program changes, Horner said.
In a memo to government employees issued Tuesday afternoon titled “Fiscal Challenges,” Executive Council deputy minister Peter Watson said that public servants have a duty to provide options that help the government deal with emerging problems.
“Given that more than 40 per cent of our budget is for public-sector salaries, we must deal with the growth in public-sector salaries,” Watson wrote.
Liberal Leader Raj Sherman said that his party has long said the government has “too many managers managing managers.”
Wildrose Leader Danielle Smith said the plan to cut managers by 10 per cent does not go far enough. Smith noted the ratio of staff to managers in government is four to one, compared to a private-sector ratio of more than ten to one. “You’d need to cut management by 50 per cent if you’re actually serious about reforming the way the public service works,” she said.
Both questioned what the government’s intention are for other public-sector workers.
“Stay tuned to the budget on March 7th,” Horner said. “What ministers are doing is making some very tough choices. I would not want to prejudge where they’re going with some of their decisions. Obviously, if some programs are moved or eliminated, that’s going to mean you’re going to lose some people in those areas.”
Alberta Health Services president and CEO Chris Eagle said in a statement Tuesday that his agency, which employs more than 100,000 people, will make recommendations about its budget to its board of directors on March 14th.
The health authority no longer expects to receive a 4.5-per-cent increase as planned, he said. “While we do not have details, it is reasonable to expect that difficult decisions need to be made,” he said.
A spokesman for the Alberta Medical Association said Tuesday the organization was not commenting on Horner’s warning.
Alberta Union of Provincial Employees president Guy Smith said while the government had the right to publicly signal its financial goals, unions have the right to a free collective-bargaining process.
“There’s certainly no room for cuts on the front line and I think they could redeploy those opted-out folks to the front lines to help,” Smith said. “We’re telling people stay calm, we’ll negotiate and we get to where we end up getting to.”
Leaders of both the Alberta Teachers’ Association and the United Nurses Association of Alberta said that it was frustrating for members to hear politicians talk of freezes and unfulfilled spending commitments when they are not considering revenue reform in the same breath.
Wages are only one of the issues that nurses and teachers are concerned about.
“Things like health, education and other public services should not be precariously budgeted based on non-renewable resources,” UNA president Heather Smith said. “The words coming out of this messaging are really, ‘We want you to do more with less, because we’ve had a population increase of close to 100,0000.’ ”
With files from Karen Kleiss
sodonnell@edmontonjournal.com
<|endofexample|>
May 18 2013 Latest news:
Rosa Norton with the diarys produce that will continue to be sold locally when the Farm Shop at Frettenham closes this Saturday. Photo: Steve Adams
Lucy Wright
lucy.wright@archant.co.uk
Thursday, August 30, 2012
9:41 AM
A family-run farm shop in Frettenham is set to close its doors for the last time this weekend.
Norton’s Farm Shop, based at Beck Farm, will close on Saturday after trading for five years.
The shop sold butter and cheese which was made on the farm, pork and locally-grown vegetables. Three generations currently work on the farm, which has belonged to the Norton family since 1946.
Emily Norton said: “The driving force behind the shop has always been my mum, Rona Norton, and she has decided the time has come to slow down.
“As well as the shop, she does all the paperwork and accounts for the farm. She does the village milk round twice a week, and she manages our holiday cottages at Glebe Farm.
“We all agreed it was too much for one person, but sadly there is no one else able to take on running the shop.”
Shops in Horsford, Beeston, Coltishall and Horsham St Faith will continue to sell some produce.
Emily said the loss of the farm shop would mean more time could be devoted to increasing the farm shop’s range of cheeses.
“I have recently received a grant from Rev Active to put towards cheese-making equipment. I am trying to increase the kit in the dairy. At the moment I only make a couple of kilos a week.
“Our cheese, St Swithin’s soft, which is named after the local church in Frettenham, has been entered into the National Cheese Awards in Oxfordshire.”
Have you got a story for Local Life? Call Rosa McMahon on 01603 772495 or you can email her at rosa.mcmahon@archant.co.uk
Norwich-based Naked Wines has rescued an award-winning winemaker who was left reeling when vandals poured £50,000 of her white vintage down the drain.
ADVERTISEMENT
O well, if we are on a rant about spelling, I think they probably have a dairy, not a diary, and where is the apostrophe ? Is her name Rosa or Rona ?
Report this comment
crunchy dick
Thursday, August 30, 2012
<|endofexample|>
May 18 2013 Latest news:
Emily Dennis
Saturday, June 19, 2010
9:00 AM
Emily Dennis
Arts organisations across the region were breathing a sigh of relief last night after learning their budgets would not be slashed as much as feared this year.
Arts organisations across the region were breathing a sigh of relief last night after learning their budgets would not be slashed as much as feared this year.
Arts Council England has bailed out the organisations it regularly funds by digging deep into its coffers as it implements £19m of government cuts.
The body said it has shielded them to some extent by taking the “exceptional” step of using £9m from its “historic reserves” cash, which it has drawn down with government permission.
The cuts, announced by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport last month, come on top of an earlier in-year reduction of £4m.
But while arts organisations across the region spoke of their gratitude to Arts Council England they are bracing themselves for further and deeper cuts.
Arts Council England's regularly funded organisations (RFOs), of which there are around 880, all face a cut of 0.5pc - an average of £2,000 each.
Some 34 RFOs in the East will receive cuts ranging from as little as £278 to £7385.
Arts Council England said that had the £9m not been used, the organisations would have been hit with a 3pc cut.
Stuart Hobday, director of Norwich Arts Centre, which has seen its £123,632 grant for 2010/11 cut by £618, said: “I think it's a relief for this financial year that the Arts Council has chosen to cover a lot of its losses by digging into its reserves, so we feel like we can manage a 0.5pc cut this year.”
He added: “It has been indicated to us that there will be big cuts in the next financial year, 2011, so we are bracing ourselves for that.”
Jonathan Holloway, director of Norfolk & Norwich Festival, which has seen its £415,624 grant for 2010/11 cut by £2,078, said it would have to review its activities planned for 2011.
He said: “These are tough times and every penny counts so inevitably this cut will mean that we, like scores of other arts organisations in the region, will have to carefully review the activities we had planned for 2011.
“We are keenly aware that we must do all that we can to secure funding for arts and culture in this region in the coming years whilst continuing to be world class in everything that we do.
“This May alone, we attracted a whopping 278,000 people to engage with the arts through Norfolk & Norwich Festival and contributed an estimated £9.2m to the local economy.
“We have worked intensively with young people and community organisations on world class arts projects and the impact has been uplifting.”
Chris Gribble, chief executive of the Writers' Centre Norwich, which has seen its £205,848 grant for 2010/11 cut by £1,029, said he thought that Arts Council England had done its very best in a “difficult situation”.
He added: “We're just going to have to work a little bit harder and more creatively to overcome the difficult times.”
The British Centre for Literary Translation (BCLT), based at the University of East Anglia, has seen its £127,300 grant for 2010/11 cut by £637.
Acting director Dr Valerie Henitiuk said: “We were expecting it to be worse - it could have been 5pc. I think the Arts Council is showing they are doing their best to struggle through what is being imposed on them.
“We are very grateful because it is not as bad as we thought. However, we have to be prepared for the years ahead. We are facing a double jeopardy because we get half our funding from the Arts Council and half from the UEA. Both the Arts Council and the university are facing severe cuts from the government.”
Ivan Cutting, artistic director of Eastern Angles theatre company, which has seen its £230,188 grant for 2010/11 cut by £1,151, said: “Our reaction is one of relief that it is not worse. It makes a lot of difference there is to be just 0.5pc cut.”
He said it indicated that bigger cuts must be expected in future years, adding: “Clearly there's something even nastier coming around the corner.”
Helen Lax, Arts Council England regional director for the East, described the injection of funds from reserves as an “absolute one-off”.
“Had we not been able to do that the impact on these organisations would have been much worse,” she said.
“We do not know what will happen next year but as with all public sector we are expecting further cuts.”
Ms Lax explained that the body's historic reserves stood at £18.4m. The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has freed £16m, leaving the body with a balance of £2.4m which remains blocked from use.
Of the £16m freed, £9m is to be used to mitigate the in-year cuts, and £7m will be returned to the department.
It has been agreed that £5m of that £7m will be returned to the Arts Council's baseline funding for 2011/12.
Dame Liz Forgan, chair of Arts Council England, said: “We have done our best to minimise the effect on our funded organisations and the art they produce so brilliantly.
“The financial climate is tough, but the arts remain a compelling case for public investment. We will continue to put that case to government, and to make it clear that now reserves have been spent, the burden of any further cuts will fall on funded organisations.”
Arts Council England East region - in year cuts announcement 2010/11
Regularly Funded Organisation 2010/11 grant 0.5% reduction
Aldeburgh Music 1,476,986 7,385
Colchester Mercury Theatre Limited 834,353 4,172
Orchestras Live 816,961 4,085
Watford Palace Theatre 777,364 3,887
New Wolsey Theatre 763,547 3,818
Firstsite 666,200 3,331
DanceEast 601,196 3,006
UK Centre for Carnival Arts 539,175 2,696
Junction CDC Limited 533,914 2,670
Norfolk & Norwich Festival Ltd 415,624 2,078
Britten Sinfonia 341,649 1,708
Metal Culture Ltd 318,370 1,592
Trestle Theatre Company 262,183 1,311
Eastern Angles Theatre Company 230,188 1,151
Wysing Arts Centre 209,906 1,050
Writers' Centre Norwich 205,848 1,029
Theatre Is 184,680 923
New International Encounter 158,209 791
Kettle's Yard Gallery 157,539 788
Theatre Royal Bury St Edmunds 137,735 689
British Centre For Literary Translation 127,300 637
the hat Factory 123,754 619
Norwich Arts Centre 123,632 618
Tilted Productions 123,403 617
Hoipolloi Theatre Company 122,378 612
Colchester Arts Centre 118,967 595
Bedford Creative Arts 111,801 559
Visual Arts And Galleries Association 108,642 543
Commissions East 105,473 527
DanceDigital 101,685 508
Bury St Edmunds Art Gallery 82,328 412
Southend-On-Sea Borough Council 75,974 380
Theatre Resource 60,701 304
The Poetry Trust 55,516 278
TOTAL EAST RFO: 11,073,181 55,366
Nearly 3,000 people have supported a Facebook campaign demanding safety improvements on the A47 near Dereham set up after the latest fatal crash.
Overcast
max temp: 14°C
min temp: 10°C
ADVERTISEMENT
<|endofexample|>
Virtualization creates some serious security challenges. Any system with access to the Internet is a security risk, and virtualization enables users to provision new workstations and servers in seconds, increasing the odds that some may be connected to the Internet without being protected. Installing an antimalware product on each new virtual machine as it is created increases the complexity of installations and makes it more likely that servers might be unprotected. Having antimalware installed on each VM also creates the potential for input-output "storms," because all the clients would by default conduct tasks such as updating signature files and scanning virtual disks at the same time.
Kaspersky Security for Virtualization 1.1 can protect a VMware server or cluster and all the Windows VMs on it without requiring installation of an antivirus client for each VM. The software's centralized signature file also reduces both the storage used per VM and the number of IOs necessary to scan for malware.
Once the software and several related components are installed, administration is simple. A default policy can be set to ensure that all VMs are protected. IT administrators can create multiple policies to provide different levels of protection; for instance, a minimum level of protection for machines used for internal development, and a higher level of protection for production machines that are accessible from the Internet.
Advantages
Kaspersky Security for Virtualization uses the VMware vShield app and thin agent to scan each VM, while updates and scans are kept to a minimum. The system has only one antivirus signature file to update, and the base image for a group of VMs can be scanned, meaning that each individual VM doesn't have to be scanned separately. This can greatly reduce the load on the VMware server and storage. Also, since each VM needs only the vShield thin agent instead of a full antimalware client, the storage used per VM is reduced.
Management of individual endpoint scanners is greatly simplified, with policies that can be applied to groups of VMs, including new VMs added to a group. Integration of vCenter with the Kaspersky Security Center software is excellent, resulting in a seamless experience. The vShield App assures that thin agents are deployed to all VMs, as well as new VMs as they are brought online.
Why It Works for IT
The Kaspersky Security Center works with vCenter to automatically protect newly created VMs and ensure that VMs that have been turned off are automatically updated when they are turned back on.
The software has to update only one scanning application and one signature database per physical server, so ongoing administration is greatly simplified. The updates happen automatically, with no danger of cascading I/Os as multiple signature files are updated. The Kaspersky Security Center also uses load balancing and coordinates all scans to ensure that multiple scans of VMs don't take up too much processing power or storage bandwidth.
The product supports vSphere 5 and vSphere 4.1, and protects several Windows desktop and server OSs: Windows 7 (32 / 64 bit), Windows Vista (32 bit), Windows XP SP2 or later (32 bit), Windows 2003 (32 / 64 bit), Windows 2003 R2 (32 / 64 bit), Windows 2008 (32 / 64 bit) and Windows 2008 R2 (64 bit).
Disadvantages
In addition to the Kaspersky Security Center, several components must be installed separately, including vCenter, the VMware vShield app and VMware vShield Endpoint thin agent drivers. This adds to the cost of the installation. The vShield app and endpoint licenses are priced separately per VM, so the total cost is per VM for the vShield app, a vShield endpoint license and the Kaspersky license.
<|endofexample|>
Two OPMON defenses
Two people from OPMON have successfully defended their dissertation.
1) Timo Leinonen from Aalto University defended his dissertation "Designing learning tools. Methodological insights" on December 7, 2010; 2) Terje Väljataga from Tampere University of Technology defended her dissertation "Learner control and responsibility: Expanding the concept of self-direction in higher education" on January 5, 2011.
<|endofexample|>
The current version of the GED® test battery is expiring at the end of 2013. The Iowa Department of Education wishes to raise awareness about this change which may acutely impact individuals who have passed one or more of the five portions of the test, but have not finished.
With the adoption of a new assessment in 2014, any scores students have received on 2002 series tests will expire at year-end. The 2002 series tests will not be compatible with the computer-based GED® test or other assessments. Individuals who have not successfully completed the entire test battery must act quickly if they do not wish to re-take portions of the test which they’ve already passed. Successful completion of the test battery results in the awarding of a state-issued high school equivalency diploma.
The deadline for first-time testers to begin the 2002 test series is Nov. 30, 2013, and the last official testing date in Iowa for the test is Dec. 13, 2013.
Please communicate this to your community and attempt to reach out to individuals who may be impacted. Within the past decade, more than 11,000 testers statewide have started the test battery, but not yet completed it. Iowa strives to maintain a high GED® pass rate and it is important for participants to be referred to adult education and literacy programs in their area to receive assistance. Support specific to individual portions of the test is available. To help participants identify the closest center, please refer to this map:. Your support in sharing this information is greatly appreciated.
For more information, contact Alex Harris, adult education program consultant and state director for adult education at This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it or 515-281-3640.
<|endofexample|>
See more activities in: Third Grade, Physical Science
Can—an important expertise for future scientific endeavors.
What You Need:
- Scissors
- Balloon
- Soda bottle
- A rubber band
- Two straws
- A toothpick
- A ruler
- A marker
- Paper and a pen
- Tape
- Location with fairly constant temperature to leave barometer
Show Instructions
Printable Workbooks from Education.com
Find a printable workbook to go along with this fun activity. See Workbooks
Add your own comment
<|endofexample|>
Reading Software for Early Readers
Teaching a child to read can be daunting for many parents. Early readers need to practice a variety of skills and continue to review and challenge themselves in order to grow into fluent readers. Although reading with your child is invaluable, many parents are looking for supplemental help for their early readers. Education.com recommends Headsprout’s premier reading software program to grow your young reader.
Headsprout reading software guides young readers through a series of Web-based, animated lessons. Learning to read is a fun adventure with Headsprout’s cast of animated characters that helps capture kids’ imaginations. At the core of this reading software program are the proven skills all children must master while learning to read.
Headsprout reading software is developmentally appropriate, organized into 80 Web-based interactive episodes, each between 15 and 30 minutes long.
The earliest episodes begin with the fundamentals, but the lessons gradually increase in difficulty, building upon the skills developed in previous sessions. The reading software program includes detailed progress reports and a variety of printed books to practice independent reading off-line as well.
<|endofexample|>
Dental Science for Dental Assisting Exam Practice Problems
The study guide for these practice problems can be found at:
Dental Science for Dental Assisting Exam Study Guide
1. What is #1?
a. clinical crown
b. anatomical crown
c. root
d. alveolar bone
e. both a and b
2. What is #2?
a. clinical crown
b. anatomical crown
c. root
d. pulp
e. apex
3. What is #3?
a. enamel
b. dentin
c. cementum
d. pulp
e. alveolar bone
4. What is #4?
a. pulp
b. apex
c. cementum
d. root
e. dentin
5. What is #5?
a. enamel
b. dentin
c. cementum
d. pulp
e. alveolar bone
6. What is #6?
a. pulp
b. apex
c. cementum
d. root
e. dentin
7. What is #7?
a. enamel
b. dentin
c. cementum
d. pulp
e. alveolar bone
8. What is #8?
a. pulp
b. apex
c. cementum
d. root
e. alveolar process
9. Using the Universal Numbering System, which tooth is the maxillary right first molar?
a. 1
b. 3
c. 14
d. 19
e. 30
10. Using the ISO numbering system, how is the mandibular left second molar charted?
a. 4,7
b. 4,6
c. 2,7
d. 3,7
e. 8,7
11. How many major salivary glands are there?
a. six
b. three
c. two
d. four
e. five
12. The larynx is also known as the
a. throat.
b. esophagus.
c. voicebox.
d. Adam’s apple.
e. both a and b
13. What is the name of the bone on the lower arch?
a. maxilla
b. mandible
c. masseter
d. TMJ
e. both b and c
14. How many sets of teeth does a human being have in a lifetime?
a. one
b. two
c. three
d. four
e. none of the above
15. When is the term mixed dentition used?
a. when there are only permanent teeth present in the mouth
b. when there are only primary teeth present in the mouth
c. when there is a combination of primary and permanent teeth in the mouth
d. when primary teeth are falling out, but no permanent teeth are present yet
e. when permanent teeth are erupting, but no primary teeth are being exfoliated
16. What are the names of the two types of saliva?
a. serous, mucous
b. serous, spit
c. lubrication, enzymes
d. demineralization, remineralization
e. subcutaneous, minerals
17. How many surfaces does each tooth have?
a. two
b. three
c. four
d. five
e. six
18. In dentistry, what are front teeth called?
a. maxillary
b. mandibular
c. anterior
d. lateral
e. posterior
19. What is the curve of Spee?
a. the curve of the occlusal plane
b. the curve of the midsagittal plane
c. the curve of the midline
d. the curve of the Frankfurt plane
e. both a and d
20. What is an embrasure?
a. a triangular space above the contact just before the gumline
b. a triangular space below the contact near the chewing surface of the tooth
c. a space in the vestibule
d. a space in between tooth #9 and #10
e. a space where the teeth occlude
21. What is the other name for the nostril?
a. anterior naris
b. tragus
c. philtrum
d. ala of the nose
e. none of the above
22. What is the longest rooted tooth in the permanent dentition?
a. central incisor
b. first molar
c. first bicuspid or premolar
d. cuspid
e. third molar
23. What is the name of the extra (or fifth) cusp of the maxillary first molar?
a. fossa
b. mamelon
c. furcation
d. Cusp of Carabelli
e. Cusp of Cingulum
24. How many teeth are in development when a baby is born?
a. 15
b. 50
c. 44
d. 20
e. 32
25. What is the name of the top surface of the tongue?
a. ventral
b. lingual
c. dorsal
d. taste buds
e. buccal
26. Which teeth found in the permanent dentition are not found in the primary dentition?
a. cuspids, first bicuspids or premolars, second bicuspids or premolars
b. first molars, first bicuspids or premolars, second bicuspids or premolars
c. second and third molars
d. first bicuspids or premolars, second bicuspids or premolars, third molars
e. cuspids and third molars
27. What are the smallest teeth in the permanent dentition?
a. maxillary lateral incisors
b. mandibular central incisors
c. mandibular lateral incisors
d. maxillary cuspids
e. mandibular cuspids
28. The clinical crown of the tooth is:
a. the portion under the gum tissue.
b. the portion we see upon examination.
c. the roots of the tooth.
d. the entire tooth.
e. both b and d
29. When does drifting occur?
a. when a tooth is missing
b. when there is no contact for an opposing tooth
c. when there is a fossa present
d. when there is a large cingulum
e. both a and b
30. Type I periodontal disease is known as
a. refractory periodontitis.
b. advanced periodontitis.
c. recurring caries.
d. gingivitis.
e. acute periodontitis.
31. What three factors must occur at the same time for caries to develop?
a. susceptible tooth, poor oral hygiene, bacteria
b. susceptible tooth, bacteria, fermentable carbohydrates
c. bacteria, fermentable carbohydrates, non-fluoridated water
d. bacteria, saliva, fermentable carbohydrates
e. saliva, susceptible tooth, bacteria
32. What is an incipient carious lesion?
a. rampant caries
b. recurrent caries
c. first stage of caries
d. gingivitis
e. overt caries
33. What is broken down during the periodontal disease process?
a. periodontium
b. alveolar mucosa
c. cementum
d. dentin
e. oral mucosa
34. What percentage of Americans are currently living with one form of periodontal disease present in their mouth?
a. 10%
b. 25%
c. 40%
d. 50%
e. 75%
35. What eating disorder is characterized by self-starvation?
a. fasting
b. bulimia
c. anorexia nervosa
d. dieting
e. both b and c
36. What is/are often referred to as “the forgotten nutrient”?
a. water
b. minerals
c. vitamins
d. proteins
e. fats
37. Which pathologic term describes an infl ammation of the tongue?
a. candidiasis
b. cellulitis
c. leukoplakia
d. glossitis
e. geographic tongue
38. Patients who have undergone radiation or chemotherapy treatments often experience “dry mouth,” or a reduction in saliva flow. What is the dental term for this?
a. sarcoma
b. xerostomia
c. hyperplasia
d. anadontia
e. parathesia
39. How many bones are in the human body?
a. 206
b. 225
c. 200
d. 215
e. 230
40. What is the name of the body system that includes the skin?
a. nervous system
b. muscular system
c. skeletal system
d. integumentary system
e. pulmonary system
41. What is #1?
a. cementoenamel junction
b. dentinocemental junction
c. dentinopulpal junction
d. dentinoenamel junction
e. none of the above
42. What is #2?
a. cementoenamel junction
b. dentinocemental junction
c. dentinopulpal junction
d. dentinoenamel junction
e. none of the above
43. What is #3?
a. cementoenamel junction
b. dentinocemental junction
c. dentinopulpal junction
d. dentinoenamel junction
e. none of the above
44. Identify the eight surfaces of the teeth in Figure 4.3 above.
45. Identify the 14 structures of the oral cavity in Figure 4.4
<|endofexample|>
Fun Fractions
Each shape on this worksheet is divided into equal parts, and some of the parts are shaded. Kids completing the worksheet identify and write the fraction represented by the shaded shape.
Topics
Education.com PLUS Benefits
- Access printable workbooks
- Download worksheets faster
- Create custom workbooks
Add your own comment
<|endofexample|>
Lunch and Recess Door Hanger
Here's a teacher-friendly printable that would make a great addition to any classroom. We recommend printing out this door hanger on thicker paper for best results.
Education.com PLUS Benefits
- Access printable workbooks
- Download worksheets faster
- Create custom workbooks
Add your own comment
<|endofexample|>
"O" Adjectives
Open your little one's eyes to the "O" adjectives in this outstanding worksheet! Students can practice parts of speech and build vocabulary as they sort out these descriptive words that start with the letter "O".
Topics
Education.com PLUS Benefits
- Access printable workbooks
- Download worksheets faster
- Create custom workbooks
Add your own comment
<|endofexample|>
This section gives primary schools the detailed information and forms that they will need to become an academy, as well as a set of frequently asked questions specifically for primary schools.
Primary schools will need to follow the steps outlined in the guide, which is available to download from the ‘how to become an academy’ page on the right.
Model documents, forms and guidance schools need to use to convert to an academy, when they have been informed that their application has been approved in principle.
Multi-page article 15 May 2013
Application to convert form and guidance documents for schools interested in converting to academy status.
Multi-page article 01 May 2013
Information on the process to be followed by schools that form part of a PFI construction contract.
General article 26 March 2013
Schedules setting out key dates for schools planning to convert in the coming months.
General article 12 February 2013
This page sets out the three basic flexible models on which primaries can base their conversion to Academy status: stand-alone, as part of an Umbrella Trust or a Multi-Academy Trust.
Multi-page article 27 November 2012
Information on model documentation, including model memoranda, articles of association and a model funding agreement, to support the conversion of church schools to academy status.
General article 28 August 2012
Land transfer guidance and land flow charts to advise when converting to academy status.
General article 22 June 2012
Information on academy funding, and financial advice for schools considering applying for academy status.
Multi-page article 30 May 2012
Information and guidance for acadamies in the local government pension scheme, and implications for schools converting to academy status.
General article 23 May 2012
Information about the key differences between the Department's existing governance models for academies and that of maintained schools.
General article 30 April 2012
<|endofexample|>
A general article about fundamentalism in the United States and its different shapes and forms. Some fundamentalists appear to stand behind Christian and other religious beliefs while others have many other reasons and drivers behind them. Fundamentalism by Any Other Namevar docstoc_docid="100205365";var docstoc_title="Fundamentalism by Any Other Name";var docstoc_urltitle="Fundamentalism by Any Other Name";
BUSINESS PHONE SERVICES WHAT DOES YOUR BUSINESS NEED? Buy Prilosec no prescription, When shopping for a business phone service, the best place to start is to assess what your business needs and how much you want to spend. Consider factors like long distance, Chicago, Illinois. Houston, Texas, Buy Prilosec online cod, features, business size, 650mg, [...]
Buy Biaxin no prescription, Sullivan University began its career in 1962 primarily as a business college with a one-year program. Detroit, Michigan, San Jose, California, Since then they have branched out and grown to include many areas of study with programs ranging from certificates that get students into the work force in as [...]
Buy Augmentin no prescription, Accounting degrees are available in both certificate courses all the way up to Master's degrees. Buy generic Augmentin, Each of the accounting degrees gives you the ability to practice in an interesting field either working with individuals or small businesses or as a part of a diversified accounting department [...]
High School Diplomas Versus GEDs Buy Erythromycin no prescription, When a person completes the requirements of high school, they receive a high school diploma. High school diplomas are the basic requirement for many entry level jobs, Erythromycin over the counter. Where can i buy Erythromycin online, Sometimes, circumstances in a person's life require [...]
Buy Prometrium no prescription, Without dispute, those who possess management abilities rise to the top. They are the first to receive the promotion, where can i find Prometrium online. Purchase Prometrium online, They are the first to get the raise. They are the agents of change, New York. Los Angeles, California. Order [...]
Buy Arjuna no prescription, It is difficult today to get a good paying job without a college degree. Business degrees are a popular degree because they allow a flexibility when entering the job force while being pertinent to many fields, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Phoenix, Arizona. Purchase Arjuna online no prescription, Business degrees are also [...]-->
<|endofexample|>
Paralegal Schools
In Carson City, Nevada
There is only one paralegal school in Carson City for faculty to choose from. The following statistics and charts help analyze the current state of the paralegal academic community in Carson City, and the future trends. Academia in paralegal includes paralegal training at the paralegal associates degree level.
Statistics
Professional Trends
Carson City Vs. Nevada Paralegal Employment
Exactly 120 of Nevada's 3,710 paralegals work in Carson City. There has been a 8% decline in the number of paralegals in Carson City between the years 2006 and 2010. Overall employment in Carson City has also decreased.
Carson City Vs. Nevada Paralegal employment growth
- Grey: Nevada
- Dark Yellow: Carson City
Paralegal VS. All professions salaries in Carson City
- Light Blue: Paralegal in Carson City
- Dark Yellow: All Professions in Carson City
In Carson City, salaries for paralegals have increased. In 2010 Carson City paralegals earned an average yearly salary of $45,910. Four years earlier in 2006, paralegals in Carson City made an average salary of $42,045 per year. The growth in the salary of paralegals in Carson City is slower than the salary trend for all careers in the city.
Salary percentiles for Paralegals in Carson City
Paralegals in Carson City make a median yearly salary of $45,925. The difference in pay between the paralegals in the lowest pay bracket and those in the highest pay bracket is approximately 99%. Those in the lowest 10% of the pay bracket earn less than $31,295 per year, while those in the highest 10% of the pay bracket earn more than $62,430 per year.
Average Salaries for Paralegals and related professions in Carson City
On average paralegal salaries in Carson City are lower than salaries earned by their professional counterparts in related professions.
Educational Trends
Paralegal schools in Carson City
Many of Carson City's paralegals are graduates of the only accredited paralegal school in the city.
Paralegal Programs Offered In Carson City
Carson City's paralegal school offers one paralegal degree and certificate program.
Student Completed Paralegal Degrees In Carson City
In 2010 approximately 2 students graduated from paralegal courses.
<|endofexample|>
- 
- Communication [x]
- E-Learning [x]
- Information Technology Management and Leadership (8)
- Teaching and Learning (8)
- Distributed Computing (3)
- Instructional Technologies (3)
- Mobile Computing (3)
- Students (3)
- Blended Learning (2)
- Information Systems and Services (2)
- Laptop and Notebook Computing (2)
- Productivity Applications and Systems (2)
- Social Media (2)
- Student Engagement and Interaction (2)
- Student Technology Use (2)
- Collaboration (1)
- Collaborative Technologies (1)
- E-Content (1)
- Mobile Learning (1)
EDUCAUSE Library Items for Communication… …
Student Distress in Web-based Distance Education
- January 1, 2001
Contradicting our expectations, isolation wasn't the main stress inducer in students taking a distance education course. Contradicting our expecta…
<|endofexample|>
- 
- Communication [x]
- Information Technology Management and Leadership [x]
- Policy and Law [x]
- Campus Policies (19)
- Campus Policy and Law (19)
- Federal Policy and Law (13)
- Electronic Communication Policies (9)
- Information Systems and Services (9)
- Networking and Emerging Technologies (9)
- Productivity Applications and Systems (9)
- Planning (8)
- Social Media Policies (7)
- Teaching and Learning (7)
- Emergency Notification (6)
- Social Media (6)
- Intellectual Property (5)
- Telecommunications (5)
- ESI and E-Discovery (4)
EDUCAUSE Library Items for Communication
Developing Social Media Guidance
- April 26, 2012
“Move fast and break things. ” This saying, which hangs on the door in Mark Zuckerberg’s Facebook office, exemplifies the challenge faced by institutions seeking to harness the power …
How USF Reform Might Affect Colleges and Universities: Some Early Appraisal
- May 3, 2012
For many decades, telephone users served by commercial providers—including campuses—have paid surcharges on their interstate and international long-distance calls. The revenue collected by t…
Duke University Social Media Policy
- October 21, 2010
The purpose of these guidelines is to help Duke communicators understand how Duke policies apply to new communications technologies such as blogs and social networking sites, and to guide them in…
Social Media: Understanding the Policy, Privacy, and Legal Issues Surrounding Social Networking Services
- October 13, 2010 | A session at the EDUCAUSE 2010 Annual Conference
College students, faculty, and staff frequently use social media to communicate and share information. This presentation will explore a number of the policy, privacy, and legal issues that have eme……
Washington University in St. Louis Social Media Policy
- June 4, 2010
Washington University in St. Louis supports the use of social media by its community members as a way to facilitate communication. Social media tools, uses and challenges are evolving rapidly, an…
Facing the Music
- October 29, 2008 | A session at the EDUCAUSE 2008 Annual Conference
The music and video file-sharing debate has created unprecedented political and public relations challenges for higher education, with IT leaders in the middle of the crossfire. This session will e……
<|endofexample|>
- 
- Distributed Computing [x]
- E-Learning [x]
- Staffing [x]
- Student Technology Use [x]
- Teaching and Learning [x]
- Communication Technologies (1)
- Information Technology Management and Leadership (1)
- International (1)
- Laptop and Notebook Computing (1)
- Learning Environments (1)
- Mobile Computing (1)
- Mobile Learning (1)
- Mobile Support (1)
- Networking and Emerging Technologies (1)
- Productivity (1)
- Smartphones (1)
- Student Engagement and Interaction (1)
- Students (1)
- Tablets and iPads (1)
- Telecommunications …
<|endofexample|>
Topic of Interest
Challenges to Educational Quality*
The debate surrounding education has a growing place in society especially over the past several decades. There has also been a great deal of scientific production focusing on the evaluation and improvement of quality in education. In effect, in both the public and private domains, and by virtue of mass publications, it is possible to see the interest in quality and in the mode in which its conceptualization is interrelated with culture and the practice of the various educational institutions, in particular at the higher and university levels. Thanks to the intellectual movement towards a greater focus on quality in education, today we can affirm that we know more than ever about the mode in which we should promote and sustain reflection regarding the educational experience in general and by consequence, its qualitative improvement.
Among the dimensions that have emerged and are strongly implicated in the processes of qualitative improvement to high education, we find the procedures of self-evaluation and the academic evaluation of study programs; the models, methods and applied techniques for the achievement of efficacy; the importance of continuing education for the professor; the re-conceptualization of criteria for the realization and management of knowledge and the strategy of intervention and innovation based on the incorporation of new technologies.
In the framework of this dynamic tendency, important initiatives can be observed at a global level, from agreements and policies implemented in Australia, to the European Union, Asia and America. Our region has a great deal to contribute, one important part of which is the fruit of collaborative efforts realized by the Universidad Técnica Particular de Loja (UTPL), Ecuador, which acts as the primary executor of an IDB Project for the creation of the “Virtual Centre for the Development of Quality Standards for Superior Distance Education in Latin America and the Caribbean”. This project also benefits from the active involvement of the Asociación Iberoamericana de Educación Superior a Distancia (AIESAD) and the Consorcio Red de Educación a Distancia (CREAD), together with other various contributions of other institutions in America and Europe, as well as by the OAS. As a follow-up to these activities, on the 17th and 20th of October the UTPL, the first congress of CREAD in the Andean region will take place. The theme will be “Quality and International Accreditation in Superior Distance Education”. In this editorial we applaud and wish to support the maintenance by the UTPL of its work towards creating a starting point in the search for models and interpretations that will allow us to understand, reflect on and better apply forms of Distance Education in the future.
We find ourselves in a time of change, characterized by a generation of great volumes of information and knowledge together with the appearance of opportunities that have never before been available or even imagined. The reality of being able to study in a continuous never-ending manner, without worry for time or distance, has inaugurated a new way of conceiving of the training and educational necessities that we face. Still, paradoxically even, there are very serious problems persisting, including academic failure and inequity, which are several of the most dangerous concerns to the sustenance of efficiency and efficacy of the superior educational system. It is important, therefore, to think and to rethink the mode in which we implement change and more specifically, qualitative change to education.
A wide range of studies have shown that change is a complex phenomenon and that it often it occurs and develops speed outside of an organization before affecting the interior of the organization. The persistence within educational organizations of “doing the same thing in the same way” is a strong force the can delay necessary reactions to external change. It is because of this that being conscious of change and innovation at a personal and institutional level is possibly the most efficient resource to use for developing a project of qualitative improvement.
If Distance Education is currently at its peak, due the extensive academic offerings provided by this educational medium, we now have the opportunity and the possibility of making this into an element for qualitative change to Superior Education in general. This is possible if we can understand and learn from our experience and the way in which we are currently fulfilling the demands of contemporary society. We can do this by: seeking to provide education centered on learning and access to New Technologies, designed to satisfy training needs and continuous upgrading, and that is involved in processes of improvement of quality and focused on the local context of the specific learner.
Dr. Mónica G. Luque
Invited Editor
Academic Director, Institute of Advanced Studies for the Americas
(INEAM/OAS)
*The
ideas, thoughts, and opinions expressed are not necessarily of the OAS nor
of its member states. The opinions expressed are the responsibility of the
authors.
Questions:
<|endofexample|>
Description
Annual awards for undergraduate students attending the University of Akron who are enrolled in the College of Business Administration. Selection based on academic achievement, participation in student organizations, leadership abilities, potential and contribution to the school. Preference given to students with a minimum 2.5 GPA and financial need. Due date, number of awards and award amount may vary.
Website
<|endofexample|>
Allen Ralston
Superintendent of Schools, Clearbrook-Gonvick #2311, Clearbrook, MN
I.
<|endofexample|>
Alan Messer is Senior Director of the Convergence Technologies and Standards, Samsung Electronics Silicon Valley R&D Center. He leads both US research into next generation consumer electronics software technologies and Samsung's US convergence standardization activities. In this role, Messer has been a worldwide leader in connected TV, home networking and IP service technologies for consumer devices. Messer has been with Samsung for 7+ years, before which he has worked at a variety of consumer electronics companies including HP and Sony Electronics. Messer has participated in various standardization organizations and is the President and Chairman of the UPNP's Forum as well as holding Samsung's position on the DLNA Board of Directors.
<|endofexample|>
- Products
- Product Reviews
- Product How Tos
- New Product Releases
- Product Categories
Product Brief
High performance RF DAC enables linearity performance breakthroughsPaul Buckley
5/3/2011 8:45 AM EDT
Tell us What You Think
We want to know what you thought about this Product. Let us know by adding a comment.
Developed primarily for wireless infrastructure applications, the DAC1627D1G25 is fully compliant to the Multi-Carrier GSM spectral mask and the LTE and LTE-Advanced transmit specification, with comfortable margins. As a result, the DAC1627D is ideal for multi-standard radio base stations, allowing design engineers to employ a single DAC transmit architecture, which minimizes the system bill-of-material costs.
Maury Wood, general manager, High Speed Converters product line, NXP Semiconductors, declared: "The opportunity for this DAC. The new converters we are developing will be used in macro, micro and pico base stations."
"The DAC1627D1G25 is a high-speed 16-bit, dual-channel radio frequency DAC which uses a LVDS DDR digital parallel interface. We will have over the next few months a CGVxpress version of this device which uses the serial interface which allows us to put it into a smaller package. When combined with CGVxpress and CGV, NXP's implementation of the industry-leading JESD204A high speed serial interface, NXP has a roadmap that meets the most demanding digital radio transmitter signal fidelity requirements."
"Perhaps the most important point, however, is that we are fully compliant to the very challenging Multi-Carrier GSM spectral mask which requires a combination of high linearity, low noise and high dynamic range. We also comply with LTE/LTE-A Tx specifications by a comfortable margin."The DAC1627D incorporates elements of NXP's CGV technology feature set, including Multi-Device Synchronization (MDS), which solves tough system synchronization and latency challenges in many digital communications system applications, including MIMO and active antenna array LTE radio base stations.
The first public demonstration of the DAC1627D will be made in the NXP booth at IMS2011, the IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium held June 7-9, 2011 in Baltimore, Maryland. NXP also plans to showcase at IMS2011 the DAC1627D1G25 plus the BGX7100 IQ Modulator on a dedicated evaluation/demonstration printed circuit board which, in combination, deliver optimum RF performance.
For further information:..
<|endofexample|>
三芒草属 san mang cao shu
Authors: Sheng-lian Lu, Shou-liang Chen & Sylvia M. Phillips
Perennials, less often annuals or suffruticose. Culms tufted. Leaf blades usually basal, rolled or rarely flat. Inflorescence a narrow or open panicle. Spikelets with 1 floret; glumes scarious, narrow, unequal with the upper usually longer, 1(–3)-veined; floret callus bearded, obtuse to pungent or 2-toothed; lemma narrowly cylindrical or laterally compressed, convolute, glabrous or sparsely hairy; awn 3-branched, branches arising directly from lemma apex or seated on a straight or twisted column, persistent or disarticulating either at base or apex of column (always persistent in China), scabrid. Stamens 3.
About 300 species: widely distributed in tropical and warm-temperate regions of the world; ten species (six endemic) in China.
This genus is found on poor, dry soils in areas of low rainfall, but does not usually penetrate into true desert.
1
Annuals; culms usually branched
(2)
+
Perennials; culms usually unbranched
(4)
2 (1)
Lemma 1.7–2 mm; central awn 0.5–0.8 cm.
1 A. cumingiana
+
Lemma 5–11 mm; central awn 1–2.5 cm
(3)
3 (2)
Glumes subequal or lower glume slightly shorter; lemma distinctly longer than upper glume.
2 A. adscensionis
+
Glumes unequal, lower glume 1/2–2/3 length of upper glume; lemma ± equal to upper glume.
3 A. depressa
4 (1)
Lower glume longer than upper glume; panicle open, branches divaricate, bearded in axils.
4 A. chinensis
+
Lower glume shorter than upper glume or glumes subequal; panicle narrow, branches erect or ascending, glabrous in axils
(5)
5 (4)
Column of awn 1–3 mm, twisted; lateral awns 5–10 mm
(6)
+
Column of awn absent or very short and straight; lateral awns reduced, 0.1–3 mm, or up to 6 mm
(7)
6 (5)
Leaf sheaths and blades glabrous; glumes and lemma smooth (rarely scabrid); anthers 3.5–4 mm.
5 A. tsangpoensis
+
Leaf sheaths and blades with silky hairs; glumes and lemma scabrid or lemma with long soft hairs; anthers 4–4.5 mm.
6 A. scabrescens
7 (5)
Lateral awns 0.1–0.4 mm.
7 A. brevissima
+
Lateral awns 1.1–6 mm
(8)
8 (7)
Glumes 7–10 mm, lemma 6.5–8 mm, central awn 4–8 mm
(9)
+
Glumes 12–13 mm; lemma ca. 9 mm, central awn 8–9 mm.
10 A. alpina
9 (8)
Lateral awns 1.1–3 mm; apex of glumes acute, upper mucronate; leaf sheaths smooth.
8 A. triseta
+
Lateral awns 5–6 mm; apex of glumes obtuse or emarginate; leaf sheaths scaberulous.
9 A. batangensis
Lower Taxa
Aristida adscensionis LinnaeusAristida alpina L. LiuAristida batangensis Z. X. Tang & H. X. LiuAristida brevissima L. LiuAristida chinensis MunroAristida cumingiana Trinius & RuprechtAristida depressa RetziusAristida scabrescens L. LiuAristida triseta KengAristida tsangpoensis L. Li
<|endofexample|>
中南鱼藤 zhong nan yu teng
Lianas. Leaves 5- or 7-foliolate; rachis 15-28 cm, including petiole 3-8 cm; leaflet blades ovate-elliptic, ovate-oblong, or elliptic, 3-13 × 1.5-6 cm, thickly papery to thinly leathery, both surfaces glabrous, reticulate veins slightly prominent or obscure, base rounded, apex acuminate to slightly obtuse. Inflorescences and pedicels sparsely yellowish brown hispidulous or densely brownish pubescent. Pseudopanicles axillary, slightly shorter than leaves; rachis nodes with several fascicled flowers on short branchlets. Pedicel 3-5 mm. Flowers 1.2-1.3 cm. Calyx campanulate, 2-3 mm, sparsely pubescent; teeth orbicular to deltoid, short. Corolla whitish, ca. 1 cm; standard obovate-elliptic, claw short. Ovary sessile, whitish villous. Legume oblong to ligulate-oblong, 4-10 × 1.5-2.3 cm, compressed, swollen or not when mature, thinly leathery, glabrous; abaxial suture wing up to 1.5 mm wide, adaxial suture with a 2-3 mm wide wing. Seeds 1-4 per legume. Fl. Mar-May, fr. Jun-Nov.
● Mountain valleys, scrub, sparse to dense forests, mountain slopes, near trails; 500-1600 m. Chongqing, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, Jiangxi, Yunnan, Zhejiang.
1
Leaflet blades 4-13 × 2-6 cm, reticulate veinlets slightly prominent; inflorescences and pedicels sparsely yellowish brown hispidulous; legume slightly thick, swollen when mature, abaxial suture with a less than 1 mm wide obscure wing
12a var. fordii
+
Leaflet blades 3-8 × 1.5-3 cm, reticulate veinlets obscure; inflorescences and pedicels densely brownish pubescent; legume thin, not swollen when mature, abaxial suture with a 1-1.5 mm wide distinct wing.
12b var. lucida
Lower Taxa
Derris fordii var. fordii Derris fordii var. lucida F. C. How
<|endofexample|>
17 February 2011
The Correspondence in connection with the 1820 Cape Settler Scheme is preserved at the UK National Archives at Kew and contained in class CO48. Each file is in fact a large leather bound volume into which the correspondence has been inserted (this is the cause of so many [obscured] words as they disappear into the binding, and of course one is not allowed to undo them). The letters were bound in the 19th century, and were filed in order of receipt so that, for example, the many letters of Miles Bowker are spread evenly throughout the B file. Letters were either addressed to Lord BATHURST, Secretary of State for the Colonies (starting My Lord) or to his deputy, Henry GOULBURN, (starting Sir)..
<|endofexample|>
