Apple reportedly orders 10 million iPad mini’s ready for fourth quarter release
Apple has reportedly placed orders for around 10 million iPad mini tablets according to The Wall Street Journal. The information on the huge order quantity number comes from various Apple supply chain vendors in the Asia region who claim to have received orders specifically for the iPad mini..
Apple already owns the majority of the tablet space with the current iPad but there is definitely a small chunk of that market looking for a slightly smaller or cheaper tablet; especially if it comes with all the features of the current iPad. For some buyers, the current entry price point for an iPad of around $500 is a little too high, for others it is the 9.7-inch size which puts them off. If Apple addresses both of these issues with the iPad mini then it could well be game over for everyone else.
The rumor mill has certainly gone a little quiet regarding the iPad mini over the past few weeks however we expect that to start building again very soon. We have already heard that the iPad mini is in mass production from another source and we expect it to be formally announced sometime this month.
Source: The Wall Street Journal
There are 18 comments. Add yours.
If the iPad Mini is in full production, shouldn't there be a lot of leaks by now? I mean, they are producing 10 million of them. That is a big production line. Look at the huge number of iPhone leaks.
There are leaks. You're not looking good enough.
But, I didn't have to look for iPhone leaks. When this stuff hits the web, you don't have to look for it, it is on many sites. I've seen all the previous info.
K
I know it's Apple, but if all the rumors are true with non-retina, ~8", 4:3 aspect, etc, I'm still surprised at those numbers. I'm wondering if they are planning a cut-throat price to go head to head with Amazon and Google?
Should be interesting. After all I never saw the appeal in the original iPad and look what they did with that.
I'd love to see this @ $199-$249 but I don't see it. I personally think it'll be $349. That is unless it has no retina, limited memory (8gb/16gb), & the A4 processor.
I would love to see it at that price point also but, it would not fit into the iPod Touch pricing. It doesn’t seem logical to price an iPad Mini for less than the entry point of an iPod Touch. But… it is NOT Apple’s style to release a stripped down version of any product just to bring the price down. It will be a dark day for Apple to do something like that.
The new iPod Touch starts at $299 with 32GB and the iPhone's display. If this has 8GB at the entry level, and a non-retina display, it can have the A5 internals and I think it could be $249. It could even start at $279. I am pretty sure Apple has used $...79 prices before. Anyway, if what has been on the web is true, this is supposed to be a thin and light device. I don't know if they can get the GPU power and the requisite battery required to drive a Retina display that size in a really thin and light form factor. Apple has a priority in maintaining battery life and touch performance.
When was the last time you saw Apple put out a budget device like that? Apple is the premium brand and there is no way they're changing that now. This thing is going to be $350 at the very least, probably $399.
Apple charges a rather consistent margin over the cost of components. ~25% to ~%40. Usually, they are at the lower end of the spectrum for the cheaper products and at the higher end for, well, the iPhone. If the components are similar to the ones being rumoured, then $399 would be well over 100% mark up. That is not going to happen. The most likely price will be $299. But, I personally hope for $249.
You mean it's not like apple to charge aggressive prices. Apple only sells it products at full retail markup. Other companies offer more bang for the buck because they don't charge the margins that Apple does. Not saying it hasn't been good for them, but the only Apple product I'll buy is the phone which is discounted by the carriers. The laptops and iPads are over priced and over hyped.
You may consider the products over priced and over hyped, but I like that they have built the long term stability of the company into the price of the product. I also appreciate that warranty work is usually easy to get and they are sometimes generous with it. There are some trade offs for the price.
There is absolutely no way it is going to be in the $200 range. The best you can hope for is that it'll be in the mid-$300 range but I think we're looking at a $399 product.
No retina = FAIL
Why, because everyone with 1/2 a brain knows vr 1.2 6 months from now will have retina and won't buy it.
GPU resources at that resolution would be prohibitive to battery life and heat. It can't happen until the processing power is ready. At Retina resolution (same as iPad 3), you are looking at 3 to 4 times the number of pixels as the iPhone 5. Something would have to give. The trade off is going to be thin and light for lower resolution.
good
After all I never saw the appeal in the original iPad
veri nice good
<|endofexample|>
Cellular/LTE iPad mini and iPad 4 now available at carrier and retail stores in the U.S. [Updated]
>>IMAGE!
There are 23 comments. Add yours.
It's amazing how slow their 3G is.
my co-worker's half-sister made $19188 past month. she works on the internet and bought a $322200 home. All she did was get lucky and work up the advice leaked on this site ~~ bing30,com ~~
Guess that means that if she were whole she would have nailed-down 38,376!! Woo hoo,
Why aren't these spammers blocked?
Amen to that!
Actually, Verizon tweeted about it an hour ago.
Been to Apple Store and they are only taking in store pickups there for the LTE mini. Went to 2 VZW stores and neither had any in stock but can order them. Now I'm outside of bestbuy waiting to see if they have any..
Wow. "iPas Mini"?
Could you at least proof-read the headlines? I mean, the typos in the body are just so horribly abundant that I guess I shouldn't be surprised that they show up in the headlines, but still. It's like a 30-point font. How could you not notice that and fix it?
If only this site had an actual Editor. Oh, wait. They do, and he makes more typos than anyone else.
Best buy didn't have any either. I even tried calling local sprint and AT&T stores. No carrier stores have them, best buy doesn't nor does Apple Store. I was planning on returning my wifi model today and getting a LTE model but it looks like that may not happen. It's possible the delivery trucks may arrive after noon so ill check back.
There is always wifi hotspot for that.
The Apple Store at Montgomery Mall in Bethesda, MD (right outside of D.C.) has not received any. So disappointed!
The Apple Store at Montgomery Mall in Bethesda, MD (right outside of D.C.) has not received any. So disappointed!
I can't get to my local AT&T store until lunch, so I went online and ordered one just in case I can't pick one up locally. The AT&T website is saying a delivery time of 7-14 days, but if that's the only way I can get the $100 discount I'll wait.
I just bought one of the 16GB LTE ones on Apple.com for in-store pickup bec I was afraid there would be too long of a wait and it's a gift for my MIL for bday/xmas and we'll be with her next week. It says IN STOCK in all the stores surrounding us here so hopefully it really is. Otherwise I might have to change it to a store near her.
I just ordered mine from website for in-store pick up. Didn't want to risk being out of stock.
The Verizon Store in Reston, VA had a line outside of it...but once we got in they told us they didn't have any in stock, they could only order it.
Went by my local AT&T store. No iPad Mini in stock, so went ahead and ordered one so I could get the $100 discount. Also got activation fee waived on our corporate discount! Stated delivery in 7-14 days, but I'm hoping for something much quicker.
-- Went to local Apple Store, was surprised to see a line. They said they had the 64GB AT&T mini model in stock, and sent me to the line (No. 3 in line). Went inside, nope, didn't have it. "Sorry about the mixup." They did have the Verizon and Sprint models, but didn't want those.
-- Went to two local AT&T stores, "Nope, no minis. Won't have any for another week." I asked if they'd sold out already, they said, "No, haven't received any."
-- Local Best Buys (two of the them) also, none in stock, not sure when they're coming. So no luck here between 9:30 and 11:30 this morning. After all that running around, I remembered why I enjoy shopping on the internet so much more than going to a store. :) (I know, I should have called first.)
None in Miami either, called 3 AT&T stores and 2 Apple stores and nothing... FAIL
no one going to beleive this....
I'm in San Antonio and I've looked all over town today and found nothing, nada, zip.
I have one on order and got my shipping notification today (originally I was to get it 11-21) but shipping says 11-23 and FedEx says 11-26. What a boondoggle this is turning out to be!
I swapped my 3rd gen iPad LTE 16GB for a 4th gen iPad LTE 32GB today!
Got mine yesterday (ipad4 lte)
Why are they so much! I was hoping for a subsidized price but instead they are over $100 more. Think I'll stick with my wifi only model and use hotspot since I always have my phone with me anyway. Sorry Sprint so sale here.
<|endofexample|>
Rush Limbaugh loves iMore!
Today on his talk show Rush Limbaugh was asked to name some of his favorite tech sites, and guess which site he named first? You're absolutely right, our very own iMore! Here's the excerpt from Limbaugh's blog:.
Thank you! For the complete transcript, check out the link below.
Source: Rush Limbaugh
There are 170 comments. Add yours.
Was just about to make a forum thread on this. Heard it today while at work.
i don't think that is an endorsement you want lol
Explain please.
Because Rush is disliked by many people. Some would consider his endorsement to be a negative.
Personally, I think Rush is a nut, but I don't know much about him. Recognition from a high-profile figure like that is always very cool though, and him mentioning the site can only help the community grow, in my opinion.
Grow the community with fringe, right wing ditto heads? That will be great for imore. / sarc
I can't disagree, but more people means more revenue, which means more contests and giveaways and cool stuff!
We can only hope there isn't a huge influx of Rush Followers, but judging from a lot of these comments, a lot of them are already here. I'll try to keep looking on the bright side though haha.
Im usually a lurker. Have been for about two years now but this app makes it crazy NOT to post. But with all that said i may not agree with Rush on his political views but atleast he has good taste in tech
You are right about the app. I am posting more than ever.
You'd be surprised how many of us have been here for quite some time, and how much better we get along if we aren't calling each other names. /notatallsarc
If you like Rush so much why don't you listen to his show?
You're kidding,right?!
And a shout out to The Beard as well, our Mobile Nations community is hitting it big with people, awesome! Let's make it bigger, let's make it everyone's go to hub for all things tech!
thats awesome how a genius like that got some of his inspiration from a awesome website just imagine what if that was steve jobs if he never had known about imore then he wouldnt have inspirition that lead to apple which led to pixar which lead to other people inventions. so imagine if rush limbaugh gets his inspiration from he what if someone else get his inspiration from rush who known maybe that person can be the next steve jobs
Things I can't:
1. Even
HAHA! +1
You are *PROUD* to be mentioned by Rush Limbaugh? Time to find a new web site...
More listeners than any other talk radio show in the country. What's not to be proud of?
I'm sorry, I didn't know that the entire Internet required any of its denizens to be liberal progressives. I must have missed that memo when I applied....
"Oh no, the owner of this site likes someone who's political views I don't agree with. Time to hate them!"
The owner of this site apparently has no idea who Limbaugh even is, only that he has a lot of mindless drones listening to him.
This is not a liberal-conservative thing. The man is an insensitive racist. Not exactly role-model material.
It just seems to me that any company that would be proud to be associated with someone as divisive as he is might want to reconsider their position if they don't want to risk alienating a portion of their customers.
A portion is going to be alienated regardless of position. Rush just tells it like it is, and liberals can't stand it.
If making crap up, falsifying information and spinning people into hysterics is telling it like it is - please shut that garbage off.
So true, while publicity is always good, Rush Limbaugh is a racist, far far right wing propagandist. Interesting to see there are so many people here that are fans or are duped by his BS.
Please link directly to a reliable source that supports this claim.
>>>The man is an insensitive racist.
Liberal meme. You sound like "other cell phone platform" zealots who come here having never touched Apple products just to tell us how wrong we are for finding Apple products actually meet our needs quite well.
Me thinks you don't know what a meme is.
Rush Limbaugh is a pill popping, polarizing, blabbering bag of shit. Fact. Not exactly someone who you want an endorsement from.
I'm fully cognizant of what a meme is. And you are equally guilty of perpetuating a false one with your profane tirade.
Lol little sensitive in defending Rush I see. Funny.
Funny is you. Not really. Bigotry is unbecoming.
There are plenty of good people out there is this world to listen to, pretending a vile racist like Limbaugh isn't one, only makes me question those that still support him.
Why must you inject racism into discourse when you don't hear what you want? Seems to be a pretty common denominator for a lot of people. Assume racism regardless of context and loudly force that opinion on others huh?
Right - Im a bigot because I cant stand a bigot. And sorry -throwing a hissy fit because someone is insulting your favorite show is silly. Relax - you can still be in his fan club with his secret code ring. LOL... and iMore mad you a modertaor? ROFL!
Edit: BTW, Olan Mills called - they want their avatar back. =p
It's pretty obvious where the sensitivities lie with your aggressive language and tone. Sounds like you might be getting ready to hurt some people. Maybe we should have you checked out? It is for the good of the collective if you get a psyche eval.
"Insensitive racist"? Ha! Rush is not racist; insensitive or otherwise.
Only in bizzaro world..
With the Progressive Liberal Socialist Left it sure is A Bizzaro World you live in. But hey never said I had the corner on Crazy and you all just prove it.
Sad part is for as much as he drives you all nuts he will be laughing all the way to the Bank. That's the part that truly screws up their minds.
Oh BTW have a nice life.:-)
Please link directly to a reliable source that supports this claim.
(edited to clarify request was directed at redbeard)
Whether you agree politically or not, being mentioned by Rush can only make more traffic for imore. I personally want to see the site grow, don't you? I mean, I personally think the huffington post is crap, but I would be happy if they were asked about a tech site they loved and imore was the first one mentioned.
I love Rush and I love iMore! Two of my favorites coming together! He's always been a huge Apple fan and its great to know his favorite site is mine too.
Pretty cool I believe. Yeah Rush isn't necessarily but I listen to the guy all the time and he is pretty big and this is good I believe.
Just to head off childish political squabbles before they happen: I live in Canada. I don't get American radio. Frankly, Amercian politics are opaque to me. We have like 8 parties, a non-elected senate, and Quebec makes Canada seem sane by comparison.
Not everything is political (shocking, I know). If someone loves a certain sports team, brand of ice-cream, or the Avengers more than the JLA, that can exist outside their political beliefs. Dessert and comic books, like iMore, are inclusive and for everyone.
One thing I am really happy about: If we're arguing over radio show hosts, we've fixed so many other problems that we should consider ourselves really, really lucky.
(Kind of like when we argue about the word "pasta" being allowed on menus in Quebec!)
Well said.
That said, you should still be aware that Rush Limbaugh is a profoundly divisive and polarizing figure. This isn't merely arguing over a radio host: Limbaugh is widely considered on both left and right to have set the agenda for the conservative movement, and a great many people believe that he is a major figure in shaping the political discourse in America. It's really a bigger deal than you seem to think. I'm not saying you should be ungracious when a celebrity or public figure endorses the site; acknowledging such praise is a fine thing and does you credit. However, you should be aware if the guy you're thanking is someone reviled by many and considered a racist and sexist and bigoted ass. I merely bring this to your attention so you understand the context of the objections you see here.
Thanking someone indicates nothing more or less than that we were raised manners.
Ironically, something that Rush does NOT have. Typically, anyway.
Thanking him directly is mannerable. Thanking him publicly and advertising his endorsement is closer to bragging and second-cousin to reciprocation.
It should be no surprise that this reaction would follow - especially considering, as the commenter said, what a divisive figure Mr. Limbaugh is.
Either way, congrats on what I assume was national recognition.
We do this with every major media outlet that mentions or features us, from CNN to NPR to G4. (I think Howard Stern once? Might have been Android Central?)
It would worry me if we started to try and judge the relative merits of large scale media properties. Blanket policies kind of protect everyone involved. No agendas that way (other than thanking people for promoting us.)
I don't think you've got an agenda. I just think the response was predictable - especially since CNN is a collective of journalists while Limbaugh is kind of a one man show.
There is an added level of ...separation between his methods and that of certain other journalistic entities. That may sound like Partisan-man talking but I think it's more like pointing out the difference between a newspaper and a tabloid.
And as a semi-public figure, its a good thing to stay on his good side. Say something he disagrees with, and the next thing you know he'll be equating you with Hitler.
You posting about Rush Limbaugh may not be politically motivated, but If you don't know that Rush Limbaugh is political I don't know what to say. It's not a brand of ice cream or a movie. He's by definition a political talk show host. You're not responsible for the stuff he says but he's political.
How many Canadian political commentators do you know well? :)
Fair point, which applies to my comment, as well.
Who cares if people like him or not? Not everyone likes everyone but it's still cool that he mentioned iMore.com as a site he enjoys reading.
This is true. IMore is a popular site And this is a good indication that Mobile Nations has managed to do things well enough to get this kind of main stream recognition.
For that, I congratulate the team.
Congratulations.
Rush's endorsement doesn't help...
Hey, free press is good press. Congrats Rene
And iMore crew. Apparently the iMore app cuts off comments with the "and" sign in them.
Wow!0, Congrats!. That's cool to be acknowledge for great work.
Lol, I hate Rush Limbaugh for a variety of reasons, but would you just look at all the comments on this post? Clearly he has been good for iMore business. And that is never a bad thing. Lol
Excellent Rene. I am very happy for you and the entire staff the makes iMore run with you as the Captain of the ship. CONGRATS!
Gross.
"Rush Limbaugh loves iMore!"
...and who doesn't? :-D
I know, right?!
Nice PR.
Rush is finally right about something!
See -- this, people! This!
If you don't like the guy, at least now there's something you can agree on!
The most listen to radio talk show in the US endorsed iMore...that's awesome. Left or Right we all love iMore!!
I feel sorry for the Communists, Anarchists, Democrats and Socialists that are getting upset because of this post.
You people are acting like Rene was happy that Charles Manson endorsed iMore.
Rush Limbaugh is like any other radio host that is right on some things, wrong on others. Either way, iMore gets a more diverse audience.
Get a life, Leftists.
+1
+ 1,000,000
Spoken like a true ditto head!
You are a great example of our failing education system.
+infinity
You mean the failing education system that is run by Orthodox Christians, Hardline Republicans, Right-Wingers, and Libertarians?
...oh wait, sorry, THAT failing education system you speak of is run by Communists, Leftists, Socialists, and the rest of the Rainbow coalition that you can see festering at every college campus.
Leave it to a reich winger to trivialize a college education simply because higher education does not teach about intelligent design in physics class. LOL! There's a reason you clowns are fading away. Get smacked in the presidential election - lose house and senate seats. And the funniest thing of all - the clowns who lead your party think they lost because they arent fringe enough and should be more conservative?!?! WTF. Good luck winning any election going forward.
Lets take away the votes of the people not on government support Nd see who actually won.
Because someone doesn't hold the same political and social belief system as you has nothing to do with the education system. Unless you mean this person failed to be indoctrinated in the progressive education system. So apparently someone else's beliefs weren't forced hard enough on people for you? Spoken like a true Fascist.
What a douche. I'd tell you to stop participating in the destruction of this country by pitting American against American, but then...nah, shut up.
Yes, democrats belong in the same category as anarchists and communists. Step slowly away from the talk radio.
Its not his political views that are the most offensive thing about him, right-wingers deserve a say as much as anyone. Its that he is basically a self-parody at this point, with an act designed to incite hate and fear in his listeners. He acts like what he's doing is for some greater good to the country, but all he's really trying to do is amass a loyal army of semi-paranoid and insecure people who need to hear his reassuring voice interspersed with advertisements every day.
That's OK too, but its when people take this form of political entertainment seriously, and actually believe that the president is a nazi or wants to kill your grandmother, it becomes a problem.
I usually hang out on Android Central but stopped in after checking out Crackberry and the launch of the Z10 today. No iphone but tons of Apple gear. I may have to stop in more often now that I know Rush is a fan! He was using Apple gear when most of us thought Apple was a fruit company like Forrest did.
Are you kidding... they would be ok with Charles Manson endorsing imore...
Lol you're actually right. The average Leftist would be happier with a serial killer endorsing iMore than any right-wing talk host, which goes to show you the depravity of Cultural Marxism.
LOL says lots about Rush that people would rather see an endorsement by a serial killer than him. You right wing nazi's would be happy too.
LOL! Conservatives can barely spell Marxist much less tell you why calling every democrat a marxist is complete silliness. I see you repeatedly calling people sociliasts, marxists and facists. Which is it? Cant be all of them.
But wait! According to what I learned from rush they are all the same thing! I didn't attend a university because they are for elite liberal Marxist fascists, so all my facts come from radio.
I bet Rush'll be amused when he reads all the vitriol from the leftist posters who've obviously never listened to him and just go by what they've heard about him on MSNBC. Hilarious!
Congrats to Rene and iMore for the recognition. 20 million people just heard about your site!
I don't need to listen to more than a few minutes of old Sen. McCarthy tapes to know what a moron he was and how dangerous he was to this country. But then again, I have a high IQ.
Yikes. You'd learn something from the man if you actually listened, because he was quite right.
Rush is a lot of things. Right isnt one of them.
Thats like me spewing that Rachel Maddow is right - would you accept that? At least she has a college education and isnt a druggy.
Oh great. Let's see if maybe we can get Sarah Palin or Ann Coulter on board... Crazies come in three, right?
It would be ironic since Ann Coulter once referred to Canada as America Jr. Would you like her support too Rene?
And the left wing sociopaths are out in force at the very mention of Rush Limbaugh. The histrionics & panic that are created at the drop of a hat when Rush's name comes up are always comical.
Looks like you're suffering from projection..
Pretty sad..
Exactly...can liberals even afford Apple products :) :) :)
They mostly buy them to look rich and hip in front of other Liberals.
Just another thing that Rush told the truth about.
Rush loves Apple - where else would he go for great information!
I love Rush. He is a very bright man and should be admired by all.
Sincerely,
Gary Jones, Grand Dragon of the KKK.
Ladies and gentlemen, your average Leftist, so devoid of creativity and morality that he could only think to name himself after a mentally-ill pornstar.
As for the KKK, they hate Rush. Rush is a sellout to them.
As opposed to naming yourself a city? Yes - you truly are a creative person aintcha. Sorry - tried to make it sound all stupid and folksy like Palin - did you understand? LOL
Wow, had me going there Jenna. Was convinced you were the recently deceased Democrat Senator Robert Byrd, Grand Kleagle of the KKK.
(edited for clarity)
Rush, Fox News, CNN, MSNBC, etc. all have it wrong-- it's not a about right/left wing. A bird needs two wings to fly. Our nations focus should always be about the well-being of all its citizens (racists included).
I don't like the guy personally; but the again I don't like anyone that lumps people together based on pre-determined prejudices based on color, social standing or economic backgrounds. But I can still appreciate the fact that a site I love and frequent has gotten national recognition from a show that has such a following as his.
So rock on iMore!!!
"Polarizing" is correct, but that's to be expected and is 100% fine. Political philosophies are just inherently that way, and it's the push/pull of them is what we need. I'd be more concerned if one viewpoint completely took over and ruled for an extended period of time. The time of the lefties will pass and the righties will come back, and vice versa. It's the natural biorythym we all love.
That said, the guy is FAR from racist and labeling him as such is completely evil. while I'm sure many actually believe it to be the case (and why wouldn't they, we have a steady diet of people treating it as fact), but others would say it simply to demonize the guy. Politically right to the core? Absolutely. Racist? You got to be kidding.
Worst blogpost in the history of iMore. Just what imore needs: more irrational zealots. Well there's always Tuaw, The Unofficial Apple Weblog.
The irrational zealots are already here it seems, looking at the degenerates who are getting upset at Rene for simply thanking somebody for more readers.
LOL Because if Rene received props from Rachel Maddow you wouldnt be on here spewing right wing, nazi hate speech. Whoops - too late.
Oh Lord people, give me a break. Who really cares? Does Rush liking the site make it anymore less of a great site? A celebrity likes the site, good for the imore team. If you stopped visiting a website because Rush or any other celebrity said they liked it (and have no affliation with it) then you are an idiot.
You are surprised? People on the left claim the title of tolerance but are anything but when you disagree with their viewpoint. Several posts here show that and everyone but the left knows it. It's a tech site people. Limbaugh has given away more Apple gear that most of you own. What have you done?
Gotta go watch zero dark thirty on my ipad 4!
America! FUCK YEAH!!
And how many responses from THE LEFT do NOT "show that"?
Do those factor into your conclusion or are you as intolerant as the finger you're pointing?
I am a lot of things but intolerant is not one of them. Just pointing out the facts. Look at which posts call names, etc. And nobody on the left reigns them in. We can agree to disagree. I would have no problem watching Rachel Maddow in fact, my college aged daughter likes to watch her. I would have no problem with anyone endorsing imore. I can think for myself.
And who has reined in the Rush supporters who have gone too far? How many of the more moderates posts were by "The Left" but got no credit from you or those like you, as being equally representative of the other side?
Hell, I acknowledged one of Rene's points with regard to my own comments and those like mine. But that doesn't stop your side from painting us all with the same brush, without similarly judging your own side.
I mean, really, how many conservative extremists in this conversation have YOU "rein[ed] in"?
I may not have agreed with the other side's point of view, but I stand behind the WAY that I disagreed with them.
If anything is wrong with discussions like this, it's not THAT we disagree but HOW we express that disagreement.
Hopefully, we can agree on that.
I do not really have a side. Help me out. If you really think the name calling etc on this article have been even close to equal you have made my point. Almost all the name calling on this blog has been one sided. I saw one post calling Sandra Fluke a whore. All post should be moderate so why should moderate posts from the left be applauded? Because they are rare? A first year law school graduate from Georgetown averages $165,000 a year. She can buy her own birth control. Now that she is earning and getting hit with taxes, let's see if she changes her tune. I make a very good living and do not expect the government to do anything for me except protect us from invasion and to stay out of my way- not too much to ask for the amount my wife and I pay to the federal treasury.
But no, I did not condone Rush calling her slut or any name calling period. Where is the left when people call Sarah Palin the "c" word or make fun of her special needs son? Yeah crickets! As the father of two daughters, it turned my stomach.
Leftists are a depraved bunch that wouldn't let a Christian dial 9/11 for them if they were bleeding out on the street. They're more intolerant than the people they demonize.
LOL How come when anyone calls a right wing nazi out on being a bigot - the first thing they say is they are intolerant? Yes yes - I am intolerant of bigots. Which makes me a bigot against bigots.
Holy sh!t. Look at this masterpiece of hyperbole.
I'm a republican, and I'll continue to read iMore in spite of Limbaugh's endorsement
You must be an actual conservative and not a neo-con monkey like we've seen post. Good for you sir. Please try and restore some sense to your party. They have been hijacked.
Excellent, politics aside it's awesome to be endorsed by one of the largest names in radio...
That being said, I love Rush, good for you Rene!
Who's Rush Limbaugh?
Congrats on the Z10 Kevin! Almost checked it out at ATT today but had a dental appointment...ouch...
Thanks!! Go check it out tomorrow.
He's a shill that works for the powers that be to pit Americans like the froth-mouthed Leftists against the equally obedient Right-Wing to form a neverending, destabilizing battle between the two, while the top brass gets away with murder and theft of every country in the world.
It's like Fox News: which is controlled-opposition to CNN.
Kevin,
You dont know who Rush is because you dont have the decisive, hate filled political rhetoric we have here in the states where right wingers put gun reticals up over other politicians districts and call for second amendment solutions to things or think only certain types of rapes are legitimate rapes.
You should thank your lucky stars Canada politics isnt like the states.
Rush is RIGHT!
Rush is Reich!
Fixed.
Wow you don't sound biased whatsoever...both ends of the spectrum are full of nut jobs.
Thanks RUSH now I know about imore -- never heard of it before -- aloha imore!
Good grief. With so many advertisers dropping their ad spend from Rush's show (even BP of poisoning-the-Gulf fame!), for you to be proud of this is insane....
Wow, you're proud of some odd things Rene.
I don't see Rene putting ads on Limbaugh's show, do you?
No matter what you think about Limbaugh, iMore just got more readers from that mention, and Rene probably will see the stats show an uptake in readership, which is a good thing for anybody who frequents this site.
The fact that you guys can't see this and just say "oh good" shows that you're as crazed as the other side you hate.
No, I don't see that, which is why I didn't say that.
For Rene to be proud to be mentioned by Limbaugh, who has driven off advertisers who don't want to be associated with his baseless attacks and lies speaks volumes about the man.
But I guess you think Sandra Fluke had it coming?
You were implying that Rene was putting himself in a bad spot since nobody wants to be seen advertising with Rush, which is entirely different from what Rene was trying to do, which is thank Rush for the boost in readership.
Oh and I just looked up this Sandra Fluke you were talking about since I had no idea what you meant and no, my tax dollars aren't going towards subsidizing women's birth control, so yeah, she is a degenerate for even suggesting that. If some little whore wants to get laid for free, she better think twice and get a job to pay for it. The state should be supporting women if they become good mothers to healthy, intelligent children, not supporting women who think they have a right to an unlimited supply of pills and condoms for their mindless one-night stands.
And your rant is enough for me to see why Rush is your hero.
Good day.
Never listened to Rush in my life. Nice rebuttal by the way. You really showed me, lol.
"lol". Oh dear.
You don't really deserve a rebuttal. Misogynists usually don't.
Again, good day.
There's a difference between a misogynist and a realist. Nobody has the right to birth control.
Despite that same birth control medicine having actual medicinal value outside of birth control. You do realize women take birth control p;ills for things other than birth control right? LOL Do you even know any women ffs?
Dude, get educated. Are you telling me it is OK for you to have your Viagra covered by medical insurance so that pathetic thing you call "the little fireman" gets a chubby, yet birth control isn't? Stop before you right......better yet, go away. You can't be that stupid.
Most of these comments are impenetrable to me -- probably like me rattling off a bunch of Canadian controversies to you. (Pastagate? Mr. TPS?)
I'm proud of iMore. Everything else is baggage people brought here, and has nothing to do with me or this site.
I appreciate everyone who reads, listens, or watches us. I appreciate your time and attention. I value it more than anything else. If all you have in common is your enthusiasm for Apple's products, that's enough for me. Every other belief and viewpoint is your business. I don't think anyone wants me or us to start arbitration on that. :)
We link back to every major media mention of the site. I don't recall it ever being problematic until now. But if we hadn't done it, and someone noticed, and made a stink about it, wouldn't that be equally problematic? Wouldn't that be called out as biased, or an agenda, or whatever else people get accused of?
I thank everyone for their feedback, I just really don't know what to do about the incredible extremism of it :-/
I'm just gonna crack open a Stella and watch some Corner Gas and call it a day!
Stella Artois is from Belgium :)
I know that, I just don't have anything else in the fridge!
Just ignore it, really. Nothing you can say will ease the minds of those who have always had an agenda. I just hope this thread is a lesson to the apolitical types who think they should be choosing one of the "sides" fed to them by the media.
Rush is the man!
Closer to two men actually
Congrats! Heard it today.
It's a shame he is such a polarizing figure. At least he had good taste in tech sites. :-)
This.
Whoops! I posted a comment before reading everything I needed to. My mistake; hopefully it won't occur again.
I'm Australian so, like Rene, this guy is only a name to me and I don't care about the controversies (frankly, half of what comes out of America, left or right, sounds nutty to most of the rest of the world). But hey, I heartily agree with him! iMore is one of 3 or 4 tech sites I frequent and because of their judicious reporting the only one I really trust. If a rumour is not on iMore I'm confident it's just hot air - the smelly kind. Congratulations Rene and the iMore team.
I love iMore as much as the next guy, but I have absolutely no use for Mount Rushmore. He is the biggest P...Of...S in the world. Congrats to Rene and staff being mentioned on a national radio show; this should help with traffic. Too bad the show means little to people in the US unless they like to hear someone's child-like agenda, day, after day, day after day.
Don't listen to all the negativity Rene, there is a lot of ignorance out there. The fact is Rush has the most listened to talk show in America and has had for years. Usually averages over 14 million listeners per week. Now maybe you will get the number 2 most listened to talk show in America to mention iMore, that would be Sean Hannity. Keep up the good work!
Rene I hope you see now just a little bit the craziness that comes with anything about American politics. Rush is no more radical than leftist commentators who have advocated for the assassination of political leaders they don't agree with. It might be a good idea to check on these facts before you post news like this again. Note I'm not saying don't post it. Just be aware of the ridiculous outcry to follow.
Look at it this way. Apple, like most all tech companies by the way, is a very leftist leaning organization. It is by matter of their location in states like California (Commifornia you might say) that these companies align themselves this way. But if a large portion of Apple's customer base knew that a lying, racist adulterer like Al Gore was on Apple's board, you can guarantee they'd not be Apple customers. Now Al Gore can be all those things if he wishes. Such is the price freedom commands. But Apple would take a financial hit if it was widely known. Lucky for them few people pay attention to the makeup of corporate boards.
See how easy it is?
No diss to Rene to iMore. But for those who DO know about Limbaugh but don't expect him to divide a geek nation like this, take another look.
Sure, there are extreme people on both sides but let's keep in-mind what it is that people are reacting to. The man makes outrageous comments for the ratings and exposure. Whatever his political leanings, he is too close to a shock jock for those familiar with him to act like this is proof of liberal, left, or Lucille Ball's "intolerance."
That's too close to a pet peeve of mine - when people blame the person who is hitting back instead of the one who started the fight.
It's too bad that iMore is in the middle of it, but this should blow over soon. Plenty of iMore users will never click on this discussion. Good for them.
Yeah, His Right! Imore is a Good and Techie Website to Go! Go for Imore!
That endorsement is not even worthy of an article.
And why not? He's an avid Apple user. I'd think he would know his stuff.
Oh, or is it because you don't agree with him politically? How astute.
Yeah, some celebrity endorsements are best left to just those who heard them. I mean, I wouldn't go flaunting that Kim Jong Un is a fan of my work.
Can I just say I found this site by Rush Lumbaugh's endorsement? Never heard of it before and now I'm interested. I even bookmarked it today.
You're welcome.
Welcome to iMore... be sure to check out the iMore forums too.
+2 Farmdreads! To call Rush a pig is an insult to pigs. So congrats Rene, even swine love iMore! Is there any endorsement you WON'T lap up? How about if Bashar Hafez al-Assad said iMore was the bomb? Who cares if he's killing countless people? He loves iMore! Whoop!
Rene - Congratulations on the shout-out. That's awesome!
If it's not iMore, it's not iMore!!!
I'm not sure he's the kinda guy you wanna be proud of...
Can't believe I'm actually saying this, but Rush Limbaugh mentioning iMore is a huge step forward in the advertising department. Probably brought so much traffic to this website.
I'm not a Rush fan, but those are all the sites that I get my apple news everyday.
I was listening to him while in the car today, I was going to call in and tell him iMore was #1 also.
Thanks to Rush, I went to your great site, bookmarked and downloaded this app for my iPod Touch. Great review for the iPad Mini I will purchase in the near future. Thanks!
If you're going to have someone blow your horn, it might as well be the biggest blowhard out there.
I may not agree with him, but its good promo for iMore.
OMG, we can do better than Rush, please!!! We want intelligent people to endorse iMore. lol
If you want to be associated with sexist, racist claptrap then go ahead and really promote it. Imore is bigger and better than this ignoramus to really care if he likes you or not.
<|endofexample|>
iP.
Since 4.3.1 is already exploited by the legendary @i0n1c, we're working on finishing iPad2 jailbreak now.
How many of you out there have been eagerly awaiting a jailbreak for your iPad 2?
More →.
iOS 4.3.2 untethered jailbreak for iPhone, iPod touch, and original iPad is now live... and it's pretty much the same as the iOS 4.3.1 Jailbreak so we're updating this post to get you going faster! The Dev-Team has used their hax0r magic to bring us yet another gift in the form of an untethered jailbreak! This jailbreak will require you to use redsn0w, which is available for both Windows and Mac OS X.
Important: iPad 2 is still not supported and unlockers need to steer clear until ultrasn0w is updated. If you've got a Verizon iPhone you'll want to check out our greenpois0n jailbreak guide for iOS 4.2.6 instead.
Hit the jump for a complete how-to!
The Dev-Team will be releasing the official tools for an untethered iOS 4.3.1 jailbreak tonight. Both Redsn0w and PwnageTool will be available within the next 24 hours and will support all iOS devices including the iPhone 4 and latest generation iPod touch, but will not yet be compatible with the iPad 2.
Following up on earlier news that an untethered exploit was handed over to the Dev-Team from developer Stefan Ess :)
well @i0n1c's untether is solid! Just working out overall 4.3.x JB issues and Cydia :)..
The Chronic Dev Team finally released Greenpois0n RC5 tonight which will jailbreak iOS 4.2.1 fully untethered. The only other jailbreak for 4.2.1 was previously limited to a beta version of Redsn0w, which had a few issues and wasn't highly recommended for every-day users..
SEND US NEWS | SUBMIT AN APP
THE #1 ACCESSORY STORE | 2 MILLION+ ORDERS SHIPPED
iMORE APP | iMORE FORUMS | MOBILE NATIONS
MORE SHOWS | MORE VIDEOS
ABOUT iMORE
ORDER YOUR T-SHIRTS NOW!
<|endofexample|>
Our stretched canvas art prints are an affordable way to bring depth and style to any space. All of our canvas prints are produced on 20 mil. cotton canvas, and gallery stretched around 1.5"-thick wood bars. We print each canvas on top-of-the-line wide format printers the result is stunningly crisp color, accurately represented. Each canvas is crafted to your specifications and arrives ready to hang.
- Additional Options:
Artist Texture, Artist Embellishments
- Framing Options:
Custom framing options are available
<|endofexample|>
News
WASHINGTON (AP) —.
The loans were approved under the same program that paid for a $535 million loan to Solyndra Inc., a now-bankrupt solar panel maker that has become a rallying cry for Republican critics of the Obama administration's green energy program.
The latest loan program, approved under the 2009 economic stimulus law, expires Friday. At least seven projects worth about $5 billion are pending.
<|endofexample|>
Fashion
Whips
Talent Squad
Mixtapes
Videos
JomSocial
Members Login
Please register to view this section.
Username
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
TALENTED
News
Talent Squad
My ACCOUNT
Inbox
Account Options
My Playlist
My Photos
My Videos
SUPPORT
Legal
Privacy
premarin foals for sale
1200 zyvox mg tablet
buy ventolin online no prescription
how to get off celexa safely harper
relieve back pain homeopathic medicine
order prescription drugs online uk
explain strategies for healthy weight management
augmentin drug in usa pharmacy
discount moduretic of canada
cheap toradol
cialis generico 20 mg
sulfa drug allergy
lipitor us sales 2009
order lamisil online canada
buy antibiotics online without prescription
can i buy omeprazole over the counter
over the counter drugs similar to inderal
order phenergan 25mg
pharmacies chloramphenicol
best slimming tablets in india
abra-100
where to buy augmentin online india
discount minipress otc
methotrexate buy online us
revatio cost comparison viagra
walmart pharmacy generic medications list
viagra medication online
zantac shopping
canadian prescriptionc
allopurinol uses
buy levaquin online canada
bactroban over the counter availability
where to buy nizoral with echeck
buy finpecia online from canada
what is sildenafil citrate 100mg
generic tetracycline mexico
free viagras samples
generic finasteride 1mg uk
order medicine online without prescriptions
overnight pharmacy zithromax
prescription drug exelon
non prescription viagra legal
diovan online in usa
cephalexin for dogs 250 mg
cialis plus puissant viagra
script purchase albendazole without overnight
viagra gumtree
pravachol cheap canada pharmacy
safe drugs for depression and anxiety
tretinoin from usa
tramadol online pharmacy no prescription needed
buy xanax online pharmacy no prescription
canadian pharmacy online gasex
order abilify 2 mg
discount tinidazole of canada
generic actos 15 mg
pills at walmart buy alli online
buy drugs store on order drugs europe propecia
without a transcript buy mg diamox
mobic online canada
canadian pharmacy maxalt 10mg
buy mexitil uk
suprax overseas
prescription drug celebrex arthritis celecoxib
viagra medication information
quickest citalopram
does mircette cause acne
anti anxiety meds that are safe during pregnancy
pharmaceutical wholesalers distributors usa
is there a shortage of ethionamide
order ciprodex from canada
endep no prescription
purchase celexa
viagra in farmaciea
mail order viagra canada
where can you get cialis over the counter
viagra plus from canada
pravachol canada drug store
purchase glucophage lowest price
procardia canadian online
doxycycline pills
uses for permethrin cream 5%
depo medrol order
reglan canada companies only
prescription accutane online
dobupal fedex
cheapest place buy valium online
metformin hydrochloride sr tablets
clomid steroids effects
seroquel birth control online canada
prednisolone medicine used
lotensin pharmacy online
trandate order in the us
online pharmacy vipps accredited
buy ortho tri cyclen discount
carroll iowa pharmacies
buy doxycycline tablets uk
buy risperdal with paypal
mexican drugs cartel monday
usa online pharmacy no prescription
order diclofenac 75mg
buy original viagra online
cialis side effects for men
information lasix tablets
online pharmacy dipyridamole
non prescription stromectol
pilex canada drug store
amitriptyline tablets buy
safe hydrochlorothiazide no prescription
levitra generika 20mg
best place to buy zestoretic online
how to order cafergot
buy viagra online
viagra cialis levitra suppliers
non prescription fashion eye viagra
over the counter antibiotic eye drops uk
viagra express shipping
buy isoniazid online no prescription usa
ordering exelon canada
revatio shop
septra ds bactrim ds
ordering dilantin usa
super levitra force 80 mg
valtrex prescription for cold sores
prevacid over the counter india
cost plavix uk
cialis generico online svizzera
safe to buy generic cafergot from usa
zoloft tablets buy
discount lipitor 10
premarin reviews weight loss
where could i buy vasotec without prescription
ordering clomid india
buy lexapro 5mg
buy advair us
ordering evista on line
doxycycline hyclate dosage chlamydia
plavix like drugs
azithromycin z pack for sale
the chepest trimox
avodart online pharmacy
overnight line paroxetine order
flagyl for dogs
what works better for acne minocycline or doxycycline
wellbutrin sr over the counter canada
hard sell the evolution of a viagra salesman wikipedia
accutane dosage
vermox usa pharmacy
abilify medication for children
best place to buy finpecia in uk
purchase exelon in us
where to buy acticin without a prescription
buy retin a micro online no prescription
buy avalide pills in the canada
buy suprax with a mastercard
abana canada no prescription
minocycline prescription online
viagra samples online
order cephalexin for dogs
norvasc reviews side effects
amitriptyline overdose ecg changes
cafergot suppositories australia
cheap diarex pharmacy
buy trial erection packs 2 without a subscription
what are azithromycin tablets used to treat
levitra vs cialis alcohol
prevacid buy online canada
buy viagra for women uk
what is doxycycline used for antibiotics
tinidazole dosage instructions
motilium from canada
renagel without rx
order roxithromycin online no prescription with a amex
buy erection packs 2 have no prescription
canadian zolpidem
online canadian pharmacy review
order coversyl online without rx
lanoxin no prescription needed canadian online pharmacy
isoniazid tablets 300 mg 300 mg
where to buy cabgolin online without rx
cardizem buy australia
paroxetine dosage anxiety
abilify without a prescription from us
my alli coupons drug
where to buy viagra for women
hcg weight loss stores
rythmol buy without
lopid to buy
ortho tri cyclen buy india
cialis 10 mg costo
search cialis
buy lonikan
hydrochlorothiazide dosage
where can i buy amoxicillin for dogs
nitroglycerin usa sale
buy prometazina
elavil buy online mexico
canadian meds store
canada prescription drugs legal
where do i erexin in canada
lopid
low dose cialis for daily use
order viagra online ireland
buy neurontin online mexico no prescription
purchase florinef
reglan mg canadian rx
levitra 20 mg precio generico
can you buy viagra plus over the counter
quickest arimidex
clomiphene citrate 50 mg pregnancy
tamoxifen pills online in the uk
trimox over the counter
combivient no prescription
unisom order in the us
motilium noprescrition needed usa online pharmacy
cialis jakarta
cheap accutane no rx isotretinoin
discount requip
prescription flonase spray
doxycycline generic uk
kamagra oral jelly 10 sachets
generic skelaxin india
betapace online usa
propecia for women with pcos
xenical slimming pills review
antaxone pharmacy buy online
side effects of finasteride in women
generic viagra super force
discount aurosal
amaryl generic 4 mg
diovan buy online india
prescription trazodone
mail order amaryllis
brand amoxil on line
when will generic lexapro be available 2012
roxithromycin 150 mg macrol
buy lotrel india
suprax gonorrhea
where to buy tretinoin cream 0 025
zyprexa generic equivalent
viagra mexico border
cheap brand cialis big savings
cheap ampicillin per pill
overnight nolvadex mastercard
licensed pharmacy renagel
where to paroxetine drug disorder
online pharmacy uk valium
bactrim ds and alcohol use
where to buy florinef online without rx
proscar online from uk
co amoxiclav augmentin 625mg tablets
clomid 100mg pct
pfizer vgr 100 medicine
buy astelin nasal spray
buy nizoral online india no prescription
ordering aricept on line
cheapest levitra professional paypal
trileptal pills buy online
cheap clomid online no prescription
cost of advair diskus without insurance
purchase retino a cream 0 025 cheap
xenical shortage september 2012
target pharmacy jobs california
neurontin mg india
best place to buy kamagra uk pharmacy
xenical orlistat price philippines
canadian pharmacy blood clonidine mg
ranitidine medicine in india
a good web page to buy minipress with no script
causes of erectile dysfunction in young men psychological causes
brand viagra without a prescription from mexico
canadian cardura pharmacy buy
buy pyridium 100 mg
herpes pills valtrex
buy cheap buspar online
how to order lotrisone online
where cozaar drugs blood
what is viagra super active uk
proscar india companies only
canadian health information management association ahima
feldene buy online us
how to use advair diskus
best place to buy diarex in canada
depakote cheap uk pharmacy
flomax in canada
where trimox
long term effects of taking propecia
canada and zyloprim
farmacie online tantum rosa
buy nexium pills online
hydrochlorothiazide in usa
mircette reviews drugs com
alli generic xenical
metformin er 500 mg price
paroxetine online australia
ceftin without a prescription from india
revatio online uk
cheap drugs without viagra canadian
best place to buy plavix without a prescription
erection packs 1 generic usa
buy periactin weight gain pills
antivert from usa
a good web page to buy colchicine with no script
aricept canada drug store
buy viagra plus pills online
amaryl buy india
who makes aricept medication
sildenafil citrate tablets price
no prescription z-packs
what is lotensin mg used to treat
wholesale drugstore cosmetics
cheap cialis in australia
luvox online uk
purchasing tinidazole online
online sumycin overnight delivery
how does buspar compared to xanax
good drugstore makeup brushes
valtrex herpes zoster dose
online cytotec overnight delivery
doxycycline online overnight delivery
revatio online without rx
erection packs 3 to buy
is there such a thing as generic cialis
v viagra blogspot
ordering trental
diclofenac sodium dosage expiration shelf life
chlorthalidone hydrochlorothiazide hypertension
flomax order
cheapest place to buy micardis
crestor buy online canada
where can i buy furosemide online without a prescription
canadian pharmacy online premarin
paroxetine 20 mg high
mail order zestoretic online
penalty for buying prescription drugs from canada
discount glucophage mg
risperdal medicine used
walmart drugs cost
how to order finpecia online
a good web page to buy elocon with no script
anxiety medication for flying
trazodone from anti depressant anti anxiety drug
zestoretic fast usa
most common side effects of crestor
bactrim tablets price
swiss legend trimix diver manual
terramycin from china
levitra plus no prescription online pill store big
buy generic lamictal online
uk buy amoxil without prescription
order flagyl er 750 mg
atorlip-10 canada pharmacy
over the counter drugs similar to dostinex
purchase pyridium cheap
accutane results after one month
lipitor online prices
where are drugs legal in europe
feldene over the counter
chemetall lithium india pvt ltd
elocom mast dejstvo
secure pharmacy in franklin tn
femara medication side effects
healthy food habits keep a man healthy
best site for endep
lotrisone discount
puedo comprar viagra sin receta mexico
terramycin where can i buy
purchase diflucan on line in uk
diflucan price uk
online us pharmacy
buy zenegra online canada
pharmacies alesse prescription
is there a shortage of diovan
buy taxus baccata seeds
haldol tablets buy
generic medrol canada
omnicef drugstore
flomax discount canada
free viagra sample pack by mail prescription
inderal drugs anxiety
buy cheap online generic amoxil
canadian healthcare supply chain network
voltaren emulgel canada where to buy
isoniazid shopping
cialis buy
albendazole prescription
citalopram price
lamisil canada price prescription
paxil and other medications
pill rx health order strattera products
what is the difference between clomid and clomiphene
tricor no rx
cheap brand aceon 2 mg
risperdal generic usa
zyvox 600 mg drug interactions
pill rx health pariet products
where to buy levitra with amex
cheap cialis online pharmacy
diclofenac gel overseas
cheap canadian rythmol no prescription
pharmacy buy drugs ethionamide
ordering medications online without prescriptions
isoptin pharmacy mail order
indie sound
sigma pharmacy online ordering
purchase suhagra mg
my online pharmacy medications
brand cialis dosage
trimox no prescription fedex ups
symptoms of allergies to eggs and milk
canadian pharm store
purchase yasmin on line in uk
where to buy trial erection packs 2 with echeck
zithromax capsules azithromycin
should you take 5mg or 1mg propecia
best treatment for erectile dysfunction medication
midamor best online non prescription pharmacy
suprax dosage weight
renagel tablets side effects
robaxin birth control online canada
cafergot no script
kamagra uk fast delivery
discount viagra soft
nolvadex medicine
canada pharmacies online that sell doxycycline
where can i buy allegra d
cipro buy online canada
amaryl fast canada
dexasone pharmacy
best price cialis 20 mg
coversyl medication overnight delivery
actoplus no prescription needed
drug allergy treatment
xenical xenical works
dosage clomid ovulation induction
india pharmacies online that sell paroxetine
cost of flagyl without insurance
cheap ondansetronum
lloyds pharmacy online viagra
purchase unisom in canada
can men use hydroxycut max for women
tetracycline online from usa
order prevacid from canada without prescription
absorption gabapentin following high dose escalation
zyprexa prescription price
diovan pills online in the mexico
cost of 5mg cialis
where can i get free viagra samples
is it illegal to import prescription drugs into the uk buy viagra
ditropan online from india
amoxil mg uk
cheap hyzaar 50 12 5 mg
order tretinoin cream 0 1
lisinopril overnight pharmacy
elavil medication cats
viagra soft canadian pharmacy
can you get viagra over counter spain
holistic alternative to prednisone for dogs
nolvadex from canada
international viagra online
triamterene 37 5mg/hctz 25mg tabs
tesco viagra offer
order cytotec online no presctiption
cheap lamictal xr
clozaril without a perscription
order chloromycetin online no prescription with a mastercard
canadian pharmacy spam stop
prednisone mg canada
where do i augmentin in uk
how can i get birth control without a prescription
can you buy viagra over the counter uk canadian
proscar medication dosage
bupropion tablets via nasal insufflation
2010 northwest pharmacy convention
pharmacy buy drugs nolvadex
where to buy finpecia cheap generic
buy generic cephalexin online no prescription
what is the drug flagyl used to treat
precio xenical roche colombia
generic lexapro 2012 side effects
does acne return after accutane treatment
safe cialis no precription
elimite dosage
ergotamina cafergot migraine
dilvas mexico
buy lisinopril online
pharmacy chains northern ireland
alesse no prescription fedex ups
buy voltaren online australia no prescription
coversyl medication side effects perindopril
kamagra generic pharmacy
canada buy cialis without prescription
where is the best place to buy generic cialis online
john samonas and sons
amitriptyline mg overnight shipping
citalopram from mexico
atarax comprimidos
over the counter medicine that acts as mobic
celexa cheap prices uk
pharmacies buy amantadine
best place to buy acticin in usa
costa allegra reviews asia
sominex cheapest rate
buy reglan online no prescription
buy motrin tablets us
where to buy cialis online india
mobic online
cheap uk overnight depakote online
likelihood twins 50mg clomid
buy altace have no prescription
celexa to buy in the canada without a prescription
brand propecia vs generic propecia
allegra 24 sailboat for sale
moduretic discount no prescription
xl pharmacy scam
systemic antifungal drugs dose
aldactone prescription medicine
buy alli cheap
is antabuse available in canada
buying aberel
where coumadin patients blood
generic coumadin canada
flomax drug in fr pharmacy
order evista from uk without prescription
buy extendaquin without a subscription
long term side effects of prednisone in cats
cheap rates clontarf castle hotel
suprax 400mg cefixime
topamax without prescription medication
cephalexin over the counter
atenix coupon
atacand cheap canada pharmacy
budeprion sr vs bupropion xl
where to amaryl generic pharmacy
side effects of accutane
best place to buy flagyl in uk
canada amantadine tablets online
pharmaceutical wholesalers australia
pravastatin sodium 4 mg pill
ethionamide drug in usa pharmacy
oral prednisone dose for children
effects of viagra on blood pressure
where to buy albendazole with echeck
buy generic avapro online with prescription
yasmin shopping
can you buy permethrin cream over the counter in the uk
discount abilify mg
ordering amitriptyline
elocon online purchase
isoniazid pills online in the canada
where to buy testosterone cream for women
canadian pharmacy reviews
cordarone medication class
psoriasis methotrexate side effects
cialis soft dosage
vytorin for purchase without a prescription
purchase brand viagra online
where do i cabgolin in usa
high blood pressure pills side effects in men
buy renagel generic
acyclovir how fast does it work on genital herpes
forest pharmaceuticals patient assistance program lexapro
the best online pharmacy to use
canada buy inderal without prescription
list of tesco stores selling viagra
exelon online purchase
purchase prevacid on line in uk
where diarex prescription
order erection packs 1 no rx canadian pharmacy
where to buy trimox with visa
india pharmacies online that sell diflucan
kamagra shop net erfahrung
when will alli diet pills be available
buy cheap accutane online
german remedies ltd career
proventil online without prescription
over the counter betnovate cream
viagra canada companies only
goes you buy diflucan over the counter in in
where to buy cheap colchicine
buy generic viagra and cialis
quoi de mieux que le viagra
illegal purchase phentermine online
levitra plus birth control online us
cytotec precio colombia
buy dostinex 0 5 mg
generic viagra 100mg online
canadian generic manufacturers association
nips getting bigger bass tabs drums
wellbutrin sr where to get
very cheap nolvadex
purchase nitrofurantoin online
generic lasix 40 mg
sildenafil nebenwirkungen
lamisil medication used
cheap propecia india
over the counter drugs similar to phenergan
plavix cheap mexico pharmacy
aciclovir farma delivery
buy alli refill pack already using
betnelan by mail
kamagra now
order trazodone without rx
viagra online ukraine
2012 air max men
viagra 10 mg price
overnight dostinex
order altace online no prescription with a mastercard
cheapest mobicosa
best place to buy motilium in usa
online pharmacies without prescriptions internet pharmacies
viagra online no prescriptions uk
ordering proventil uk
lotensin canadian medications without prescription
baclofen usa pharmacy
buy pharmacy abana overseas
medication without prescriptions online
where to buy hytrin with visa
diclofenac sodium and paracetamol tablets
licensed pharmacy tetracycline
buy amaryl discount
brand cialis mg india
tanning bed after accutane
adalat online in canada
arjuna online without rx
clopidogrel generic price
accutane commercial warnings
prevacid shortage 2012
us pharmacies online that sell cardura
buy furosemide on line
cane you buy viagra over the counter canada
floxin canadian source
buy viagra uk
what is the best over the counter viagra substitute
ordering arjuna usa
viagra soft fast india
buy procardia generic
cephalexin usa
is alli weight loss program safe
mircette 28 side effects
buy advair diskus online no prescription canada
plavix 75mg price
aldactazine overnight
purchase metformin 500 mg
cts 360 weight loss price
order contact lenses without doctor prescription
cipro medication is used for what
can you buy clomid over the counter
buy atorlip-10 xr without prescription
meloxicam 15 mg
company profile cipla ltd
cialis professional tablets buy
buy flagyl visa
zocor best online non prescription pharmacy
prevacid interactions other drugs
purchase cialis soft tabs
cozaar prescription assistance program
generic viagra healthy blog
order 1 trial erection packs bonus
list canadian pharmaceuticals companies
baclofen 10 mg
generic altace usa
alli refill tablets uk
order cardizem from australia without prescription
buying dobupal
using viagra and cialis together
purchase trandate on line in usa
suprax generic date
over counter natural viagra substitutes
take clomid steroids
mobic shortage
suhagra without prescriptions
skelaxin online usa
zovirax generic australia
no prescription needed generic celebrex
viagra for sale paypal
online prescriptions canadian pharmacy
did anybody order viagra online
buy elocon ointment uk
periactin cats
desyrel online purchase
dolotor low cost
order voltaren from
tetracycline uses for antibiotics
safe nitroglycerin no precription
buy nizagara pills in the uk
order finpecia online no prescription with a amex
buy brand cialis pills in the us
water pill online delivery lasix
buy fucidin online uk
femara mexico pharmacy
buy lithium canada
exelon discount coupons
buy florinef online thru paypals
purchase naprosyn 500mg
provera buy mexico
will generic viagra available usa
flagyl comprimidos prospecto
levothroid mexico
how many abilify to get high
order generic levitra
find friend online in malaysia
mexican drugs cartels map eight
purchasing grifulvin online
como tomar omifin para quedar embarazada
pill rx health order trial erection packs 2 products
femara cheap canada pharmacy
paxil tablets japan
finasteride nhs cost
zofran drugstore com
cheapest place to buy atarax
erythromycin antibiotics for urinary tract infection
buy kamagra online paypal
does medicare cover cialis
safe viagra no precription
very cheap roxithromycin
buy omnicef pills in the canada
mexican evista
acne medicine like accutane
generic alesse 21 birth control
trial erection packs 2 discount no prescription
cheapest viagra pills online
differin drug canadian pharmacy
ordering strattera online
advair coupon free trial
where to buy doxazosin with visa
where to buy soma bras
best place to buy lipothin online
buy adalat tablets
buy ampicillin online no prescription
diflucan cheap canada pharmacy
comprar viagra levitra e cialis
purchase erection packs 1 mg
order renagel online canada
where to buy singulair mg
tabs to getting you home by chris young black dress song
alli diet pills for sale
order propecia online prescription
evista discount card
buy glucophage visa
propranolol cheap canada pharmacy
clomiphene citrate tablets in india
buy xenical mg online for
buy alli diet pills australia discount
penicillin online no prescription
tinidazole to buy in the uk without a prescription
canadian family trees free search
tadacip to purchase without a prescription
wellbutrin discount program
how to purchase periactin
robaxin 750 reviews
amoxicillin powder oral suspension dogs
blue pill red pill tumblr
midamor canada
purchase clonidine lowest price
order erection packs 11 from buy drugs
buy cheap tricor online
allegra low cost
hytrin buy online us
acivir mg no prescription
safe to buy generic aricept from canada
rythmol canada pharmacy
erection packs 3 pills online in the canada
online pharmacy rythmol
viagra legal dubai
brand cialis drug in uk pharmacy
cipro tablets used
long take viagra after eating
order digoxin online mg
i want to pay some arimidex
aldactone tablets 50mg
action plan for the provision of useful prescription medicine information
ditropan on line in the canada
depakote complaints
cost comparison silagra online buy cheap
pyridium no prescription needed
nexium medicine for gerd
buy floxin ofloxacin
actoplus without a perscription
canada bupropion tablets online
combivent from mexico
over the counter drugs similar to noroxin
mexico prescription periactin cheap
how to use albuterol inhaler
buy mebendazole uk
clomid cycle 3 7
lisinopril drug in germany pharmacy
what is cipro medication used for
where can i buy amitriptyline mg
good drugstore foundation for dry skin
identify blue pill 274
cialis 5 mg review
plendil canada companies only
ditropan online pharmacy
it s getting boring sea bass drum tabs
canadian cytotec
viagra for premature ejaculation
midamor without a perscription
viagra jelly pills buy online
store can buy viagra
discount tretinoinum
generic me cialis uk pills
where to buy cialis jelly
buy elocon mg online
mail order viagra sublingual online
abilify generic equivalent
propranolol medicine india
order buy altace
myambutol without a prescription from canada
viagra jet lag cure
buy cipro online reviews
cabgolin birth control online us
cheap diflucan tablets prescription
albendazole canada
how to take viagra soft tabs
orlistat 60mg capsules reviews
order voltaren gel
where abilify generic pharmacy
vantin shopping
cefixima pharmacy
buy cialis soft tablets canada
order phentermine no prescription
tri sprintec generic version ortho tri cyclen
medrol dosage forms
bentyl from mexico
maxalt
buy cialis uk no prescription
online prilosec overnight delivery
purchase diflucan one
prescription drug amox clav
alesse online purchase
mytrustedchemist
eltroxin price in india
augmentin no prescription fedex ups
where can i buy doxycycline hyclate online
buy kamagra online net
accutane acne medication
where can i buy nizagara tablets
rythmol trusted online drug stores in canada
purchase erythromycin in australia
buy doxycycline online uk no prescription
canadian pharmacy no prescription citalopram
buy viagra no prescription canadian pharmacy
buy actos 40 mg
generic xenical orlistat 120mg
generic fluoxetine price
purchase viagra soft in us
order minipress lowest price
diurex water pills to lose weight
unisom no prescription needed
flagyl online canadian
discount lithium ion drill
prescription weight loss medication canada
ortho tri cyclen purchase
zovirax 400 mg used
pill rx health cafergot products
buy tablets india cheapest kamagra
largest retail pharmacy chains in canada
i want to pay some wellbutrin
cialis australia
ordering zestril canada
natural pills to increase fertility
can i buy coumadin in canada
walmart low cost prescription drugs
buy diflucan online cheap antifungal
tenormin prescription drug
side effects of accutane in women
order prescription buy elocon
cialis 2 5 mg reviews
herbal viagra reviews best one
cholestoplex canada online no prescription
is there a shortage of celexa
order furosemide from
azithromycin tablets 500 mg spc
how to get free viagra
sominex no prescription needed canadian online pharmacy
cheap viagra now mastercard
the walking dead game walkthrough drugstore
when to take alli weight loss pill
where to buy generic accutane shipping
testosterone cream uk
diflucan online in canada
dipyridamol by mail
gasex usa pharmacy
neurontin pills buy
bactroban buy usa
fluoxetine online without rx
aciclovir prospect sarcina
glucophage dosage diet
buy kirkland minoxidil
is viagra legal in egypt
symptoms of asthma attack toddlers
aceon buy canada
buy elavil online from mexico
should you take synthroid with or without food
betnovate rd cream buy
alli walmart coupon
ordering sinequan usa
to buy neo medrol acne lotion online
inderal online order
xenical without a prescription from mexico
nizoral prescription only
where can i buy misoprostol online
zocor without rx
generic suprax cefixime
feldene over the counter usa
aldactone generic india
medicine cephalexin used
safety of buying antibiotics online
shelf life actos tablets
commande levitra en ligne
cardizem no prescription
trial erection packs 1 drug in usa pharmacy
best place to buy estrace online
terramycin discount code
yasmin birth control order online
buy cheap phentermine without rx
femara no prescription
purchase synthroid without rx
metformin sale no prescription
torsemide usa pharmacy
original blue pill review
januvia discount no prescription
buy amoxil online with no prescription
xenical without prescription
prednisone 20 mg 5 days side effects
amoxicillin clavulanate 875 mg side effects
primatene mist canada
canada strattera tablets online
seroquel side effects weight gain
best place to buy synthroid in india
abana drugs quality
what is fluconazole used for
overnight exelon
aldactone 50 mg bula
baclofen high blood sugar
clomid where to buy in canada
tetracycline eye ointment
purchase amitriptyline online
baclofen medication overnight delivery
buy alli pills information
plendil shop
buy taxus brevifolia
free male erection pills
azithromycin dosage adults chlamydia
is it illegal to order otc drugs from canada
estrace with no rx
bupropion mg canadian rx
buy lotrisone online no prescription pharmacy
hypocholesterolemic effect of barley foods on healthy man
orlistat price in india
order erection packs ii prescription
skelaxin paypal
viagra 100mg price walmart
buy dilantin lowest price
order anxiety pills options
is it safe to take clomid without doctor
purchase valacyclovir online
diurex ultra water pills side effects
buy lexapro 20mg no rx
buying lipitor from canada
reglan from
prednisone for pets
zyvox dosage iv drug
walmart pharmacy phone number
10 mg baclofen high
order zanaflex from
accutane generic brands
non generic buy atorlip canadian
vendita viagra farmacia senza ricetta
how much does cialis cost at cvs
goes order viagra canada
are ventolin and albuterol the same drug
canada arjuna tablets online
alesse dosage information
reputable online pharmacy in canada
where to buy provera online canada
best place to buy online kamagra oral jelly
does clomid boost testosterone in men
generic name for ditropan
shop and save pharmacy bethalto il
london drugs south common pharmacy
what is the effect of the weight loss medication orlistat xenical
how to order rosuvastatin
tetracycline hydrochloride ointment
buy cialis soft lowest price
prescription solutions new prescription fax form
tinidazole oral uses
aciclovir to buy in the usa without a prescription
acetamide canada
generic synthroid name
there a cure for amantadine poisoning
order lantus online
buy vantin online canada no prescription
buy tinidazole mg online for
minocycline discount canada
how much does prednisone for cats cost
como comprar viagra sin receta en mexico
ampicillin india sale
nexium where can i buy
zithromax on line in the canada
4x tadalafil softtabs 20mg
is it safe to buy lexapro online
synthroid medication for thyroid
new york pharmacies in brooklyn
what is ventolin hfa aer
buy clomid online in the uk
micardis discount no prescription
can you buy depakote
buy alphagan xr without prescription
eurax lotion for chicken pox
alli shortage news
the canadian drugstore in zephyrhills fl ratings
over the counter zyloprim
wellbutrin prescription help
purchase alli orlistat
erythromycin no prescription fedex ups
strattera prescription assistance
wellbutrin sr canadian medications without prescription
prednisone dose pack poison ivy
propecia 10mg cost
buy ortho tri cyclen pills in the mexico
online allopurinol with no prescription
neurontin without food
canadian drug laws 2010
cheap drugstore concealer
propecia in canada how to get
natural fertility drugs over the counter
viagra professional fast india
75 mcg synthroid high dosage
bupropion xl 300
atorlip 10 drug in canada pharmacy
safety of ordering drugs from canada
celebrex uk pharmacy
drugstore coupon codes new customer
rosuvastatin over the counter canada
order coversyl plus
buy generic allegra d
india pharmacies online that sell synthroid
medrol buy australia
cheapest place to buy flagyl
seroquel drugs effects
best place to buy suprax in canada
buy voltaren emulgel
voltaren gel vs voltaren pills
nexium coupons
buy midamor online without a prescription
purchase dog antibiotics online
where to buy flomax online usa
best place to buy motilium in australia
fluconazole dose for yeast infection
order metformin from canada
eritromicina 200 mg sirop
where can i buy isoniazid online without a prescription
cheapest protonix paypal
triamterene dosage instructions
bentyl user reviews
purchase citalopram 40mg
ceftin without prescription
will viagra ever otc
do doctors prescribe viagra for women
is there a generic for benicar hct 40 25
erection packs 1 shop
best site for zithromax
best site for cardura
where to buy cialis super active with visa
brand viagra cheap mexico pharmacy
amoxicilina store
diclofenac gel from canadian pharmacy
to buy viagra in uk
topical antifungal medications for skin
overnight erection packs 2 generic
protonix buy canada
can you buy nizagara over the counter
liposafe canada sale
best online pharmacy no prescription required
generic tabs mycoxafloppin pill
dosage forms of lipitor
purchase clonidine in usa
what is estrace mg used to treat
where to finpecia drug
lincocin online from canada
review of generic viagra
albendazole 400mg tablets
purchase maxalt canada
digoxin without prescription medication
voltaren discount coupons
buy lamisil without a subscription
is there a shortage of duetact
order levlen
crestor cheapest rate
5mg diazepam price
safe to buy generic revatio from uk
discount ena
costco pharmacy online refill
allopurinol medication side effects warnings
actoplus met no prescription fedex ups
buy alli diet pill now
cheap lamictal 50 mg
order colchicine from india without prescription
diarex water pills reviews
buy soma
actoplus met to purchase without a prescription
order coversyl cheap
viagra sildenafil
buying cialis online safe
mexico diclofenac online pharmacy
cost of studying pharmacy in canada
super p force viagra dapoxetine
order elimite cream pricelist
flagyl online overnight
cost of generic zyprexa
current price pariet
augmentin canada pharmacy
meclizine buy without
cefadroxil order online no prescription
wellbutrin medication overnight delivery
prednisone dosage for children with asthma
where to buy cialis in philippines
viagra jelly discount
order inderal online
is zovirax ointment over the counter
viagra from canada sale
vardenafil levitra 20mg
ampicillin where can i buy
meclizine store
cheap canadian prednisone no prescription
feldene online order
viagra super active buy canada
erection packs 1 no prescription fedex ups
purchase flonase on line in usa
generico levitra 20 mg
chloramphenicol mg canadian rx
get prescription drugs without rx
walking machine for weight loss price in india
best buy generic pharmacy online
order allopurinol all rights canadian
ditropan usa sale
can buy viagra boots chemist
diclofenac sodium enteric coated tablets 50mg side effects
metoclopramide 10mg tablets dogs
losartan hydrochlorothiazide spc
hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg doses
viagra holland
can you purchase birth control online
us pharmacies online that sell furosemide
prinivil no script
chlamydia nhs direct
arthritis low back treatment chronic pain
tenormin no prescription overnight delivery
lipothin safe
cardizem mg canadian rx
lloyds pharmacy online doctor
genuine fast buy cipro
celestoderm v nextday
periactin store monoamine heat warnings
prescription amaryl generic glimepiride
buy viagra online canadian no prescription
cheap silagra 50 mg
ephedraxin online usa
viagra belgium
take pharmacy technician test online
buy betnovate n ointment
order toprol xl cheap
safe to buy generic aldactone from uk
generic name for dilantin
discount prescription drugs online com
bystolic company
purchasing stromectol online
generic antivert usa
can you get elimite cream over the counter
order deltasone pills
safe to buy generic trial erection packs 2 from usa
sildenafil online india
where to buy suhagra online without rx
female viagra comic
cialis orgasm
where elocon bactroban cream
reglan generic image
buy anafranil tablets us
aricept online order
what is flagyl used to treat infection
low cost pyridium 200mg pharmacy
ordering hyzaar usa
buy cream accutane canada
buy bupropion 300 mg
mircette pharmacy mail order
order diovan rx
how to buy erection packs 3 online
ordering vermox usa
indian kamagra 100mg
lisinopril from benazepril
mircette birth control online canada
buy lexapro tablets india
viagra uk next day delivery
alli buy online uk capsules
buy blopress without prescription
buy voltaren online from mexico
buy albuterol sulfate no prescription
antidepressant similar paxil
online lasuna overnight delivery
isoniazid from mexico
buy maclaren techno xt uk
cheap abilify mg
is there a shortage of levitra
levitra super active pills buy
can you buy viagra online legally canadian pharmacy
alli over the counter uk
buy aciclovir tablets uk zovirax
order tretinoin cream 0.025
no prescription propecia cheap
canada buy coversyl without prescription
e legale acquistare viagra online
free levitra samples
no prescription elavil
erection packs 1 online meds
mobic online from canada
purchase generic viagra canada
robaxin drug canadian pharmacy
buy hydrochlorothiazide tablets india
discount viagra soft of canada
side effects viagra drugs
blue pill 15 mg morphine
where can i get adalat from
can you buy prescription drugs mexico
generic ortho tri cyclen acne
buy alphagan two
alli on line in the usa
alli mexico pharmacy
any over the counter anxiety meds
buy prescription drugs online from canada
erythromycin medication drug
best place to buy bupron online
bystolic coupon card
purchasing viagra in singapore
erythromycin medicine for what
purchase generic plendil
valacyclovir hcl 1 gram side effects
how to get off of effexor xr safely
plendil mg usa
what is zithromax z-pak 250 mg
purchase amaryllis plant
does accutane work yahoo answers
lorazepam price walmart
where to buy generic viagra forum
where can i buy alli diet pills in england pharmacy online
buy avomine 28x
adalat discount code
http united support site
decadron india
buy januvia pills in the canada
synthroid hair loss men
when is lipitor generic being released
is allopurinol over the counter
cheap polymox
altace cheapest rate
dilantin from usa
blue pill a 215 oxy
canadian pharmacy online blopress
mevacor where to get
buy triamterene xr without prescription
when is alli back in stock in uk
where to buy finasteride no prescription
lopid where to buy in canada
where to buy actos with visa
amoxil online with out prescription
crestor commercial 2010
german remedies ltd india products
buy ultraman
flagyl generic name metronidazole
buy lasix water pill generic
purchasing clomid online uk
orlistat shortage update
low cost buy generic buspar
mobic tablets 15mg spc
premarin birth control online us
average price of viagra
generic viagra 100mg india
triamterene generic usa
buy rythmol online from canada
best viagra india men
ampicillin drug
flomax over the counter canada
buy florinef australia
buy mircette kansas city
buy augmentin cheap clavulanate amoxicillin
baclofen no prescription fedex ups
strattera online sales
fastest cheapest weight loss pills
tretinoin cream shoppers drug mart
sildenafil citrate side effects itching
next day canadian passport
cheap aciphex canadian pharmacy
buying cialis in thailand
discount brand viagra mg
doxycycline hyclate 50 mg capsules
metformin order online canada
aldactone prescription information
generic levlen canada
buy suprax online overnight delivery
purchase albendazole on line in australia
albendazole pills online in the canada
zithromax prescription dosage
propecia indianapolis
rhine inc cialis
doxycycline dosage for acne rosacea
metoclopramide paypal
buy zyvox online no prescription usa
us buy cheap accutane pharmacy
paroxetine prescription information paxil cr
omifin y prueba de ovulacion
generic cafergot usa
silagra india
citalopram switching from lexapro to celexa
furosemide canada companies only
ordering lincocin on line
can i buy clomiphene citrate over the counter
mircette online order
seroquel pharmacy online
sildenafilo costo peru
levitra plus no prescription needed
pharmacie paris propecia pas cher
buying tabs vancouver online drug
canada cleocin tablets online
ilium meloxicam side effects in dogs
what is generic viagra legal
purchase levitra super active in usa
differin gel after accutane
low cost avalide canada drugs
how to buy prinivil in canada
order cialis us prescription
best online drugs without prescriptions
propecia generic online
buy anafranil online with out prescription
cheap acticin one pharmacy online
cheap nu pirox
buy prometrium online thru paypals
purchase methotrexate on line in usa
cheap viagra in small packs
allopurinol over the counter usa
what is tetracycline skin ointment used for
european journal of hospital pharmacy bmj
medicine digoxin overdose
doxycycline hyclate 100mg for sale
order eurax online without rx
where can i buy zofran
bupropion discount no prescription
buy diflucan online from mexico
clomid success rate per cycle
where can i buy birth control pills for men
clomid overnight shipping cheap
lexapro to buy in the usa without a prescription
cymbalta over the counter india
buy zenegra mg online for
cheapest place to buy zebeta
buy ventolin pills in the india
buy eurax hc cream
tadacip by the indian pharmaceutical company cipla
canadian healthcare pharmacy reviews fast delivery
buy ambien canada pharmacy
purchase premarin cream
fucidin h cream 60g used for
buy cafergot online without prescription
buy lantus insulin india
canadian pharmacy that sells xanax
buy alphagan glaucoma
albuterol sulfate syrup side effects children
order lexapro online
buy compazine online thru paypals
orlistat dosage
online pharmacy indiana
phenergan generic tablets
non prescription innopran xl
how long does it take for daily cialis to work
order prednisone
buying ambien online safely
buy levitra plus mg online for
water pills for bloating
lipitor user reviews
united support services inc monroe nc
buying levitra germany drug shop cheapest
quickest lozol
is it illegal to buy fertility drugs online
war on drugs in mexico 2011
is viagra generic extremely cheap
medication contains advair diskus
viagra order online no prescription
sertraline hcl 25 mg side effects
can i buy viagra in amsterdam
buy provera philippines
order accutane online prescription
over the counter medicine similar to prednisone
buy duetact tablets usa
no script ampicillin mg
prescription mobic 50
sample packs of viagra cialis
orlistat shortage alternatives
over the counter medicine that acts as zoloft
safe yagara no precription
buy levaquin online uk no prescription
prednisone prescription poison oak
tretinoin cream 0 1 paypal
vantin canada
eurax order in the us
buy trental uk
alphagan mg usa
where to buy doxazosin without a prescription
how to buy hydrocodone online for cheap
purchase rythmol cheap
buy propecia cheapest
worldwide pharmacy port louis
buy cialis uk cheap
buy alli 80 mg
clopidogrelum fedex
generic bactrim antibiotic
buy avodart online mexico no prescription
cvs pharmacy coupons $30
canadian pharmacy levitra professional generic
24 hour drug stores downtown toronto
buy periactin online with out prescription
norvasc canadian pharmacy
cheap aciphex rabeprazole drugs
pravachol fda approved to buy without prescription
generic celexa pill identifier
best pharmacy technician online programs
buy online coupon alli diet
tadacip discount no prescription
effects drinking alcohol accutane
levitra preiswert kaufen
alcohol and azithromycin side effects
zithromax 3 day dose pack
purchasing dilantin online
aciclovir dosis tabletas
where can you buy antabuse
cialis overnight pharmacy
pharmacy costa rica no prescription
nizagara no prescription needed canadian online pharmacy
valacyclovir hcl dosage shingles
buy bupropion sr online
buy mircette canada
cheap clomid com efficient
usa buy cardura without prescription
how to get online prescriptions for viagra canadian pharmacy
purchase minocycline on line in usa
buy viagra uk over counter
the chepest cephalexin
buy glucotrol online canada
cheap cytotec 200mg online
overnight erection packs 2 acidity cialis
cleocin medication uses
voltaren 100mg dosage
printable alli diet pills coupons
cozaar tablets buy
pom pomegranate juice price
levitra effects women
can women take propecia hair loss
purchase acticin 10 pharmacy
hyzaar 50 12 5 side effect
adverse effects of oral prednisone
mail order pharmacy jobs virginia
list of prescription cough medicines
order ditropan xl online
where to buy alphagan online without rx
using albuterol inhaler for cough
script purchase without generic albendazole
valtrex and pregnancy dosage
actos no rx
buy mobic online canada
how to order levitra super active online
generic drug name for lipitor
exelon shortage
diclofenac canada online no prescription
augmentin prescription price
wholesale generic levitra anonymity
cheap plavix drug
phentermine price target
purchase zofran mg
what is best medication for allergies
buy cleocin online without a prescription
zithromax suspension for children
vasodilan on line in the canada
cheap risperdal 0.25 mg
free clomid ovulation calendar
oral flagyl uses
how to get clomid pills
ultram 50 mg price
order fluoxetine medication
walgreens pharmacy drug stores
purchase stromectol in canada
buy micardis hct 40 mg
how much does generic macrobid cost
where can i buy a wii online
weight loss
buy tretinoin gel 0 025
canada buy baclofen without prescription
where to buy avalide with mastercard
side effects from risperdal injections
cheapest altace online blood pressure
list pharmaceutical wholesalers usa
flomax dosage size
cost of trazodone without insurance
clomiphene nhs
buying omifin
overnight pharmacy alli
buy brand viagra without rx
deltasone generic usa
generic propecia safe to use
where to buy valium online forum
buy prednisolone mg online for
purchase tinidazole mg
valium 5mg street price
safe to buy generic chloromycetin from usa
us pharmacies online that sell lincocin
where to buy avapro with amex
pfizer viagra patent expires
where to buy erythromycin mg
side effect of vigra tablet
sulfato de amantadina pk-merz
differin trusted online drug stores in canada
when is generic lexapro coming out
astelin canadian online overnight pharmacy
cardizem birth control online mexico
no script viagra soft mg
trial erection packs 3 no prescription overnight delivery
addiction to prescription drugs effects
sundown natural water pills reviews
best place to buy liposafe in canada
buy ventolin inhaler in america
vermox suspension what does
canada buy blopress without prescription
decadron prescription dosage
buy viagra in prague
where to buy cephalexin online usa
where can i buy feldene
prednisone for cats treatment
terramycin no script
safe lamictal no prescription
ventolin evohaler online inhaler
where can i get some eurax
does doxycycline 100mg treat sinus infections
viagra cost per pill in india
canada coversyl tablets online
online pharmacy lamictal
free samples of viagra how generic
can i buy ranitidine in canada
buy atarax cheap
plendil generic brand
doxycycline monohydrate capsules
lok adalat india 2009
cialis no prescription fedex ups
safe lipothin no prescription
nizoral buy online uk
natural viagra over the counter australia online pharmacy
medication for social anxiety disorder
buy toradol with paypal
buy paroxetine online with no prescription
where to buy alesse ethinyl estradiol
buy generic sumycin
where can i buy atacand
propecia 5mg 1mg better
indian buy trandate visa generic
buy tinidazole mg online
over the counter substitute for hydrochlorothiazide
januvia generic substitute
legal age to buy diet pills uk
evista buy online mexico
crestor without a prescription from india
flonase over the counter usa
proscar medication used
effexor mg order
trazodone from mexico
recurring acne after accutane
zentel buy online
proscar generic india
purchase ortho tri cyclen in mexico
orlistat xenical 120 mg capsules
periactin appetite stimulant a comprehensive view
seroquel order online no prescription
purchase anafranil canada
indian medrol generic
purchase accutane on line in uk
pharmacycustomercare com
order atorlip-20 on line usa
buy neurontin online no prescription usa
order plendil online
minocycline tablets used for
usa buy torsemide without prescription
wellbutrin sr dosage
is there a generic equivalent for plavix
order dipyridamole lowest price
discount nalorex
is elimite cream over the counter
purchase alprazolam 2mg
buy amitriptyline paypal
advair diskus generic 100 42
where to buy dipyridamole with echeck
diclofenac sodium enteric coated tablets overdose
order doxycycline online no prescription with a amex
safe to buy generic wellbutrin sr from usa
what is super active cialis
order lowest prices levitra
where to buy hcg for pct
cheap chloromycetin
order zithromax online canada
order mobic canada
zoloft side effects night sweats
discount ventolin mg
how much does it cost to study pharmacy in canada
buy merck proscar online
24 hour pharmacies north london
best place to buy topamax in uk
where can i buy cialis in canada
can viagra be bought over the counter in the uk
pet medications online orders
sertraline hcl 50mg tablet
genuine amantadine visa
lasix uk no prescription
buy erexin have no prescription
stromectol cost comparison canadian lowest
propecia birth control online uk
levitra medication online
calan prescriptions
viagra cheap uk pharmacy
birth control pills india
colchicine in canada
ordering kamagra
how to take clomid doctor
sarafem cheap canada pharmacy
que es kamagra oral jelly
buy proventil pills in the uk
purchase kamagra in canada
purchase nolvadex without script
ampicillin from australia
buy zyvox online with out prescription
combivent mg buy
post cycle therapy anavar
aetna rx home delivery mail order form
diagnosing statistics female sexual dysfunction
septra ds same bactrim ds
best place to buy metformin in uk
adhd pharmacy
best place to buy deltasone without a prescription
nizagara online without prescription
bentyl medication dicyclomine
stent without plavix
indocin overseas
tadacip store
best place to buy noroxin online
can you buy xenical online no prescription
after accutane acne came back
robern med cabinet
clonidine medications side effects
plavix generic available
abilify without also medication
antivert no prescription needed
prednisone effects on testosterone
arimidex cheap us pharmacy
zanaflex online canada
order brand name viagra online
where can i buy phentermine 37 5 mg
purchase cialis uk
procardia pharmacy mail order
withdrawal from seroquel how long
purchasing elimite online
albuterol sulfate dosage 0 083
metformin tablets buy
buy xenical spain
buy trazodone online canada
ditropan buy online australia
medication for anxiety and depression symptoms
flagyl mg canadian rx
buy hair loss shampoo
mircette 28 day tablet
tenormin mg uk
accredited pharmacy technician online courses
where to buy amaryllis flowers
acheter viagra en suisse
buy anxiety pills online
firex nextday
buy yasmin pills in the uk
canadian meds usa
order elimite lowest price
without a script order allopurinol
minocycline generic equivalent
naprosyn online canadian
generic brand of prilosec
proscar cost comparison buy propecia
pill rx health tretinoin products
how to buy antibiotics uk online pharmacy
tricor alternative medicine
propecia 1 mg generic
when to take cialis
clonidine canadian online overnight pharmacy
buy cheap sidenafil
depression anxiety medicine
non prescription cleocin
signs and symptoms of allergies in children
cialis 20 mg tablet lil
differin fast usa
synthroid for weight loss bodybuilding
cheap orlistat 180 mg
what effects does viagra have on men
over the counter medicine that acts as female cialis
natural herbal remedies for erectile dysfunction
pain meds with no prescription
cephalexin common uses
how to order clonidine
where to buy betnovate with echeck
order aceon online no prescription with a amex
difference prednisone prednisolone
how to get nolvadex
order zyvox online no prescription with a visa
insomnia cookies ann arbor order online
where can i buy viagra in melbourne
discount vasotec mg
finpecia buy
cod pharmacies buy bentyl
order elocon bonus discount
purchase arimidex in us
cabgolin pharmacy
what is nexium generic
alli free shipping
buy innopran with no script
over the counter baclofen
buy allopurinol cheap pricelist
genuine fast buy cheap cipro
isotretinoin where to buy
can buy morning after pill tesco pharmacies
zyvox canada no prescription
lasix mexico no prescription
canadian liposafe
tadalafil uk online
safe to buy generic zofran from canada
buy isoniazid inh
e base mexico
citalopram cost canada
where to buy erection packs 2 with mastercard
<|endofexample|>
IMT offers the most complete wafer fabrication services, featuring the largest pure MEMS production fab and most extensive suite of tools of any independent manufacturer to meet our customers' high-volume production requirement and foundry services • 30,000 ft2 class 100 cleanroom fab for manufacturing 6" wafers. • Technical staff with extensive experience in MEMS design, prototyping, and process development. • Complete analytical, metrology, and test capabilities for high-volume manufacturing with sqc/spc. • Volume foundry service for MEMS-specific or other wafer processing work. •
Close collaboration and partnership are required for success. Starting from the initial design review, development and prototyping to product engineering and volume production.
<|endofexample|>
Govinda's niece Ragini Khanna, who plays the lead role in Sony TVs Bhaskar Bharti is the next after his daughter Narmmadaa Ahuja to take the plunge into Bollywood. While Ragini has disclosed the banner and name of the film she might get involved in, details of Narmmadaa's project are still under wraps.Ragini was earlier seen in TV show Radha Ki Betiyaan Kuch Kar Dikhaayeng and Sasural Genda Phool.
Who has the sexiest butt in Bollywood?
<|endofexample|>
Note: This message is displayed if (1) your browser is not standards-compliant or (2) you have you disabled CSS. Read our Policies for more.
<|endofexample|>
Verizon Wireless Music Center: The Best Concerts where you would Least Expect Them Posted on November 28 2010 by Lynzy Stover Indiana boasts great arenas and theaters for individuals to watch their favorite musical acts, but none can give audiences the same outdoor amphitheater concert experience quite like the Verizon Wireless Music Center. With a change in ownership, the theater changed Read more >
<|endofexample|>
In this collection, menus satisfy tastes from traditional to trendy.
The north region spreads like a wide bracelet from west to east with widely varied charms suspended from each side. In this collection of cuisines and techniques, menus satisfy tastes from traditional to trendy. Beginning on the west end in Valparaiso, diners have been gobbling up turkey specialties at Strongbow Inn for more than 70 years while just across town Bistro 157 is experimenting with fusion dishes combining Asian and French cuisine in inventive ways. For a sweet treat, don’t miss supersized cupcakes at Designer Desserts. Head north where Chesterton and Michigan City cater to appetites whipped up by the Indiana Dunes and Lake Michigan. Lucrezia Cafe’s specialties feature the freshest greens. For simple goodness try a tuna salad sandwich with veggie chips at Red Cup Café and Deli, or get one to go on your way to the Dunes. Michigan City’s ShoreLine Brewery gives patrons a chance to nosh further, complementing its casual menu of burgers and sandwiches with its own award-winning handcrafted beers in a friendly setting near the Dunes. Five miles north, family friendly Stop 50 Wood Fired Pizzeria bakes thin crust pizzas with imaginative toppings such as pistachios, prosciutto and Parmigiano Reggiano.
Heading east, the road travels to a different time zone—jumping ahead an hour to Eastern time—yet you can still kick back. In resort towns like Culver, visitors dine lakeside at Edgewater Grille or watch the water in Winona Lake where Cerulean Restaurant woos customers with sushi and bento boxes. Farther north in Elkhart, Goshen, South Bend and Mishawaka, the dining options multiply as the South Bend Chocolate Factory fills a craving for handmade chocolates while upscale gourmet delights such as South Bend’s Carriage House and LaSalle Grill impart a taste of the finer things. To top it off, enjoy family fare in Amish Country where Das Dutchman Essenhaus welcomes young and old to Indiana’s largest family restaurant with its heaping helpings of homemade noodles and pastries—all made on-site. In Goshen, discover small plate dishes with robust flavors at Kelly Jae’s Café, an Asian-influenced tapas restaurant. The Vine combines seafood and steak entrees with a nice selection of wines by the bottle and/or glass in downtown Elkhart. South Bend Chocolate Factory A free 20-minute tour (with samples!) provides an up-close look at the process of turning chocolate into delectable treats. After everyone dons hairnets (no exceptions), the tour begins with a brief history of chocolate and an explanation of how cacao is grown. In the kitchen, chocolate is melted, blended with other ingredients, molded into shapes and “enrobed” on popcorn, malt balls, nuts and more. After smelling the cocoa concoctions, visitors are more than ready for the free samples distributed throughout the tour. A sample bag is included, and if your appetite exceeds your sack, stock up on discounted chocolates in the on-site outlet store. Tours available 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday–Friday and 9 am to 3 pm Saturday. Walk-ins are welcome, but reservations are recomended. LaSalle Grill Upscale and exceptional, this is the kind of place usually found in only more cosmopolitan cities. The LaSalle Grill transformed the old St. Joseph Hotel into an AAA Four-Diamond restaurant with an excellent chophouse menu. The hotel’s former lobby, with its high ceilings, serves as the main dining space where warm woods and fine art pair with an imaginative menu. Chef Thomas Sheridan changes the menu to reflect new ideas and seasonal ingredients. Expect hardwood-grilled steaks, along with chicken, seafood, duck and lamb. While delicious, dinner for two can be pricey ($150). For something a bit more casual, head to the third floor for Club LaSalle, a comfortable lounge with live entertainment, cocktails on plush leather couches, and cigars in the club’s Cigar Parlor. The Carriage House Dining Room Tucked in a restored 1851 church, The Carriage House is a delight of a destination restaurant, serving artistically executed classic dishes in a beautifully gracious setting.Double doors open to a cozy dining room with a soaring ceiling. The furniture is antique, the art is museum quality, the service is attentive, and the food is excellent. Dinners begin with the complimentary Carriage House liver pate and pickle plate. It’s followed by a house salad of mixed greens with endive and oranges, topped with a honey-glazed pear and pecans. The signature veal Baltimore, lightly breaded veal cutlets with shiitake mushrooms and onions, lump crab and a velvety cream sauce, is simply amazing. The dessert cart tempts with mile-high lemon meringue pie, apple cake and triple chocolate cake, among other delectable sweets. The dining room is open Tuesday through Saturday evenings; reservations preferred.
The Vine The Vine expresses a chic, European feel in a restored 19th-century building with an outdoor patio in downtown Elkhart. As the name implies, The Vine emphasizes its wine list, which includes nice varietals, plus a revolving menu of about 20 wines by the glass.The restaurant’s signature appetizer, Mike’s Hot Crab Dip, is a blend of crabmeat and mildly spicy sharp cheddar served with garlic toast. Entrees emphasize red meat and seafood, including grilled rack of lamb, lobster ravioli and Cajun-style salmon fillet. Some vegetarian options are on the menu as well, like the spinach and garlic ravioli and the Fra Diablo, penne pasta with mushrooms and a mildly spicy tomato-vodka sauce. For lighter dishes and smaller appetites, try the specialty pizzas including the Tuscan Vineyard with Alfredo sauce, basil chicken, bacon, spinach and tomatoes. Das Dutchman Essenhaus Das Dutchman Essenhaus, Indiana’s largest family restaurant, seats more than 1,000 people and serves hearty meals three times a day.Located inside a massive two-story, white frame house, the restaurant is divided into buffet and menu dining rooms. The 20 hot and cold items at the Thresher’s breakfast buffet include eggs, breakfast meats and fresh fruit. French toast, hot cakes, omelets and fried mush fill out the full menu. At dinner, visitors can choose from chicken, roast beef or ham dinners served family-style with sides of mashed potatoes, noodles, vegetables, gravy, dressing, hot-baked rolls and dessert. (The Essenhaus creates more than 30 varieties of home-baked pies including the popular Red Raspberry Creme and seasonal Strawberry Rhubarb.) Dinner is $15.50-$16.50, depending upon your meat selection, with discounts for kids. In addition to the restaurant, the Essenhaus complex includes a hotel, conference center, bakery, shops, mini golf and more! Kelly Jae’s Cafe Exposed brick walls give this Asian-inspired cafe an upscale look while maintaining a chic atmosphere that’s casual and friendly. Located in a renovated historic downtown building, Kelly Jae’s Cafe is surrounded by Goshen’s boutique shopping and coffee shops. The restaurant’s menu blends Asian flavors with the Spanish tapas concept of small plates, with cold and hot dishes. Look for pairings like wasabi guacamole with crispy wontons and roasted potatoes with melted Manchego cheese. The crab cakes with tomato-caper remoulade and the wasabi-pea-encrusted salmon with Thai chile paste and a soy-ginger glaze are especially good. Kelly Jae’s Cafe offers a full bar and a pretty impressive wine list with several Spanish varietals.Cerulean Restaurant and Sushi Lounge
With a beautiful view of Winona Lake, Cerulean offers an eclectic menu of Asian-Mediterranean fusion cuisine.Named for a color of blue, the hue is used generously throughout the interior and creates a Zen-like feeling. The mix of bamboo and teak-color woods and modern lighting feels minimal and modern at the same time.The seasonal menu focuses on seafood, sushi (more than three dozen choices) and Asian-Mediterranean fusion dishes, which use fresh ingredients. Diners will find a huge selection of pasta, chicken, beef and seafood options. Choose from entrees such as Australian lobster tail over three-cheese ravioli and mint pesto cream, duck breast with blueberry-green peppercorn chutney, and lamb chops with crispy goat cheese potatoes, mache lettuce, olive salsita and a Merlot reduction. And as you might imagine, the prices reflect the ingredients. Most entrees are $24 to $34 with some topping out at $42.The Edgewater Grille A wall of windows frames stunning views of Lake Maxinkuckee to add to the nautical feel of this restaurant. Surfboards on the walls and boats hanging from the ceiling—nicely coupled with old Rexall and Max Wax signs—complement the understated black wood furniture, white tablecloths and abundant natural light.The menu runs the gamut from appetizers, salads and sandwiches to full entrees (steak, seafood, pasta, lamb, ribs). For something a bit different, consider sampling one of the stir-fry specials, 12-inch pizzas or a chicken, steak, tuna or Italian sausage hoagie. Other options include a seafood platter (shrimp, grouper and crab cakes), Mediterranean chicken and coconut tempura shrimp, with pineapple-wasabi pico di gallo sauce.Edgewater brews its own beer—Maxinkuckee Mist—using water from its namesake, and has a complete list of wines, beers and cocktails.Strongbow Inn For more than 70 years, family-owned and operated Strongbow Inn has served turkey specialties every day of the week.You don’t have to wait for the holidays for turkey at Strongbow Inn, once the site of a turkey farm. The traditional decor and home-style menu is as comfortable as Grandma's house. Definitely try the turkey in one of the many ways it’s served, including traditional sliced turkey, tasty turkey schnitzel, turkey Marsala or the Gobbler's Delight--a whole turkey leg. The Strongbow turkey pie includes generous chunks of turkey in gravy, baked in a pastry shell. The turkey pie comes to the table with a side of gravy, mashed potatoes, herbed dressing, cranberries and dinner rolls so delicious that they’re worth loosening your belt for. The Sunday brunch is a big draw. Expect to wait for a table during buffet hours, 10:30 am to 2 pm, though reservations aren't necessary most other times. Designer Desserts This studio-sweet shop is an explosion for your senses. The colors hit you at the door, the aroma is amazing, and (once you decide), the flavors win you over!Owner Adam Wiltfang has been whipping up decadent cakes for six years, earning the official baker status at nearby Michigan City's Blue Chip Casino. You’ll win big at the sweet shop with over-the-top cupcakes that require a fork. Choose from more than 15 decadent delectables daily, but the jumbo old-school chocolate cupcake and flamboyant coconut cream are consistent customer favorites. Plunk down in poufy armchairs to indulge in cupcakes, pies, cakes, cookies, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies and mousses. You can get Adam's pink-o-licious hot chocolate (white chocolate colored with pink food coloring) poured year-round. The girly, swirly, pastel-color shop also serves lunch. Adam recently added a full-service candy counter. Choose from chocolate-covered nuts, truffles, new and exciting candies, and standby favorites from Grandma's crystal candy dish. Bistro 157 Chef Nicole Bissonnette's contemporary Bistro 157 in downtown Valparaiso draws foodies from Chicago. Exposed beams with industrial lighting highlight contemporary artwork that adorns gallery-style walls in the bistro. The presentation of French-Asian cuisine is just as artful, made with farm-fresh ingredients that change regularly, reflecting the Midwest's seasonal bounty.While seated at the bar sipping a glass of wine, many patrons make a meal of the appetizers and the fresh bread. The six-piece sushi appetizer changes daily. Balance the surf nibbles with juicy Kobe beef baby burgers. The summertime must-have salad: oven-roasted beets topped with broiled goat cheese croutons, roasted walnuts, orange slices and shaved fennel drizzled with citron-olive oil vinaigrette. Lucrezia Cafe Lucrezia transforms a tiny Victorian house into a lovely trattoria, serving delicious Northern Italian cuisine in a cozy dining room or alfresco.Named for a renaissance femme fatale, Lucrezia is a knockout in the fine dining category, serving an impressively wide menu for a restaurant that seats 40 people. The intimate setting is warm and inviting and matches the service. Seasonal specials can be found on the chalkboard near the tiny bar, a prime spot while waiting for a table to open. Lucrezia is known for super tender roasted lamb shank, as well as pastas, grilled meats and seafood dishes. Meals begin with warm sliced bread and olive oil, which is so popular it’s sold next door at Good to Go by Lucrezia, an even tinier house. The food tastes as good as it looks and utilizes seasonal ingredients like spring peas, which explode in your mouth. Red Cup Cafe and Deli Small-town goodness is a main ingredient in this downtown historic building, once home to a hardware store.Some of the original details remain—like a multi-drawer cabinet-counter, corner water pump and beaded-board ceiling that resembles a giant red-and-white quilt.Owned by Chrissie Jackson, Red Cup is Chesterton's hub of daytime social life. Locals gather to share news over fresh-brewed coffee, homemade coffee cake, scones and biscotti. Red Cup's relaxed crunchy granola atmosphere makes it easy to extend morning coffee into a lunch of one of the sandwich, quiche, soup and salad selections posted on the blackboard. Or take your meal to go for a picnic at the woodsy and beach spots just 5 miles north at Lake Michigan and the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore. Everything is made on the spot and worth the slight wait time. For a real indulgence, get the peach crumble coffee cake.ShoreLine Brewery and Restaurant This microbrewery raises the culinary bar with an upscale and inventive menu that complements its handcrafted brews.The entire brewery operation is on-site and serves as part of the decor: A high wall of windows in the main bar and dining area lets patrons look in on the operation. Seating is comfortable and spacious, with substantial wood dining tables topped with butcher paper, maintaining a brewpub atmosphere. But the menu is not your typical pub grub. The brewery serves high-end entrees such as mahi mahi risotto, chicken breast in a mushroom-brandy cream sauce and slow-cooked lamb shank covered in oatmeal stout beer demiglace. The menu also includes simpler steak and pasta dishes, along with a roster of sandwiches, homemade soups and good-looking salads. A chalkboard on the wall lists a half-dozen beer offerings, including Singing Sands oatmeal stout, Curse the Goat dopplebock, a light blueberry ale called Stella Blue, and Beltaine Scottish ale, a two-time winner in an international beer competition. Stop 50 Wood Fired Pizzeria
Open seasonally, this neighborhood pizzeria specializes in Naples-style wood-oven pizza using fresh ingredients.Stop 50 Pizza has managed to transform a former convenience store into a destination restaurant near the shores of Lake Michigan. The warm and inviting atmosphere complements the blazing wood-fired brick oven you can view while your pie bakes. The imaginative menu makes for tough decisions with options like Parmigiano-Reggiano with red onion, pistachios and rosemary; wild mushroom; and prosciutto with pistachios, mozzarella and rosemary. The thin pizzas are small (12 inches); plan to order one per person. Specialties also include fresh salads, tasty appetizers like firecrackers (goat cheese baked in a spicy tomato dipping sauce, served with roasted bread sticks), local beers, selected wines, cappuccino and delicious house-made gelato.This family-friendly spot is open daily from Memorial Day to Labor Day, weekends only in spring and fall. Closed December through February.
More Lodging
Pick 1, 2, or all 3
More Discounts
Find things to do that are always free or are offering special deals.
Browse for special vacation packages and discounts.
Look for establishments offering coupons or discounts.
<|endofexample|>
“Aguas Calientes”, relax in Machu Picchu [English]
Aguas Calientes is the old name which today receives the Machu Picchu village, these hot springs are generally an attractive previous to visit to Machu Picchu, is an irresistible place for visitors as it is located very close to the population and hence of their hotels or guesthouses. The hot springs of Aguas Calientes are at [...]
Posted in archaeological park, Camino del Inca, Cusco, Hot Springs, Machu Picchu, natural area, Recursos naturales, Tourism • No Comments »
<|endofexample|>
Julie at The Intrepid Thread asked me to put together a bundle for her shop, and I couldn't resist! Putting together fabrics is my favorite part! I've really been drawn to purple lately, so here is the bundle I came up with, the Cool Breeze bundle! You can find it as a fat quarter bundle and a half yard bundle!
Cool Breeze Bundle @ The Intrepid Thread!, a photo by jenib320 on Flickr.
We've got a Cool Breeze Fat Quarter Bundle to give away to one of you!
To enter: Just leave a comment!
For a second entry, head on over to Julie's shop, then come back here and leave another comment with your favorite item or bundle! :)
International entries are welcome! Make sure your email address is viewable in your profile or you include it in your comment. Giveaway will be open until Monday at 5pm CST. Winner will be chosen with random.org.
Good luck & Happy Friday!
**Giveaway is now closed!**
I love Intrepid Thread! And your bundle is gorgeous!
What a beautiful fabric bundle!
My favorite right now is the woodlands bundle in blue!
As for my favorite item, I'd have to go with the teeny mushrooms in A Walk in the Woods. So adorable!
I'm loving the Poetica. Love the Seafoam in that. Yum.
Oh my ... am in love with the bundle! We just moved into a new house and am thinking about doing our bedroom in purple ... So the bundle will get used for sure!
Wow what gorgeous fabric!! Love it! Thanks.
Thanks for doing this. Intrepid Thread has the best website now. Love the large pictures.
Love the purples in there! Great bundle
Purple is my fav color. . and this bundle is lovely!
loving purple these days too!! beautiful bundle!
thanks for sharing!!
laurajeannemartin@gmail.com
Love the Flea Market Fancy :-)
Great bundle. I think I need help in grouping. Contrast is the hard part for me.
Does it count I just got some FMF from Julie? I la la lovely it! Another line that I'm loving is the pezzy prints. . YUM. Thanks for the giveaway my dear.
Love the purples and aquas together! My new favorite combination at the moment!
parks.rebekah@gmail.com
Love it
Happy birthday again! great bundle choices!
So Pretty! I love it all, but especially Poetica Serenade.
I love most of the things in Julie's shop, i'm an avid shopper there :)
I have always loved purple. When I was a little girl, my room had purple carpet!
The Cool Breeze bundle is beautiful.
this would be a perfect housewarming gift for one of my good friends!! mrs_robinson@rogers.com
Beautiful bundle, cute Bunny and gotta love a girl that celebrates her birthday all week! Happy Birthday!
Cabana blooms it awesome!!
great bundle! i always struggle to add purples to the stash but your stack looks great together.
And im really loving the Summerlove collection. Julies Summerlove in Blue Crush is perfect!
parks.rebekah@gmail.com
These fabrics are gorgeous. Happy Brithday, mine is next Wednesday!
i just love that woodland tales bundle in blue.
I love the purples in this bundle! Thanks for the giveaway!
the intrepid thread is new to me - yeah!! I love the cream to curry yellow bundle - so sweet!
thanks again!
laurajeannemartin@gmail.com
and over at Intrepid Thread it's a toss up between Lucy's Crab Shack and Peak Hour!
I love the color pallette. I'm not usually attracted to purple combos.
This is a lovely grouping!
jen.bentley@utoronto.ca
I've been drooling over this fabric for a while now. I just made a big purchase but I really want this still.
What a beautiful bundle!!
Cosmos or Poetica are my favorite.
I don't know which is my fave! I like A Walk in the Woods and Fruit Slice best at this moment. That will change in an hour :)
I love this site. I really like the Summersville designs, which you don't see anywhere else and several of the soon to be released lines. I need to shop.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for the chance to win this great bundle!
That bundle is so pretty! Thanks for the chance! :)
Nice work! I think cool breeze is a perfect name for this :) Thanks for the chance to win!
ellen
ehystead (at) gmail (dot) com
My favorite bundle in the shop is Fruit Slice! Love the bright colors!
This bundle is beautiful, purple is my favorite color!
I'm torn between the Fruit Slice bundle and the Impressions bundle in her shop. Thanks again for the chance!
This is such a pretty bundle! Thanks for the chance to win :)
Oh my your bundle you put together is gorgeous..PURPLE is my fav! lilmissewmagic@yahoo.com
And I am loving flea market fancy. I am really hoping to talk the hubby into letting me buy some soon!! lol
Love the Cool Breeze colors - they are my very favorite! Have a great rest of your birthday week.
k.nadel@comcast.net
What a gorgeous bundle!
What a wonderful fabric collection..I see your large star tutorial in those colors, now I will dream about it.Great giveaway! Thanks Jeni!
I love her new cabana collection!
I think my favorite bundle from intrepid thread is the Maya bundle, I love all of the primary colors :)
Thanks again,
ellen
ehystead (at) gmail (dot) com
I LOVE this bundle - it is one of my favorite faberic bundles I have seen in a while. Thank you for pulling it together (and for the chance to win it!).
Gorgeous bundle Jeni! Thanks for the chance to win :)
My favourite is the Poetica - sweet melody!
jen.bentley@utoronto.ca
OMG! I LOVE those colors together. Happy birthday to you, mine is next week and I am treating myself to some more fabric :-)
wowzers! that is an amazing bundle of color--I love it!
I need more fabric! I've been destashing but hoarding is so much more fun.
The Poetica complete collection at Intrepid Threads really caught my eye! I also really like the Impressions blue and teal bundle.
So much fabric, so little time!
OH, the new Flock line is very difficult to resist!!
Amazing fabrics...I like the purples with the aquas. Great choices!
Cosmos 1/2 yard bundle in Vermillion, that's what I would get, if I had that much money. Wait, how much was it?
I never would have thought to pair purple with aqua, but it is lovely! Thanks for a chance at some of this yummy fabric!
MGM
love it
I want those yellows in the cream to curry bundle
Thanks for the chance to win:) I am loving purples and teals lately, too:)
If I had to choose one bundle from Intrepid Threads it would be Cream to Curry.
thanks for the chance!
I am also in love with the "Hello Pligrim" fabrics:) They are so Spring like and vibrant!!!
my purples are severely lacking - and this is a beautiful bundle!
Beautiful bundle. It needs to become a quilt draped on a porch swing.
I really love the 2nd print in this stack...off to find its name :)
-annabelle
Love the colors! Thanks for the chance to win!
Figures...I really liked the Sommersville Town in Coal by Lucie Summers...and it's out of stock...for now only, I hope.
Woodland Tails in Green half yard bundle really caught my eye! I think I'd pick that or any one of the charm packs as my favorite item.
MGM
What a beautiful bundle! Thank you for the chance to win.
Great bundle, I love the cool colors!
I love the bundle you've put together. Thanks for a chance to win.
LOVE the bundle you put together. I'm really into blues and purples right now. Throw in some lime green and I'm a happy camper.
I love The Intrepid Thread shop. Cosmos is my favourite line at the moment. Must get some!!!
My favorite line at Julie's shop is the Summerville in the section 'coming soon'. Such lovely colors and designs!
i'm really digging the maya fat quarter bundle from julie's shop!
I'm loving the Summerlove fat quarter bundle! All those pale blues and oranges are so pretty!
Just beautiful! Thanks for the chance to win!
I Love Intrepid Thread they have such high quality fabric I ordered the Poetica fat quarter bundle earlier this month and was very excited how beautiful the fabric was when it arrived, cant wait to use it! I will defiantly be buying more and would absolutely love to win this fabulous bundle you have put together using the fabric lines they carry! lilmissewmagic@yahoo.com
hanks for the giveaway! And Happy Birthday.
Favorite fabric collection is A Walk In The Woods by Aneela Hoey for Moda.
You know, I'm not a big fan of purple but lately I'm drawn to deep shades of plum
I love The Intrepid Thread. Cabana Blooms is my favorite new line in the shop.
I love the tangerine bundle
I am loving the Pezzy Prints right now!
Thanks for another great giveaway Jeni. I hope you have had a wonderful birthday week and that you have been spoiled like you are spoiling us!
Cool Breeze looks wonderful!
I love the special attention Julie gives you, even when she was on vacation she tried to help me out.
Love the giveaway!
This is a dreamy bundle - oh! would I love to win it!! Thanks for the chance!!
Cabana Blooms - Paisley in Grey really caught my eye. It's so pretty!
Cool Breezeeee makes me feel fine! Exploring all the Jasmine in my Minnnnnnd. LOVE. XOXO.
Is there a bad bundle?? I love them all like they are my kids! Don't make me choose...but I have to say I can't wait for Nightshade to come out! :)
How cute!!
Beautiful! I would love to win this. : )
Poetica - Serenade in Daylight is the name it, lovely print. And i'm also loving Cocoon - Large Butterfly in Stone, Large Floral in Stone,Butterfly in Bamboo, Damask in Hyacinth, Cocoon in Lead all coming in April......and Lucy's Crab Shack is just the cutest with text prints and plaids love them.
thank you both :)
-annabelle
I really love this Poetica print that julie has in her shop,
I just ordered a few pink FQs and this wouold fit right in :-)
Oooh, and I love the Summerlove bundle. Such gorgeous colors!
Gorgeous bundle! I would love to add it to my stash!
Oooooo. That's a VERY beautiful bundle. Happy Birthday/week! It's my birthday week too :)
I just bought a ton of Riley Blake Peak Hour from Julie, I have been waiting for it to come out since I heard about it in November. Love it, it will be perfect for my boys' big boy bed quilts.
I love the purples! This bundle is so aptly named and beautiful! Thank you for the chance to win.
My favorite bundle would be Cosmos in azure. I love that collection!
Purple is on my radar right now - beautiful.
What a beautiful bundle! Thanks for a chance to win! :)
Fantastic colors! Thank you for a chance to win.
Dutch hugs
Your bundle is beautiful - you have a real gift for creating color combos! Thanks for the chance to win and Happy Birthday!!
Thi si an absolutely gorgeous bundle! Love it! Thanks so much for a chance to win!
Thank yo for chance to win.
http//richardquilts.blogspot.com
I love in the coming soon section the Santa clause is coming to town.
http//richardquilts.blogspot.com
I just found the Peak Hours - Ads fabric. It is just adorable - classified ad for trucks and vehicles - perfect for a little boy quilt!!!
The Intrepid Thread is one of my favorite places to shop. Bundles are my weakness and she's got a lot of great ones. My other favorite (besides yours) would be Summerlove -In Blue Crush. :)
I've been to Julie's shop ( don't know if that was very wise, I ended up rather greedy LOL)
I esp. love the new line 'vintage modern', fantastic colors and designs.
Have a great weekend,
My favorite in Julie's shop is the Flock complete fat quarter collection!
Great picks! Love these cool, bright colors!
I like the Impressions - Fat Quarter Bundle in Blue and Teal. Very cool colors! :)
I love the poetica bundle! thanks for the chance!
I have a purple lovin' daughter, this could be the start of a new quilt for her.
Love this bundle!! So pretty :)
I love your blog, thanks for sharing the giveaway!
I love the Maya & Fruit Slice bundles :)
I'm loving the Summerlove - Half Yard Bundle In Blue Crush by Pat Bravo.
I love the Poetica bundle in Seafoam Symphony also! Love these aqua/purple bundles! Thanks for a chance to win!
What a gorgeous bundle you have put together! So lovely!
What a great bundle! I love all shades of purple.
VISITED JULIE! MY FAVORITE BUNDLE IS "A WALK IN THE WOODS"! THANK YOU FOR SHARING A GREAT GIVEAWAY!
msstitcher1214@yahoo.com
Love the colors!
I LOVE the poetica in seafoam symphony bundle! I just love anything by Pat Bravo.
SWEET SWEET GIVEAWAY!
THANK YOU FOR A CHANCE TO WIN!
HAPPY STITCHING!
msstitcher1214@yahoo.com
Love this bundle and LOVE Julie's shop! I'm so glad she opened up.
You've picked some great purples. I'd love to find a project for them. Kathie l in Allentown
I love the new Flock fabric. I recently made a quilt with his Pear Tree line and loved the fabrics. Kathie L I Allentown
My stash is particularly lacking purple- which is strange, since it is my favorite color! What a great bundle!
I love The Intrepid Thread. This bundle is gorgeous! Thank you for the chance to win.
I love the purples in the collection!
My favorite fabric is the Power Pop Confetti in Freesia! So spring!
Wow Jeni, you put together such a beautiful bundle! Thanks for the great giveaway!
Greetings from Switzerland
Beautiful color palette! Thanks for the giveaway!
You put together a really beautiful bundle. Today was my first visit to The Intrepid Thread and I'm hooked!
Gorgeous bundle, they would definitely enhance my stash :) Great giveaway!
Love the fabrics, and love this shop. Great customer service!
I LOVE your site!
:)
I like the "peak hour" line~ I would get some of that!
Happy birthday week! As I was organizing my fabric this week, I thought, "Gee, I have very little purple." :)
Thanks for the great giveaway.
I love the new Kate Spain line, Good Fortune.
Love this fabric and would love to win this bundle!
Steffany
Smkerkstra@hotmail.com
Love the fabrics, and love this shop. Great customer service!
Pretty purples! I don't have much of that color in my stash, this would be perfect to add.
What fantastic choices! Like Spring mist
Happy birthday week, and happy friday too! Cute bundle :)
I'm loving the Summerlove bundle over at the Intrepid Thread.
My favorite bundle in the shop would be the fruit slice, I think.
So many lovely bundles at the Intrepid Thread, so difficult to choose. My current favourites are the yellow FQ bundle From Cream to Curry and the Poetica FQ bundle in Seafoam Symphony, but that might change next time I am shopping! The customer service from Julie is excellent, I cannot recommend her store highly enough!
Love those colors!!!
I really like the Alpine Wonderland
I wouldn't have thought to put the purple and teal together - but this stack is gorgeous!
Thanks for the great giveaway and happy birthday!
I like the peak hour line!!! perfect for my boys :)
Wow!! thank you, This is a beautiful bundle you have put together for us....stunning!!
Pick me!
ESCOLHA PERFEITA DAS CORES AMEI.OBRIGADA. tiacarminhapezzuto@gmail.com
I think I'll pick Summer Love. It's just that they are all wonderful....
Nice. I need more purple fabrics. My purple stash is looking pathetic!
Your purples speak to me, birthday girl!
I LOVE Peak Hour - Ads in Grey. I just placed an order with Julie and I didn't know this fabric was available. Guess I will have to place another order...bummer! :)
Thanks for another great giveaway!
The Cool Breeze FQ bundle inspired by you is my fave bundle. Now I sound like a suck-up! :P
I'm looking forward to getting some of Lu Summer's new fabric - Summersville
Ooh, yum. My stash is low on purple, so I'd love to win this! Happy birthday!!
Love the "feathers"!
OMG that is a lovely bundle. I am really digging the turquoise /mint colour at the moment and purple is great with it.
This bundle is too peaceful and serene.
I really LOVE this patterns and color combinations. Maybe i´ll be lucky today???
Thank you!!
Eu estou no amor por POÉTICA. Obrigada.tiacarminhapezzuto@gmail.com
I love the Desert Daydreams bundle!
I love purple! Thank you giveaway! greetings from Hungary!
I love woodlands bundle. very ,very nice.
That's a really beautiful collection of fabrics!
(clumsy.chord(at)gmail.com)
What a great bundle; love that Poetica in there; thanks for chance! Happy B'day too! (marshudson at comcast dot net)
I have really been crushing on Fruit Slice by Khristian A. Howell lately...so that is my favorite bundle.
I love the name for this pretty bundle. Very fitting.
I've made several orders from Intrepid Thread (and wish I could order a lot more). I'm loving Poetica, A Walk in the Woods, and FMF right now. Thanks (marshudson at comcast dot net)
I really like Summer Love.
Purple is one of my favorite colours :)
Happy birthday to you!!!! Lovely fabrics!!!
My stash is very thin on purples so this bundle would be a great addition! Thanks for the chance to win.
My favourite bundle might be the Cream to Curry yellow bundles. I love yellow, but seem never to buy much of it.
(clumsy.chord(at)gmail.com)
I'm really liking "Summerlove" in Julie's shop ;)
You know I think your bundle is my favourite, either that or Verona - Main in Grey.
love that bundle! and my little girl looks super cute in purple!
I like lots of things at The Intrepid Thread but today my favorite is the Fruit Slice bundle. Gorgeous!
Oh golly gee, I hope I am lucky today, I haven't won anything in forever and this is one fine looking giveaway. thanks
love the lucy's crab shack collection
What a great combination: You and Julie. I love your sense of color and Julie is my favorite favorite fabric lady. Beautiful bundle with some of my favorite colors. Thank you!
<|endofexample|>
Statement of Faith
There is a list of the individual Statements of Faith at the bottom of this page. Click here for a PDF file of the complete Statement of Faith of Independence Baptist Church.
I do.
If you do not have Adobe Reader, a free version is available here.
MP3 audio is available for each article in the Statement of Faith. Click here for a list of those links.
Independence Baptist adopted the New Hampshire Confession of Faith when we were organized into a church under the authority of Faith Baptist Church of Lynn, Arkansas. We have not changed what we believe from that time until now. We have rewritten the article "Of The World To Come" to reflect a pre-tribulation rapture view, instead of the more general rapture view of the original confession.
The New Hampshire Confession of Faith. It may have gone nearly unnoticed outside of the New Hampshire Convention had it not been for the prominence it gained once it was printed in Pendelton's Church Manual. The text is taken from the Baptist Church Manual, published by the American Baptist Publication Society, Philadelphia.
Because of the gradual acceptance of sin, Independence Baptist Church is stating what we believe concerning creation, human sexuality, divorce and remarriage, abortion, homosexuality, adulterous pastors and many other points which are not included in the original New Hampshire Confession of Faith.
There was a time when every Christian believed moral absolutes, but that time has passed. Many today, who claim to be believers, have accepted sin, some even going so far as to state that pornography is good, healthy activity, even for the believer. They conveniently disregard the fact that God made coats of skin to clothe and cover the first couple to hide their nakedness from each other, and that God actively condemns fornication, adultery, nakedness, homosexuality, abortion, couples living together and all sorts of wickedness, both physical and spiritual
I appreciate your comments on what we believe at Independence Baptist Church, whether you agree or disagree. I love to discuss the Bible and the doctrines of the Bible. I will not argue with you about the Bible, as that does no good at all. But I will discuss these truths with you.
Many write with comments, but some cannot seem to refrain from calling me names, or even using swear words to describe their feelings toward me and what I have written. I will not answer such emails.
Contact Pastor: Independence Baptist Church
<|endofexample|>
Rates on the way up, says CU
Thursday 14 November 1996
Related articles
The group is also sanguine about the effects of the announcement on Tuesday that AXA and UAP of France are to merge to create the world's second-biggest insurance group. Tony Wyand, director in charge of European operations, said: "We see [the union] in a fairly positive light." AXA would help make the market more focused on shareholder return, which would benefit Commercial Union, he said.
The comments came as the life and general insurer announced that operating profits had slid from pounds 384m to pounds 348m in the nine months to September. The figures continued to be dragged lower by weather-related claims from the first half, which rose by pounds 62m and more than offset stronger results from the life insurance business.
UK profits slumped from pounds 244m to pounds 161m in the period. First-quarter winter storms and claims from terrorist bombings compounded domestic problems caused by competition. CU had to fork out pounds 17m in weather claims, pounds 7m following the IRA bombing in Manchester's city centre and pounds 2m for the bomb in London's Docklands.
General insurance premium income fell 2 per cent, but there are now glimmers of hope in the UK. CU said: "The rating environment remains competitive, although there are signs of competition reducing in the motor classes."
Life profit rose 11 per cent to pounds 178m, boosted by CU's French operations and a reorganised Dutch business. Life premiums climbed 6.4 per cent to pounds 2.8bn, with Poland more than doubling its premium income and Italy posting a 37.5 per cent increase. Insurance premiums from the life business now provide 43 per cent of the group's total premium income.
"The results show the virtue of having a good spread of businesses," said Trevor May, an analyst at Salomon Brothers. "In the UK, the premium income line is still weak. They're deliberately losing exposure and becoming an increasingly smaller operation."
The shares rose 6p to 645<<
<|endofexample|>
220,000 government files destroyed by accident
Related articles
More than 220,000 files relating to payments from the Government's Social Fund, which administers loans and grants, were accidentally destroyed by jobcentre staff in the past year in a paper reduction exercise, it was revealed today.
The National Audit Office (NAO) said missing case papers was a "significant" issue which had been compounded by the loss of so many files.
The comptroller and auditor general, Amyas Morse, said today he had qualified the Social Fund White Paper Account for the seventh consecutive year NAO said its best estimate of the total of overpayments in 2009/10 was £106.4 million, around 2.6% of total payments, up from £83.5 million in 2008/09.
The true level of overpayments, though, could be between £82 million to £130 million, the NAO said in a report.
Mr Morse, head of the NAO, said: "The Social Fund provides financial assistance to some of the most vulnerable in society and, of course, judgments associated with making discretionary awards are to some degree subjective. However, the material level of error in these payments has led me to qualify my opinion.
"I have identified a number of new challenges, as well as the existing issues, which the Department must address in the coming year. I will continue to monitor progress made to correct these problems."<<
<|endofexample|>
Football: DUNCAN FERGUSON Prison Sentence: Three months (Served 44 days)... A large number of footballers have also been jailed for assault, Joey Barton being the most famous in recent years, however Ferguson's case is perhaps the most unique. The Scottish striker who has had four convictions in total for assault spent time in prison after head-butting Raith Rovers defender John McStay during a game for Rangers in 1994. He ended his career with a reputation as one of the biggest hardmen in the English game.
GETTY IMAGES
<|endofexample|>
20th Annual Candy Cane Train
Year-end fun featuring a ride on a festively-decorated miniature train, holiday favors, and more.
When: Wednesday, Dec. 12, 2012, 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.
Where: South Coast Railroad Museum, 300 N. Los Carneros, Goleta
Cost: $4
Age limit: All ages
Categories: Kids & Teens, Special Events
Description:
In order to take part in all Candy Cane Train activities, attendees are urged to arrive before 3:30 p.m. Tickets are $4 (adult or child). Ticket-holders each receive a ride on the museum's festively-decorated miniature-train, a candy cane, and holiday favors, plus a coupon good for a future ride on the museum train. Additional Candy Cane train rides will be available for $2 each (All miniature-train riders must meet the 34-inch minimum height requirement). Advance purchases (available only through the museum’s online store) earn buyers an extra train ride with each ticket. Visit:
Event attendees will also be able to view the museum's festive holiday display, “Toy Trains and Teddy Bears!,” which also opens Nov. 23. Tickets will be available at the museum during event hours. Admission to the
railroad museum is by donation; a $1 donation is suggested for adult visitors.
Phone: 805-964-3540
Event posted Nov. 16, 2012
Last updated Nov. 16, 2012
<|endofexample|>
As usual, there has been a large turnout for the annual Global Airfinance Conference in Dublin, which formally kicked off yesterday at the swanky Four Seasons hotel.
The brochure for the event lured delegates with a raft of keynote speakers and interviewees including James Hogan, the boss of Etihad; Christoph Mueller, the chief executive of Aer Lingus; and Ryanair's deputy chief executive Howard Millar.
The latter two were interviewed by the BBC's Gavin Esler, a 'Newsnight' presenter who was undoubtedly paid handsomely for his brief workload.
Peter Barrett, the head of Dublin-based SMBC Aviation Capital, one of the world's biggest aircraft leasing firms, was also up on stage yesterday.
But in an age of Twitter and instant communication, the organisers of the event, London-based Euromoney Seminars, have somewhat curiously insisted on Chatham House rules for journalists covering the event.
That means that while what was said by speakers can be reported, who said it, or what company they're from, can't be.
The Punt has little doubt that during yesterday morning's sessions plenty of delegates were busy tweeting comments that were made.
It seems that it may have been speakers involved in the afternoon sessions yesterday who were the more cautious ones.
Hacks were barred from those sessions, which included the former chief executive officer of Southwest Airlines, Howard Putnam, as well as executives from other aviation giants including Boeing, Airbus and Pratt & Whitney to name – or not to name – but a few.
<|endofexample|>
Obamas Re-Election Chances Ride On A U.S. Bailout Of Europe?
By Alvaro Vargas Llosa | Posted: Tue. October 11, 2011Also published in Forbes
Europeans are starting to resent President Obamas increasing tendency to preach to them about sovereign debt and push them towards a massive new rescue plan to solve their financial mess. Just the other day, for example, at a press conference pushing his jobs bill, the president urged European leaders to come up with a very clear, concrete plan before the upcoming Nov.3-4 G20 finance meeting in Cannes.
Europeans are asking: What lessons can we learn from the country that triggered this three-year crisis and whose budget deficits and debt levels are on par with our own?
President Obama knows this well. But Europes problem has become his problem. And it could cost him his reelection.
Read the full article
<|endofexample|>
Has anyone noticed that government wastes water the same way it wastes money? Governments generally spend more than they collect and drain more water than what can be replaced by rain. Because of this waste, we need to correct misconceptions and keep informed about the Savannah River Basin.
The Floridian aquifer in the Savannah/Beaufort area is not connected to the Savannah River Basin. It has nothing to do with the flow rate within the Savannah River Basin. The problem is the removal of excess water by the cities that is then replaced by seawater.
The Savannah Harbor is a large excavated bathtub of salt water with high tides each day. This monster flow is the reason for saltwater intrusion and will be accentuated if it is dug deeper. Increased releases from the dams cannot affect it. Can you imagine the outflow from Lake Thurmond pushing the high tide back? This bathtub of saline is also the primary reason for low oxygenation in the harbor and is complicated by waste water releases upstream.
The waters of the Savannah River can only handle a certain amount of waste.
Georgia industry produces 98 percent of this discharge and the economic influence of those companies has prevented any decrease of the waste. This accumulation of waste, not water volume, is the primary reason for poor oxygenation.
Before reservoirs were established, the environment and its fish and wildlife survived severe droughts. Government agencies downstream have no scientific proof that intermittent changes in downstream flow affect creatures and environment. All they ever say is “maybe it will.” This is what obstructs most changes in dam releases.
The primary obstacle to the migration of the short-nosed sturgeon is the dam and canal at Augusta. It diverts most of the water to be used for water supply and power generation. This power generation is privately owned and sold on the grid for profit. The remaining part of the river water is diverted over the shoals (rocks) so, even without a drought, the sturgeon can barely swim upstream.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is the only group that can legally control the flows of the river. But its efforts are hamstrung by 50-year-old rules and regulations. Some policies can be affected and changed by using the “chain of command.” To my knowledge, no one in the corps has ever attempted to permanently modify these rules even though most acknowledge the inefficiency and damage.
Congressmen Paul Broun (Ga.) and Jeff Duncan (S.C.) requested an environmental assessment by the Corps that took 10 months to complete. This will permanently change the drought-management plan by decreasing the outflow during drought level 2 and 3. It doesn’t help anything now but at least they are trying. I understand that recently U.S. Senator Johnny Isakson (Ga.) has suggested that maybe we need to “rewrite the Federal Water Control Manual.” Maybe we can get our Upstate U.S. senators to pitch in as well.
I don’t know if anyone else has noticed, but over the past year there has been a small, limited amount of improvement in the economy of the nation. It is my opinion that this is a result of Congress and the president not doing anything. They have been staying out of our lives while they fought among themselves for their careers.
This supports my suggestion that we need a board of directors for the Savannah River Basin working with the corps and not influenced by Congress. The basin is like a huge corporation with many divisions. It could be funded by a portion of the funds from power generation since all of this money is now sent to the U.S. Treasury.
It gets frustrating not seeing any improvement or changes in management over the last 15 years. Maybe we can influence or elect some leaders who will help us deal with antiquated rules and control by a government that doesn’t seem to care. Meantime, let’s appreciate our beautiful area of the world and work to keep it that way.
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON, D.C. —.
Brennan, a 25-year CIA veteran, is expected to be hit with questions about torture and administration leaks of secret information. Graham's demands on the Libya raid could stall the nomination..."
Other Senate Republicans, including the No. 2 GOP lawmaker, John Cornyn of Texas, new member Ted Cruz of Texas and Mississippi's Roger Wicker, signaled took out a full-page ad in The Washington Post highlighting their opposition to Hagel, and Gregory T. Angelo, interim executive director of the gay rights group, said the gay and lesbian grassroots organization is considering other steps in a campaign against Hagel's nomination.
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Va., who does not have a vote on the nomination, called Hagel the "wrong man" for the job and complained that "his inflammatory statements about Israel are well outside the mainstream."
In an interview with the Lincoln (Neb.), D-Nev., Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin, D-Mich., and Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.,."
maddogmac writes:
I agree with Sen. Graham and hope all our representatives from SC will side with him. Also, why has the Fast & Furious gun selling to the drug lords in Mexico been hushed up? Don't give in to the illegal president again under any circumstances.
Thank you Sen. Graham.
Calcal (Inactive) writes:
What has this man done for any of the citizens in SC except talk while spit oozes out the corners of his mouth. A sickening site, all for the betterment of himself. When the time comes, that he announces his retirement and finally comes out of the closet will be a better day for all.....
Bornhere writes:
More sore loser sctivity
maddogmac writes:
Joe, you are welcome, sorry I had to be the one to tell you about the illegal president but now you know from an expert.
p18bone writes:
Why are people here picking and choosing what is investigated and not. If you want to put things on the table, put everything. You wanted the president birth certificate then college transcripts etc... Nothing is wrong with wanting to know but some of you are ridiculous. So our gov just don't have oversight right? Anyone can come here and be president right? You need to look at more than Fox News, Rush, Donald and right wing propaganda. Surely America is not as stupid as you portray us to be. There is a whole other world out there just walk to the edge of the woods and look. And keep in mind, we as the USA have never had a President Rep or Dem that did not love this country and wanted the best for it. Be nice if you wanted the same. Thanking you in advance.
ivasmile writes:
Darn, there is a person in the Anderson area who has some sense. As much as he has made SC look like a state of idiots, I don't how anyone could support him or any of his ideas. Heck, he might join our friend at the Heritage Foundation with any luck! The pay is alot better and he was have a perfect platform for his unnotable comments.
mountainman writes:
I would like to take this oppertunity to thank Sen. Graham and all our government officials for the $50 per week increase I will see taken from me each paycheck. I am so happy to be supporting all the baby machines and illegals with my hard earned money. I am especially thankful for my help toward all the pork added to each piece of legislation they pass. It is great to live and work in the "Land of the Free" and be taxed for such good reasons. Thanks to all Rep. and Dem. you all need to be voted out.
vansphoto writes:
I agree, CalCal, Miss Graham should come on out of the closet and see if the "haters" still luv him.
mountainman writes:
Whatever it takes for the Joeblows like you. Please just enjoy.
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
<|endofexample|>
Cheddar fire chief Paul Drake, right, and firefighter Josh West, left, stand near a barn fire at 13016 S.C. Highway 20 in Belton. Billy Gibson, Anderson County fire chief, said the firefighters responded to the unreported control burn, where men at the scene called the fire a demolition fire. Anderson County fire investigators are looking into the fire further, said Chief Gibson.
Be the first to post a comment!
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
<|endofexample|>
Staff at LP blog:.
0 responses so far ↓
There are no comments yet...Kick things off by filling out the form below.
<|endofexample|>
Hansie Cronje wears an earpiece to take instructions from outside the field during a World Cup match
On May 15, 1999, Hansie Cronje ran into the first of his many major troubles, when he plugged-in an earpiece, to receive instructions from coach Bob Woolmer, during South Africa’s first World Cup fixture against India. Karthik Parimal looks back at that incident and what followed thereafter.
May 15 2013, 1:16 pm
<|endofexample|>
This is a one semester 3 credit hour course that studies the sun as a star, physical properties of stars, principles of spectroscopy as applied to astronomy, double stars, variable stars, star clusters, gaseous nebulae, stellar motions and distribution, Milky Way system, external galaxies, expanding universe, cosmic time scale. There is one required text for this course. This course fulfills the natural and mathematical sciences requirements. Credit is not given for both A105 and A110.
<|endofexample|>
FORT WAYNE, Ind. () – A third-party firm hired to audit southwest Fort Wayne water utility Aqua Indiana released its Phase II findings. In it, they call for Aqua Indiana to create a new master plan to address service challenges and safety concerns by October 1, 2013.
In a letter sent to Aqua Indiana President Tom Bruns, Jim Atterholt, chairman of the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, says one of the chief concerns raised in the audit is water protection issues for Aboite Township area customers.
“While collecting information for the report, the auditor found there to be a potential fire protection risk. This is unacceptable and poses a concern for our agency,” Atterholt says.
Bruns says July’s peak water usage by customers amid the summer drought, which forced Aqua Indiana to hook up to Fort Wayne City Utilities, is the reason for the fire protection issues. He says that under normal circumstances, fire protection concerns would not have been raised.
“Under normal circumstances, that area would have been served by us off of our lines and would not have had a fire protection issue. It was only when they were connected to the city through a single eight inch line that there was some question about whether there would have been adequate fire protection had a fire insisted,” Burns says.
The report does say that Aqua Indiana properly responded to service and safety concerns during the drought by following on industry practices to hook up to the city. Where Aqua failed, according to the report, was in the long term or master planning that covers future infrastructure needs.
In mid-November, the City of Fort Wayne and members of 20 neighborhood associations announced and supported the move to condemn Aqua Indiana and attempt to take it over. The city made an identical move in the early 2000s with Aqua Indiana on the north side of Fort Wayne. A five-year court battle resulted in the City of Fort Wayne buying and taking over the utility.
Ted Nitza, program manager for City Utilities, says the findings in Phase II support the city’s move to condemn and take over Aqua Indiana.
“This phase two recommendations from the IURC that again documents that Aqua Indiana has failed to plan adequately for the future was no surprise to City Utilities, and again part of the reason why it's necessary to take more aggressive steps of moving forward with condemnation,” Nitza says.
He says the troubled utility has had plenty of time to either correct their issues or come to some sort of agreement on a cooperative effort with Fort Wayne City Utilities to provide water to some 12,000 customers in Aboite Township.
“They've had a number of opportunities a number of times over the past years and have invested significant amounts of money resulting in rate increases for those customers out in those areas and they've proven to be ineffective,” Nitza says.
Nitza does say there is still some room for joining forces to provide southwest customers with water but says the city will still move forward with condemnation.
Bruns says he hopes they can work out a deal.
“We'll be doing the master plan with an eye towards future growth and serving customers in that area. We'd like to figure out a way, if there is a way, to work with the city rather than going the condemnation route,” he says.
The city must present an ordinance to Fort Wayne City Council for condemnation of the utility. That must be approved. Then, the city will make a final purchase offer to Aqua Indiana. If no sale can be agreed upon, the case will be taken
<|endofexample|>
FREE
Quick Search
Advanced Search
Gyankosh- The Journal of Library and Information ManagementYear : 2010, Volume : 1, Issue : 1
First page :
(
97)
Last page :
(
104)
Print
ISSN : 2229-4023.
An Introduction to Library School Accreditation in North America and the American Library Association Office of Accreditation
Gomez Gabriel
Department of Library, Information & Media Studies, Chicago State University, USA
Abstract
The American Library Association (ALA) Office of Accreditation (OA) accredits library education programs in the US and Canada through a system based on standards. Programs seeking accreditation use these standards to evaluate themselves. Then this self-study, along with other reports and a visit from OA representatives, is used by the OA in a process that takes roughly two years. If successful, the program becomes inculcated with self-evaluating measures constitutive of its ability to educate librarians and information professional and the final result is also a credential others can accept as a sign of quality. Programs seeking initial accreditation must perform to the same standards but another set of steps and a longer period of time allow such programs to work toward accreditation.
Top
Keywords
American Library Association, Accreditation, Accreditation Standards.
<|endofexample|>
Simon Martin: UR Feeling - Camden Arts Centre
Exhibition preview
AN EXHIBITION entitled Simon Martin: UR Feeling will be on display at Camden Arts Centre from September 28 to December 2, 2012.
British artist Simon Martin’s new exhibition investigates the state between knowing and sensing, particularly in relation to the built environment.
He has set up a platform to discuss this idea, bringing into the gallery works by artists and designers including Richard Artschwager, Stephen Shore and Ettore Sottsass.
UR Feeling is research for a new film which Martin is developing, and will be punctuated by discussions, performances and film screenings to further elucidate his ideas.
The exhibition looks at how the combination of architectural form with attention to the history of a site can bring about a particular affect on the viewer, and reflects on the complexity of impression, appearance and effect when encountering something unfamiliar.
Working with video and sculpture, Martin records his findings by questioning ideas of value associated to historical objects and artefacts. To date his film works have included Carlton, 2006, a filmic meditation on the Carlton cabinet, a piece of furniture designed by Ettore Sottsass in 1981.
More recently, Louis Ghost Chair, reflects upon the classic design of the Louis XV armchair, its enduring cachet and significance and considers the object’s contemporary afterlife in the form of Philippe Starck’s tribute/update ‘Louis Ghost Chair’.
Admission: Free.
Times: Tuesday to Sunday: 10am – 6pm, Wednesdays late: 10am – 9pm. Closed Mondays.
Camden Arts Centre, Arkwright Road, London, NW3 6DG
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7472 5500
Website:
Also at Camden Arts Centre: Eric Bainbridge: Steel Sculptures.
<|endofexample|>
Game Type: iPhonePuzzle Mode:
The game consists of 3 different colored tiles (red, blue and green), and each of this tiles when pressed, emit a distinctive sound and affect its environment according to its color.
At the start of each level the player will have to figure out what tiles to press in order to get to the initial base tile configuration (all red, all green, all blue).
Revers Mode:
The Revers game mode is like the classic Simon game on steroids. But instead of following the sequence, you need to press it backwards, always getting to the initial base tile configuration. The auditory hints will play letting you know which color tile was pressed, as well as the visual hints, so in case you can’t memorize the sequence, you can still figure out what tiles to press in order to solve the puzzle.
Press on each tile and figure out the order in which they were pressed to return all of them to the initial color.
Comment
<|endofexample|>
One of the most anticipated specialty releases of the summer, Lisa Cholodenko's "The Kids are All Right," more than lived up to its promise this weekend, by far scoring the best specialty debut of 2010. According to estimates provided by Rentrak earlier this afternoon, the critically acclaimed "Kids" grossed a massive $504,888 from just 7 theaters in 5 markets (New York, Los Angeles, Toronto, Chicago and San Francisco), averaging a quite staggering $72,127.
This more than suggests coming weeks of aggressive expansion from the Focus Features acquisition could bring "Kids" a final gross that far exceeds expectations for summer specialty fare. It's also likely to give summer 2010 its second major crossover hit after last month's "Cyrus" (which continued to excel this weekend, as noted a bit later on in this story).
"Kids"'s numbers mark the best per-theater-average of any film released in 2010 ("The Ghost Writer" was the previous topper with just under $45,000 per theater), and the best of any film since last December's "Up In The Air" (which averaged $78,763 from 15 theaters). More over, it's an atypically high number for a summer release. If the number stands, it will be the highest per-theater-average ever recorded for a specialty film released in the summer months, and one of the 30 best per-theater-averages ever recorded. Comparably, 2006 summer breakout (and fellow Sundance pick up) "Little Miss Sunshine" averaged $52,999 from 7 screens in 2006 (en route to a $59,891,099 total).
"Kids," as many people discovered this weekend, critical acclaim mixed with this early suggestion of box office appeal has certainly made "Kids" one of the year's first bonafide Oscar contenders.
It was actually quite the weekend all around. Hollywood saw excellent numbers from debuts "Despicable Me" and "Predators", while two other specialty debuts could have easily found themselves this column's top story had "Kids" not been around to steal their thunder.
Debuting on an aggressive 110 screens (one of the widest foreign film openings in some time), Music Box Films released Daniel Alfredson's "The Girl Who Played With Fire," the second film adapted from the popular book series. Released just 4 months afters its intensely successful predecessor "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo," "Fire" (which has already grossed over $50 million overseas) took in a strong $965,488, averaging $8,777. That's very close to the $9,868 average "Tattoo" found on 34 screens back in March, and more impressive considering the much more substantial screen count.
"If we were to compare these two opening weekends using the same theaters or same zones, 'The Girl Who Played With Fire' actually exceeded significantly the screen average of the first installment of the Stieg Larsson trilogy," Music Box films said in a statement.
Of the 110 screens, 87 are in the United States, while the remainder are in Canada, where Alliance is releasing the film. The final film in the trilogy, 'The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest' opens on October 15, 2010. "Dragon Tattoo"'s total now stands at $9,318,187 in the U.S. only.
Much more truly "indie" festival circuit favorite "Winnebago Man" also had much to celebrate this weekend. Released by Kino International, Ben Steinbauer's doc grossed $20,168 from 2 New York City screens, including a fantastic $17,368 that came from Landmark's Sunshine, where Jack Rebney, the subject of the doc, alighted from an actual Winnebago parked in front of the theatre to regale several sold out screenings.
Gary Palmucci, Kino Lorber VP of Theater Distribution, commented that Kino is "very happy with this opening weekend figure but I think it's important to note that both of these were atypical engagements. With major media exposure for the film still unfolding - including a recent People Magazine piece and Rebney's appearance next week on the Jay Leno show - ahead of its upcoming expansion to LA, SF, Philadelphia and Boston, we believe the real success story of 'Winnebago Man' is still a work in progress."
Meanwhile, two holdovers crossed the $2 million mark this weekend, a rarity considering one is foreign-language, and the other is a documentary.
In its fourth weekend, Luca Guadagnino's critical darling "I Am Love" went from 82 to 110 screens and grossed a very strong $550,000, averaging roughly $5,000 per screen and taking its total to $2,050,051 with much more to come. The film, which richly details the refined world of a wealthy Italian family (led by Tilda Swinton, who learned to speak Italian for the role), is quickly becoming a significant success story for distributor Magnolia Pictures.
IFC Films, meanwhile, expanded Ricki Stern and Annie Sundberg's doc "Joan Rivers: A Piece of Work" to 115 screens in its fifth weekend, resulting in a $276,000 gross and a new total of $2,022,000. "Rivers" chronicles the private dramas of iconic comedian Joan Rivers and becomes only the fourth documentary of the year to cross the $2 million mark (after "Oceans," "Babies" and "Exit Through The Gift Shop," the first two of which had semi-wide debuts to benefit from).
Another doc - Sebastian Junger and Tim Hetherington's Sundance Grand Jury Prize winning doc "Restrepo" - went from 10 to 25 screens and grossed $101,692 for distributor National Geographic. That gave the film a decent average of $4,068 and a cume of $273,564, giving it a good shot of joining the $1 million club as it continues to expand.
After crossing the $2 million mark earlier in the week, Debra Granik's Sundance prize winner "Winter's Bone" had a great fifth weekend. The film, which follows a young woman living in the Ozark Mountains played by Jennifer Lawrence, went from 83 to 106 screens and grossed a strong $506,900. That gave the Roadside Attractions release a $4,782 average and took its total to a stellar $2,562,859.
Taylor Hackford's critically panned Helen Mirren-starrer "Love Ranch" fell off sharply in its second weekend. The long-delayed film went from 11 to 8 screens and found a unspectacular gross of $18,341, averaging just $2,293. The $25 million budgeted film was released by E1 Entertainment, which primarily distributes movies in Canada, with a reported advertising budget of less than $1 million. Its total now stands at $110,057.
Much better news came care of Fox Searchlight's "Cyrus." A significant expansion into the mainstream for brothers Mark and Jay Duplass - whose previous work includes ultra low budget films "The Puffy Chair" and "Baghead" - "Cyrus" expanded from 77 to 200 screens in its fourth weekend and managed a quite impressive gross of $1,375,000, averaging $6,875 and landing it in the overall top ten alongside films playing on 10, 20 or even 50 times the screens. The $7 million budgeted "Cyrus"'s total now stands at $3,521,075 as Searchlight continues to expand it.
Sony Classics' recent films Alain Resnais's "Wild Grass" Jan Kounen's "Coco Chanel and Igor Stravinsky" each expanded in their third and fifth weekends. "Grass" went from 6 to 17 screens and grossed $45,055, averaging $2,650 and taking its total to $170,420. "Coco," meanwhile, went from 43 to 47 screens and grossed $126,010 taking its total to a strong $775,106.
Finally, SPC also saw its long-running "The Secret in Their Eyes" and "Please Give" hit the $5.9 million and $3.6 million marks, respectively. In their 13th and 11th weekends, the films are still impressively pulling in $1,000+ per-theater-averages on 100+ screens...
2 Comments
peterindie | July 11, 2010 7:19 AM
By the way: “The Girl Who Played With Fire” only opened in 85 theaters in US.
Music Box Films has nothing with this film's Canada distribution; Alliance is releasing this film in Canada. Still, Music Box Films is reporting this film's North America box office result ($965,488 opening from 110 screens).
PS: I am not sure about this, but I heard that $9,318,187 gross for “The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo” is US only; please correct me if I am wrong. (Maybe it is because “The Girl Who Played With Fire” opened in US and Canada at the same day, but “The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo” didn't.)
peterindie | July 11, 2010 5:48 AM
Great to see that “The Kids are All Right" will become another Sundance movie that become hugely profitable.
On the other hand, Annette Bening's another movie "Mother and Child" has finally crossed $1 million mark at box office. Still, I think even Sony Picures Classics is surprised to see that "Mother and Child" would gross less than its video-oriented dump "Chloe".
<|endofexample|>
When?
Babies understand much more than we realize. When babies are quiet and alert, we ask them if they would like a massage. This helps them know that they can say yes or no to touch. We respect their body ownership and watch their cues to know if they want massage or not..
Come find a class near you!
Can both parents attend Infant Massage classes?
We encourage both parents to participate in Infant Massage classes. This gives your baby a chance to bond with each parent in his/her own way. Fathers and mothers often develop different styles and unique ways to interact with their babies, and these classes are a great opportunity for both parents to form a life-long bond with their child.
Classes are available near you!. You can gradually introduce back and leg strokes and then involve other parts of the baby’s body. By following your baby’s cues, looking for signs of being quiet and alert, you can begin massage during the first few weeks after birth and then gradually develop a nurturing routine that will last a lifetime.
What should I consider when looking for an Infant Massage class near me?
First, make sure the educator is a Certified Educator of Infant Massage (CEIM). This designation means that the instructor has attended a 4-day course, completed an exam as well as a practicum to gain the appropriate experience needed to teach parents. Also look for a course that is 4 to 6 weeks long. Infant Massage is best taught over several weeks so that new strokes and information are introduced gradually each week.. Learn more about appropriate oils.
<|endofexample|>
.
August 12, 2009
Source: The New York Post
The US government completely ignored Harry Markopolos:
- Markopolos: I gift wrapped and delivered the largest Ponzi scheme in history to the SEC
- Madoff whistleblower to slate ‘inept’ SEC regulators:
“It led me to conclude that the SEC securities lawyers, if only through their ineptitude and financial illiteracy, colluded to maintain large frauds such as the one to which Madoff later confessed.”
- Madoff whistleblower wants to be left alone
- Whistleblower document warned SEC in Nov. 2005 about Madoff’s Ponzi scheme
- A Madoff Whistle-Blower Tells His Story
Taxpayer money at work!
Tags: Derivatives, Derivatives market, Economy, Fraud, Illuminati, Ponzi schemes, SEC
<|endofexample|>
Industrial collaborations and contracts
INFM offers assistance to the scientific community in establishing commercial collaborations with industrial partners and other research institutions.
The
Promotion and Collaborations Office
supports researchers in the various phases related to the negotiation and formalisation of commercial contracts with industries in order to promote, valorise and protect scientific and technological know-how.
Quotations and draft contracts should be sent to the Office (
Roberta De Donatis
,
Caterina Foppiano
) which will provide an evaluation and check of contractual contents taking into account the following aspects:
costs analysis;
general analysis of contractual conditions;
legal, juridical and financial provisions;
IPR issues, protection and use of results, confidentiality;
congruity of demand/offer with respect to technical and scientific aspects.
<|endofexample|>
Tag
historic_monuments1 dataset
South Australian Photographs (State Library of South Australia) from data.gov.auFree Download — A 27.91MB dataset from data.gov.au. Selected photographs (92522) from the collectionsÂ of the State Library of South Australia. Photographs relating to South Australia feature localities across the state, houses and buildings, portraits, social and historical events, industry, farming, transport and more.
<|endofexample|>
ATKINSON, Richard Merrill,
a Representative from Tennessee; born in Nashville, Davidson
County, Tenn., February 6, 1894; attended the public schools; was
graduated from Wallace University School, Nashville, Tenn., in
1912, from Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tenn., in 1916, and
from the law department of Cumberland University, Lebanon, Tenn.,
in 1917; was admitted to the bar in 1917 and commenced the practice
of law in Nashville, Tenn., in 1920; during the First World War
served from June 30, 1917, until honorably discharged on August 29,
1919, as a member of the Forty-seventh Company, United States
Marines, Second Division, serving in France with the American
Expeditionary Forces; attorney general of the tenth judicial
circuit of Tennessee from September 1, 1926, to September 1, 1934;
State commissioner of Smoky Mountain National Park 1931-1933;
elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fifth Congress (January 3,
1937-January 3, 1939); unsuccessful candidate for renomination in
1938; engaged in the practice of law in Nashville, Tenn., until his
death there on April 29, 1947; interment in Spring Hill
Cemetery.
Source: Biographical Directory of the United States Congress, 1771-Present
About Infoplease, Part of Family Education Network
© 2000–2013 Pearson Education, publishing as Infoplease
<|endofexample|>
To put one through his facings. To examine; to ascertain if what
appears on the surface is superficial only.
“The Greek books were again had out, and Grace ... was put through
her facings.” —A. Trollope.
About Infoplease, Part of Family Education Network
© 2000–2013 Pearson Education, publishing as Infoplease
<|endofexample|>
MacMahon, Marie Edmé Patrice de (märēˈ ĕdmāˈ pätrēsˈ də mäkmäōNˈ) [key],.
The Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia, 6th ed. Copyright © 2012, Columbia University Press. All rights reserved.
Related content from HighBeam Research on: MacMahon, Marie Edmé Patrice de
MacMahon, Marshall Marie-Edme-Patrice-Maurice, Comte de.(Review) (book review) (book review) (Biography)
Additional search results provided by HighBeam Research, LLC. © Copyright 2005. All rights reserved.
About Infoplease, Part of Family Education Network
© 2000–2013 Pearson Education, publishing as Infoplease
<|endofexample|>
Description:
Movie summaries and listings powered by Cinema-Source
About Infoplease, Part of Family Education Network
© 2000–2013 Pearson Education, publishing as Infoplease
<|endofexample|>
Natural Laws of Software Development - Deriving Agile Practices
Recorded at:
Summary.
Bio
Ron Jeffries, an independent consultant in XP and Agile methods, was the on-site coach for the original XP project, authored Extreme Programming Adventures in C# and other books. Chet Hendrickson is an independent Agile/XP consultant. He wrote Extreme Programming Installed.
Agile 2008 is an exciting international industry conference that presents the latest techniques, technologies, attitudes and first-hand experience, from both a management and development perspective, for successful Agile software development.
Was It Chat's Fault ...
by
Shane Mingins
Re: Was It Chat's Fault ...
by
Deborah Hartmann
Live "slides"
by
Deborah Hartmann
Hello stranger!You need to Register an InfoQ account or Login to post comments. But there's so much more behind being registered.
Get the most out of the InfoQ experience.
Tell us what you think
<|endofexample|>
Programs.
[
Sub-Topics
]
Programs that provide for the education and protection of individuals who buy products and services for personal use. Included are programs that establish and enforce consumer protection, fair trade and other regulatory legislation; provide information and/or counselling province-wide,.
Individuals who have specific disabilities, medical diagnoses, ethnic backgrounds, national origins, family relationships, income levels, religious affiliations, special problems or considerations, or other targeted characteristics..
<|endofexample|>
Send e-mail to info@volunteerhamilton.on.ca for general information or questions about volunteer opportunities.
Every effort is made to ensure that the information in this database is accurate, up-to-date, and comprehensive.
Volunteer Hamilton and its partners cannot assume liability resulting from errors or omissions. Inclusion or omission of a volunteer opportunity is not a comment on its quality.
Brought to you by: Volunteer Hamilton, Inform Hamilton and CIOC.
<|endofexample|>
What CIOs Want In Their SuccessorsAre you an aspiring CIO? Listen to what these leading CIOs say it will take for you to reach that coveted position.
I recently participated in a panel session at Interop Mumbai in which four leading Indian CIOs discussed the attributes they're looking for in a successor. In preparation for that session, I talked with four CIOs in the U.S. about the same subject. Here's what they say they're looking for in their top people.
More Insights
Webcasts
- Protecting Enterprise Data in the Cloud
- The Truth About Agile Solution Delivery in Government: 10 Myths Debunked
White Papers
- Effectively Controlling IT Change
- CA Interactive IT Executive Series: Application Lifecycle Management Part 1
ReportsMore >>
Multidimensional leaders. "They may be brilliant technologists, but without the business engagement and leadership skills, they will not make it to the higher level," says Dave Bent, CIO of United Stationers, who advises would-be CIOs to gain experience in a variety of business and IT roles.
Jerry Johnson, CIO of Pacific Northwest National Laboratories, a research lab under the auspices of the Department of Energy, puts the emphasis on breadth of IT experience: software development, infrastructure, operations, architecture, project management. "Consequently, I encourage -- but don't force -- lateral movement within the organization," he says.
[ The role of the CIO is changing. These innovations can help you keep pace. See 5 Innovative Ideas For Enterprise CIOs. ]
Customer-focused product and brand champions. By "customer," we're not talking about the company's IT users. We're talking about the people who buy your company's products. Do you meet and talk with them on a regular basis? Do you know them?
Customer skills are particularly important for CIOs at technology companies, where the CIO often doubles as a dog-food-eating product spokesman. But a customer orientation is critical for all CIOs, says Kent Kushar, CIO of E. & J. Gallo Winery, who's as comfortable at wine-tasting events discussing vintages and palate taste zones (I've seen him in action) as he is at board meetings explaining analytics and supply chain management.
The best CIOs consider themselves retailers and bankers and manufacturers first, technologists second. (But don't underestimate the value of being a first-class, well-rounded technologist.)
Players. The best CIOs get to know, on both a professional and personal level, the senior line execs responsible for delivering their companies' core business results. "They ask them how things really work, how decisions get made," says InformationWeek's Secret CIO, who works for a $1 billion-plus company. "They figure out the results those execs are accountable for and, most important, how the execs' performance is measured."
Bent wants CIO candidates to have had exposure at the board level. "The CIO has to have the same broad leadership characteristics as any other C-level position -- listening, communicating, as well as leading," he says. Rajesh Uppal, CIO of Indian carmaker Maruti Suzuki, says tomorrow's IT leaders must "empathize with and understand their users and then come back and offer some value."
Battle-tested warriors. CIO candidates must show demonstrable wins on projects, IT and otherwise. "The best indicator of success is success," Kushar says. Our Secret CIO relates the time he asked one of his direct reports to improve customer satisfaction with the company's phone system. "She established call-handling benchmarks. She interviewed VPs and LOB managers to understand how they measured customer satisfaction. She learned about call centers. She talked with customers. She put a technology project in place as well, and when process changes were completed, she demonstrated, using the same metrics, that satisfaction levels had increased significantly."
Self-starters and go-getters. Arun Gupta, CIO of Indian pharmaceutical company Cipla, is looking to add 35 IT specialists to the 17 people now in the company's core IT group, among them a chief information security officer and SAP lead. "Are they going to put their neck on the block, irrespective of whether I agree or disagree?" Gupta says.
V. Subramaniam, Asia-Pacific CIO of Otis Elevator, says he wants people with "fire in the belly and fire in the eyes." He also emphasizes "the discipline of the execution. They have to make things happen, without excuses.".
<|endofexample|>
UBM Tech Log-in
Not Registered? Register Now!
By registering, you'll get instant access to our vast network of UBM Tech business technology resources including:
- Register once and get easy one-click downloads for all premium content
- InformationWeek Analytics analyst reports for IT pros, by IT pros.
- More than 10,000 white papers, case studies and reports on the TechWeb Digital Library.
- Receive a 15% discount on all educational conferences, including Interop, Black Hat, Cloud Connect, and more.
- Presentations and videos from UBM Tech events, including Interop, Black Hat and Web 2.0 and more.
- Topical Webcasts and virtual events from InformationWeek, Wall Street & Technology and more.
Register Now
<|endofexample|>
Commentary
National Health Information Exchange: Why The Delay?
Hurricane Sandy took many lives and caused billions of dollars in damage. But so does a healthcare system that still refuses to embrace interoperability.. >>
When Mr. Suarez, suffering from congestive heart failure, is discharged from a hospital to a nursing home, the nursing home staff can make any number of life-threatening mistakes if they don't have the necessary details on his medications, allergies, diet restrictions, and cognitive abilities. Multiply that potentially lethal situation by all of the hospital discharges nationwide each year, and you have the makings of a perfect storm.
[ Practice management software keeps the medical office running smoothly. For a closer look at KLAS' top-ranked systems, see 10 Top Medical Practice Management Software Systems . ]
So given the urgency, what are we waiting for?."
Among the political issues to contend with is a contingent of Congressional naysayers who would like to dismantle Meaningful Use, one of the most important measures to promote widespread EHR adoption. Obviously, we can't exchange healthcare data nationwide if providers don't have that data in an electronic system.
MU Stage 2 is slowly moving providers further down the path toward interoperability. It's being accomplished by insisting that at least 10% of patient data be transmitted "down the line" during any kind of transition from one care setting to another. It's a small step, but nevertheless a place to start.
Blumenthal also placed a great deal of emphasis on putting technical standards in place so that providers can share information more easily. ONC has made major strides in this arena, and more is to come.
A public-private consortium is putting in place a system that should provide interoperability among disparate EHR systems and HIEs. If it's successful, it will provide plug-and-play connectivity between EHRs and HIEs and between HIEs. This initiative would drastically cut the expense of interfaces and would let more than half of the U.S population and their healthcare providers access health data shared among multiple states and systems.
Healtheway, the new private-sector entity that operates the eHealth Exchange (successor to the Nationwide Health Information Network), has partnered with a consortium of states, EHR vendors, and HIE vendors to implement standards that will make it easier to exchange health information.
Despite this progress, there's at least one issue no one wants to touch: the individual patient identifier code.
I've spoken to several CIOs at large healthcare systems who have spent serious money creating master patient indexes that try to figure out if, for example, John Miller and John J. Miller are the same patient. All that work could be eliminated if each patient entering the U.S. healthcare system had the equivalent of a social security number. But whenever that proposal comes up on the national scene, we hear critics shout socialism for fear that such a numbering system brings us one step closer to a government-run healthcare system.
The sad truth about Hurricane Sandy is that the heroism seen during and after the storm in some cases quickly devolved into self-absorption as commuters fought over scarce gasoline and other essentials. Let's hope the nation's healthcare policy-makers and IT stakeholders don't succumb to the same kind of small-minded bick.)
<|endofexample|>
ND lowest as unemployment rate drops in three-quarters of US statesWASHINGTON — Unemployment rates fell in three-quarters of U.S. states last month, a sign that many parts of the country are experiencing modest job gains.
By: Associated Press, INFORUM.
Copyright © 2011 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. The information contained in the AP News report may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without the prior written authority of The Associated Press.
Tags: news, business, money, updates, economyMore from around the web
<|endofexample|>
Richard C. HagerThe funeral service for Richard C. Hager, 92, Valley City, ND, will be 10:30 a.m., Thursday, December 20, 2012 at Grace Free Lutheran Church, Valley City. Burial will be next spring at Memory Gardens near Valley City.
Those interested in personally extending their condolences are invited to a visitation, Wednesday, December 19, 2012, from 5:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. at Oliver-Nathan Funeral Chapel, Valley City with a prayer service following. Visitation at the church will begin one hour before the Thursday morning funeral service.
<|endofexample|>
Chamber president, Moorhead councilman take issue with pro-ND billboard
Incoming Fargo bishop’s former diocese didn’t participate in abuse audit
Packing a punch: Four women pursuing their boxing passion at Fargo club
Dubuque clinches Clark Cup with OT win over Fargo
- RELATED CONTENT
- The Dubuque Fighting Saints
FARGO – There was silence.
Photo gallery: MSUM graduation
'Run' the marathon route in this video tour
Follow The Forum's coverage Saturday at inforum.com, get the CoverItLive app for Apple or Android devices for access to our live blog, or follow on Twitter with #runFargo13
<|endofexample|>
M&C
December 2, 2010
Islamabad – Pakistan Wednesday rejected disclosures by WikiLeaks that it has a tacit understanding with the US government about drone attacks in its semi-autonomous tribal areas along the Afghan border.
‘We have fundamental differences over the US drone attacks because they are against our sovereignty,’ Foreign Ministry spokesman Abdul Basit said.
Fresh food that lasts from eFoods Direct (Ad)
‘We have been trying to convince the Obama administration to revisit the policy of drone attacks and stop them, as they are having long-term negative consequences.’
This article was posted: Thursday, December 2, 2010 at 5:46 pm
<|endofexample|>
Who Killed The Electric Car
Submitted by admin on 19. October 2009 - 18:13
Who Killedthe Electric Car? is a 2006 documentary film that explores the creation,limited commercialization, and subsequent destruction of the battery electricvehicle in the United States, specifically the General Motors EV1 of the mid1990s.
The film explores the roles of automobile manufacturers, the oilindustry, the US government, the California government, batteries, hydrogenvehicles, and consumers in limiting the development and adoption of this technology.
<|endofexample|>
In the state of Washington, it costs 200 dollars to establish a Limited Liability Corporation. All the documents are online and there is no shortage of tutorials on the process. It’s a whole lot easier to get a job because it’s real easy for one corporation to hire (and fire) another corporation. Taxes are simple.
Everyone’s liability is limited and transactions are conducted under a uniform commercial code. And there are no incentives for people doing what they are not good at and every incentive for people to do what they enjoy most.
A corporation is fictitious.
A corporation exists in the form of a bits and bytes simulating a folder of papers in a virtual file cabinet. A corporation gets to deduct all of their expenses from their taxes. A corporation has a credit score, it can borrow money, and even have a bankruptcy just like a person. A corporation can donate unlimited amounts of money to a political candidate. Corporation garner social respect. Laws favor corporation. In fact, the cards are stacked in favor of the corporation over the employee; unless, of course, you are both.
It’s all in the Management….of knowledge assets.
All of the business theories are written to apply within the construct of the corporation. Corporate accounting provides a host of clever ways to manage assets. You can depreciate assets, you can inflate or deflate “intangibles” as needed for whatever valuation purpose. You don’t need to show anyone your accounting either (unless you are a public corporation). American corporations don’t even need to hire American employees, or any employees for that matter. Outsourcing goes to other corporations.
Land, Labor, and Capital
Corporations allocate Land Labor and Capital – well, that’s the theory anyway. Land is underwater in a real estate bubble. Labor is tragically unemployable or under employed or outsourced to the political slave markets. Capital is being consumed by the “interest” monster conjured into existence from the debt. Uuhhmmm….So how’s that workin’ for ya’ll??
So why not become a corporation??
Social Media is able to perform almost all of the functions that a corporation would normally do internally. The “Last Mile of Social Media” is when local communities organize themselves on, say, Facebook. High integrity is rewarded and low integrity is punished. Now you can reliably find other corporations to do your accounting, Human Resources, Marketing, and content design and distribution.
If you need to actually produce something “solid”, well there will always be a corporation willing to do that too. All of these things are only a keystroke away. So why isn’t everyone a corporation?
No, seriously……
We teach our kids to be good employees, not to become good corporations. How do we expect social priorities to compete with Wall Street Priorities?
You must log in to post a comment.
{ 1 trackback }
<|endofexample|>
Press Service
Do you have a question about one of our press releases or do simply want more information? Our marketing department will be pleased to respond to your inquiry.
A photo is worth a thousand words
We have put together a selection of photographic material in our photo archive. We would be pleased to provide you with other subjects or formats on request.
<|endofexample|>
Once quality is nailed down, you are then often stifled by price, Ink Hub
can help. With Compatible Brother MFC-5490CN cartridges
at very low prices, and genuine OEM at very competitive prices, your Brother MFC-5490CN will
provide years of cheap,reliable printing.
Worried about ordering a product you've not seen or tried before? Ink Hub
stands behind all of our Brother MFC-5490CN products,
ensuring you get the best results from your printer. Coupled with our 100%
product guarantee, with either a replacement or a 30 Day Money Back Guarantee
should any issues arise. Ink Hub wants shopping for your Brother MFC-5490CN printer
cartridges to be a fast and hastle free experience.
If online ordering is not for you, but our Brother MFC-5490CN.
<|endofexample|>
Kids & Adult Aggressive
Aggressive Skates Overview
When it comes to grinding rails, hitting half pipes and launching jumps, the right pair of skates makes all the difference. A good pair of aggressive skates will give you the proper support you need for your tricks and turns, the protection you need for your feet and the comfort you want to be able to skate all day. Don’t get held back by the wrong equipment, here are a few things to look for when purchasing a pair of skates for aggressive skating.
Skate Types
There are three main types of shells when it comes to skates for aggressive skating. First there are soft shell skates. These shell are made from softer materials that will give you support while still allowing for comfort and flexibility. But these shells do not offer the maximum support so if you plan on launching bigger jumps, you may want to look into the next type of aggressive skate shell, the hard shell. Hard shell skates are more traditional and have been around longer than most other types of skate shells. Hard shells on agressive skates are typically made from some sort of plastic and tend to be stiffer, but more supportive than soft shells. Finally, there are also skates that use skeletal shells, which is sort of a combination of soft shells and hard shells. They use a hard exoskeleton with a soft boot inside that make them lighter weight while still having great maneuverability and protection. Some skeletal shells allow you to use your own shoes inside them for a customizable option.
Wheels and Bearings
Wheels and bearings are also very important components of your skates. Wheels on aggressive skates are smaller to allow for better maneuverability, and tend to be harder so they can endure the beating that comes with grinding rails and launching jumps. The two wheels on the outside of your skates are the standard wheels you actually roll on, while the two inside wheels are called anti-rocker wheels that are there to help you grind and land jumps. You will also need to make sure your bearings on your skates are going to be durable as well. Although bearings are usually thought of when it comes to speed, they need to be considered when it comes to making sure that they will not pop their seals while doing tricks. If the standard bearings that come with your skates do not seem to be holding up very well, trying looking for bearings made from titanium that will hold up better.
Aggressive skates are specifically made for tricks and jumps, it is highly suggested that if you do not intend to do these things with your skates that you look into a different type of skate. These skates are durable, easy to maneuver and have no brakes, allowing you to give them a beating in the park and keep coming back for more.
Related Articles...
<|endofexample|>
Search Results
Ouch! No Results. That's almost as painful as that crash had to be. Select a category from the below, or give us a call and we can help!
Try your search again using these tips:
- Double check the spelling. Try varying the spelling.
- Limit the search to one or two words.
- Be less specific in your wording. Sometimes a more general term will lead you to the similar products.
<|endofexample|>
Susan Galambos
Galambos – Susan Lillian passed away peacefully at the Lakeview Pioneer Lodge in Wakaw, at the age of 83 years. The Funeral Service will be held at the Faith Community Church in Wakaw, on Monday, July 30, 2012, at 11:00 a.m. with Pastor Mandi Hecht officiating. Interment will follow in the Wakaw Baptist Church Cemetery. Donations in memory of Susan can be directed to the Lakeview Pioneer Lodge or to the Faith Community Church. Funeral arrangements have been entrusted to Marc Blondeau of Kushneryk Funeral Service, Wakaw. 233-4403
<|endofexample|>
Ruth Gladwin
Born In: St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada
Born: June 29th, 1919
Passed in: Kentville, Nova Scotia, Canada
Passed on: September 3rd, 2012
Ruth Caroline Gladwin-93,of Evergreen Home for Special Care, and formerly of Kentville and Dartmouth, passed away peacefully at Evergreen on Monday, September 3,2012 after a short illness. The former Ruth Mitchell, she was born in St.John's,NL on June 29,1919, the youngest of eight children of the late George and Susannah (Bragg) Mitchell. A true Newfoundlander, she “moved to Canada” in 1944 and was married that year to Wynyard Robert “Joe” Gladwin. She and Joe lived in Woodlawn until they moved to Kentville in 1968. In Dartmouth she was active in organizations at Woodlawn United Church. She was well-known for her baking skills, especially bread and rolls, pies and “Nana's chocolate cake.” She was an accomplished knitter, making countless mittens, socks and sweaters for family and friends. She enjoyed crossword puzzles and cryptoquotes and cups of tea. She was a wonderful mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. She is survived by her loving husband of 68 years, Wynyard Robert “Joe” Gladwin, Evergreen Home for Special Care, Kentville; one daughter, Jane (Hugh) Townsend, Dartmouth; one son, Gerry (Jose Van Kippersluis) Gladwin, Greenfield, Kings County; five grandchildren, Gavin Townsend, Vancouver; Charlotte (Fayeque) Townsend-Rahman, Toronto; Graham (Patti Hackett) Townsend, Cole Harbour; Kaesy (Amanda Sin) Gladwin, Collingwood, Ont.; and Stefan (Shannon Tully) Gladwin, Whitehorse, Yukon Territory; five great-grandchildren, Claire and Anna Townsend, Cole Harbour; Isla Townsend-Rahman, Toronto; Orin and Greta Gladwin, Whitehorse; nieces and nephews, Ruth Boutilier, Dartmouth; Bob Annett, Cole Harbour; Sheldon Mitchell, Martin's Brook, Lunenburg County; Jill Mitchell, St. John's, NL; and Phyllis Ronayne, St. John's, NL; and two sisters-in-law, Shannon Gladwin, Eastern Passage, and Cynthia Mitchell, St. John's, NL. She was predeceased by three sisters, Violet Annett, Dartmouth; and May and Bertha Mitchell, St. John's, NL; and four brothers, William, Max, George and Robert Mitchell, St. John's, NL. The family would like to thank all of the staff at Evergreen for their excellent and compassionate care during Ruth's stay. No visitation and a private memorial service for family and friends will be held at a later date. Donations in her memory may be made to Valley Regional Hospital Foundation or the Kings County branch of VON, or a charity of choice. Arrangements have been entrusted to White Family Funeral Home, 100 Cornwallis Street,Kentville. An on-line guest book may be signed by visiting:.
<|endofexample|>
1524
As Anna herself appears naked, so does her music. It isn't dressed up with pretension, lies, or sidetracking trips to take your mind away from what is really happening. Instead, everything is straightforward and brutally honest. As the music grows on a dark essence, so do the lyrics. You can tell Anna's been in love before, or had numerous obsessions, because her lyrics center around intimacy, sensuality, and the workings of human relationships.
A strong passion for both the music (which is written and played by her 'boys' -- Raymond Watts, Euphonic, Sascha Konietzko, Hoppy Kamiyama & Optical 8, Martin King, and Guenter Schulz) and the lyrics, Anna may appear fragile through photos, but her voice shows another side. Powerful and brutal, her voice is about as strong, domineering, and confident as they come. Gruff and filled with a rough edge, her shouts do not get ignored.
With a voice and lyrics to pay attention to, and backing music to keep the point swift and hearty, Sow rounds out their music with a lot of content to please the listener. Although instrumental electronica has its strong points, it is so much nicer to sit down and enjoy a record with some lyrical content -- such is the case with this record. I'll give it an A-.
6f1
<|endofexample|>
Archive for October, 2010
Brunello Faucet by La Toscana
Posted by Michelle in Bathroom Faucets on October 27th, 2010
BRUNELLO
slim
slender
poised
Brunello is simple in its elegance, yet rich in its eloquence.
LA TOSCANA
airy
artsy
accessible
Italian!
La Toscana – Tuscany in Italian, with Florence as its capital – is the birthplace of the Renaissance. La Toscana's wonderful styles and flourishing designs create the Italian bathroom style and Brunello is a proud member of this group. I love the squares and straights in this style and chose to feature it for its strength of character.
Available in brushed nickel and chrome finishes, Brunello family includes the 3 hole or single handle lavatory faucet, tub filler, and thermostatic shower. A wonderful product with a wonderful Italian legacy. See La Toscana for yourself!
Iron Beds by Claudio Rayes
Purchasing a bed is a special experience, and it isn't just about mattresses. When entering a room with a Claudio Rayes bed, attention is riveted to the stately frame mastering the bedroom. All other furnishings and complements seem secondary to the sound statement of iron handiwork.
Each bed is designed in Italy and made in Buenos Aires under the direction of master blacksmith, Giuseppe Masera. Claudio Rayes beds are manufactured with care and passion and are considered a prized possession by their lucky owners. Painted, gilded, finished with the same attention as through the firing process, each bed is truly a creation of dreams.
Visit the Claudio Rayes showroom in High Point, NC for a firsthand glimpse!
Empire Bathroom Vanities – For every space and wall
Posted by Michelle in Bathroom Vanities on October 24th, 2010
For the room
you use quite much
Empire wows
with designs as such
Filling the space
with striking decor
Empire flavors your
home with more…
For Empire Industries, it's all about bathroom furniture and their complements. Contemporary, traditional, hand painted, hand carved and specialty vanities go perfectly with matching mirrors, countertops, sinks and accessories. Wading in their numerous styles and fishing out the furniture that best suits you, is both fun and satisfying.
For more than thirty years, Empire Industries have perfected their line – manufacturing quality bathroom vanities for the discerning homeowner. Is it your turn to discover Empire?
Vitraform – Glass Basins
Posted by Michelle in Sinks & Vessels on October 19th, 2010
Otherwise unfair to describe
Its beauty so distinct
If not for potential adoption
by those who need more than a sink
Vitraform glass basins allude to forms and fantasy, capturing the imagination and passion of homeowners and designers for the past decade. From black to clear and 10 colors in between, Vitraform also offers engraving options, a polished or frosted finish, and round or oval shapes. Even the functional hardware is decorative with Vitraform and is available in standard or specialty finishes.
It is not everyday that one chooses that special bathroom fixture and their unique pedestal sinks make a statement by showcasing absolute beauty. Mouth blown glass pedestal sinks emerge as a strong centerpiece in the bathroom. Vitraform sets the stage for lavish looks of luxury.
Trina Turk Residential – Pillows
Posted by Michelle in Furniture, Home Decor on October 17th, 2010
Plant them at your side
Bold and proud
An accent that brags "I'm just plain pretty".
Trina Turk, well-known for her spirited and popular clothing line, designs residential products that blow the California breeze straight through your home. The soft down embroidered pillows covered in bold bright colors mix and match for a kaleidoscope of beauty to dress up your best seat. Trina Turk boutiques are located in California, New York and Florida and offer a unique shopping experience in a modern decor. View all Trina's products here.
Native Trails – Bathroom Collection
Posted by Michelle in Bathroom Vanities, Bathtubs, Sinks & Vessels on October 13th, 2010
It isn't just
about copper
or wood
and nature
It isn't just
about making
your home
a designer's dream
It isn't just about
expressing your earthy
tones and finding
the perfect complement
It's about them
giving you their all
to cultivate materials
for a vibrant, living environment.
NATIVE TRAILS
Native Trails – a wholesome choice for your bath. I like to choose green. I like to choose beauty. I like to choose value. I like to choose quality. I like the unique, the simple, the articulate. I like products with personality.
Native Trails is the best choice for such likes. Tubs, sinks, bathroom vanities and accessories become alive with handcrafted beauty and distinctive character. Combining the founder's love for nature and copper, an appreciation for their artisans and talents,and a goal to surpass customers' expectations – it is easy to understand how Native Trails has become a household name in homes worldwide.
Veris Faucets by Grohe
Posted by Michelle in Bathroom Faucets on October 10th, 2010
Go the way
of the water
Roam the streets
of your heart
Own a part of
the timeless
Hear the song
of your art
Enjoy GROHE!
Grohe has been capturing and releasing water in the best flow possible for over 70 years. Their award winning designs and commitment to only the highest quality, have earned them a name of distinction around the world.
I am Very sure that Veris is one collection you will adore.
The sleek, sensual and inspiring design of the Veris colleciton, is a perfect blend and a perfect fit. With a ribbon-like spout blending into a cylindrical body, and the neat lozenge-like single lever or 2 handle faucet, the Veris sparks the imagination and fortifies the bathroom. Not the typical straight edge, Veris still captures love and life in its unique minimalist design.
Truth and Chatter – Fall Reflections
Posted by Michelle in Truth and Chatter on October 6th, 2010
Sometimes falls are a blessing in disguise. I don't mean the Niagara Falls type. I mean the getting into a funk type. You fall. You feel eeiwy. Ugh. Gross. Down. Below down. And then you get up and turn the page.
So how was that a blessing?
Because you needed the break. Duh.
When you are in that low state – less productive, less sociable, less love-able, just not your usual self – you are experiencing the other side of day. And to grow, one needs Night And Day. The new you stands straighter, tries harder, risks more, and gains new insights about life and relationships. Sometimes we need to crouch low for a while.
Is Fall a good time for that? No saying. The best time for falls are when you trip, or had enough, or got sick. Stuff like that. We don't appreciate them when they happen – but it's not a bad thing, I dare say.
<|endofexample|>
Coaching Services
Brands & Company focuses on “Helping leaders deliver profitable growth through sustained Innovation”
by applying Robert’s Rules of Innovation™, quote or book Coach commitment contact us with the following information: coaching@innovationcoach.com
<|endofexample|>
-  from V and Supernatural:
V (Tuesday nights, 9pm, ABC)
By Silvia Moreno-Garcia
V‘s ratings continue to drop, but that’s not stopping the producers from ending the show on a cliffhanger. The V Files has an interview with executive producer Steve Pearlman. He says that in the finale, viewers will get to see “the Full Monty – The whole lizard”. Will it be to little, too late?
Jane Badler is still promoting the show in Europe and seems to be having a ball doing it. This time, she was in France. If you speak French, I recommend you check out several of the interviews making the rounds. This one is a TV interview where she talks about her music career. In this one, she discusses the show, and reveals that her character will try to break free and regain her throne. She also reveals that Lisa finds her in the ship’s dungeon and they become allies.
Laura Vandervoort talked about her relationship with Tyler. She is now “going through her fertility phase, and is of age” and she has to “control urges.” Her instinctual desire to mate, then kill her mate, seems to cause some friction in the relationship. Frankly, I wish she’d eat the guy.
Some previews of the next episode show Tyler is going to become a pilot for the aliens. *Puke* I’m not the only person who hates this character, by the way. There are entire threads at IMDB dedicated to Tyler-bashing. Someone even proposes a solution: “Erica tells Tyler the truth, then he cries and pouts, then breaks it off with Lisa, and runs away from home to go live with his dad. End of the Tyler character. Then Joshua and Lisa fall in love and together, they fight the evil of Anna.”
Can someone hire that person as a writer?
Supernatural (Friday nights, 9pm, CW)
By Paula R. Stiles
So far, this week, in the previews for next week, we’ve got the CW preview and a clip showing Sam beating an obnoxious cop half to death after the cop stops him and Samuel. The preview (like the synopsis) had already clued us in that this would be a Sam-heavy episode with Sambot flashbacks, and I’m rather glad they’re getting this out of the way sooner than later. Plus, the spider aspect is intriguing. You can do lots of creep and body horror with spiders on a low budget..
Also, I know some fans get all hot and bothered over Sambot beating people up, but I’ve never bought Jared Padalecki as a violent person. Ever. Yes, I know he’s huge in person. Yes, I’m sure he gets angry at times, just like anybody else, and I’m sure that could be intimidating in person. But he doesn’t project menace on screen, not even when he tries. And I don’t think I’m the only one who gets this disconnect watching him – just look at how approvingly some fans see scenes where Sam goes off on someone, yet the fandom almost universally freaks out whenever Dean punches somebody’s lights out. This is because Jensen Ackles can project serious menace when he wants to. He’s scary. Some actors have that quality. Most don’t.
Still, I’m holding out the same hopes for this Friday as for last Friday, since “Like a Virgin” turned out okay and Dean seems not likely to get shoved into the shotgun seat of the plot any time, soon. In fact, the synopsis indicates that the main story conflict is Dean finding out about what Sambot did, rather than just Sam remembering it (though the CW preview is more about Sam paying for Sambot’s sins).
Movin’ on to casting, the role of Samuel Colt has been filled. He’ll be played by Georgia native, Sam Hennings. Supposedly, this fictional version of Colt will be rode hard and put away wet. Well, I’d think so, considering the real Samuel Colt died the year after the episode is set (on my birthday, no less).
Also, Katie Walder has been tweeting about getting a guest/possibly recurring role as Fate. Since she’s filming now, this appears to be 6.18, since Jim Beaver tweeted on the 5th that they had just started filming it (Guess that means Bobby is also in it). She describes her character as “very uptight“.
The title for 6.19 is out. It’s “Mommy Dearest“. It would be fun if the regular actor for the Mother of All turned out to be Samantha Smith, because that would be completely twisted, but I’m not holding my breath. Maybe the title refers to Ellen.
The synopsis for the dreaded meta episode (6.15) is now up:
 ‘Supernatural’ and they are actors named ‘Jensen Ackles’ and ‘Jared Padalecki’. The brothers are confused when Castiel appears to be a tweet-happy actor named ‘Misha Collins’ and Sam is married to Ruby (Genevieve Cortese). Charles Beeson directed the episode written by Ben Edlund (##615).”
I am intrigued at how and why the brothers and Balthazar ended up on the same side, enough to get labeled Castiel’s “allies” and get an angelic hitman on their collective trail. The rest of it sounds stupid, to be honest, and I’m really not lovin’ the backdoor attempt to get Ruby back. Oy. But we’ll see. I suspect it may end up like Edlund’s fairy entry – half-hilarious/half-idiotic.
Speaking of writers, Adam Glass gave a somewhat spoilery interview this past week. He went into a fair bit of detail on how he’s been approaching the show. I couldn’t help thinking that his mentioning that he had previously only worked on procedural/non-serial shows, coupled with his talking about writing Sambot giving the writers a chance to write the character however they want and Dean being there to give writers a chance to get in touch with their Inner Smartass, showed up a rather large problem with his episodes – they are…well…very episodic. The continuity is screwed up, the characterization all over the place. Pretty much what you would expect from a writer who has little experience writing for a serialized show. What I don’t get is why the showrunners haven’t stepped in to smooth out those rough edges and hand the man the show bible to read, already.
The latest CW schedule is up through April 1. We’re getting up through 6.16 (“…And Then There Were None”) on March 4 and then repeats after that through the 1st. So, we won’t be seeing the western episode until April. In other news, because Smallville is getting a two-hour series finale on May 13, Supernatural will be preempted that week and end its season with a two-hour finale on May 20, instead.
Finally, we move on to ratings. As everyone and their mother knows now, the show came back with a new episode, a week late, and the ratings were surprisingly solid (though the repeat ratings for 6.11 on Wednesday were kinda “meh” with 1.02 million and a 0.4 demo in adults). “Like a Virgin” got 2.25 million, a 1.0 in adults, and (wait for it) a 1.3 in women. In contrast, Nikita got below 2.4 million, a 0.9 in adults and a 1.0 in women. Even The Vampire Diaries only got 3.2 million and a 1.5 in adults, which is rather low for it.
And Fringe, after all that boasting that Supernatural would not make a dent…well, it did. Or maybe it was a bad moon rising. Or something. Anyhoo, Fringe dropped to a 1.6 rating in adults and below 4.3 million viewers. It if remains steady, it could be okay (still hard to tell), but it will probably keep dropping. And there is also the issue that Lie to Me went out well in its last two weeks with ratings above a 2. I’m thinking they will both be gone after this season (though I would like to see Lie to Me come back). At any rate, Supernatural is doing better than expected, and better than most on the network (90210 got under 1.7 million and Gossip Girl positively tanked with 1.5 million. Both got a 0.8 in adults) which is always a good thing when going into renewal season.
We’ll be back next week with more spoilers. Stay tuned and check out our reviews of V and Supernatural.
”.
LOL, ain’t that the truth. Enough is enough is enough already- even Sam’s previous arc as the chosen one wasn’t in every single freaking episode. Of course, as relieved as I am that we might finally be moving away from Sambot, the prospect of replacing that with weekly angsting over Sam’s soul/wall/guilt/memories is enough to make me equally queasy. The showrunners seem enthralled with seeing Sam as the woobiest,most tormented, victimized special snowflake in the entire universe- the one who needs to be handled with kid gloves and worried over incessantly. They might call that Sam “heroic”- I just call him “high maintenance.”
(And you’re so right about Jensen projecting that dangerous quality. Those scenes between Dean and Alastair still give me chills. And if I were Roy and Walt, I’d have moved to South America. )
I’ve pretty much resigned myself to next week’s episode being an hour long homage to badass Sambot. Yay. But spoilers for the other upcoming episodes sound intruiging so maybe the pace and plot will pick up after that. Glad to see that we were right about the Atropos/Fate thing- I’m really curious what that’ll be all about.
And keeping my fingers crossed that the ratings continue to hold. As annoyed as I’ve been with parts of this season, I’m not ready to say goodbye to the show yet!
<|endofexample|>
CATEYE Atlas is a website where you can view trips and data logged with your CATEYE computer.
The site uses Google Maps to show a record of every route you choose to upload, making it the perfect way to log your travels. What's more, if you use an INOU - CATEYE's cutting-edge trip recorder with built-in camera - you'll also be able to enjoy photos and videos you've taken along the way. You can also communicate with other site members by commenting on their trips, making CATEYE Atlas a great place to expand your cycling horizons.
Registration is free, so sign up now and start uploading your favorite routes!
<|endofexample|>
Texas Tech Football Player Deveric Gallington Busted After Bar FightTexas Tech Football Player Deveric Gallington Busted After Bar Fight
Lubbock, TX — Texas Tech offensive lineman Deveric Gallington, 22, allegedly got offensive in a local nightspot and wound up being arrested for misdemeanor public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
The incident allegedly occurred early Sunday morning at or near Mesquites Sports Grill and Bar after what Lubbock police called a “large fight involving several people” the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal reports. The incident near the Texas Tech campus occurred several hours after Texas Tech upset West Virginia in a blowout, 49-14. Responding officers broke up the fracas, and there were no reported injuries in the altercation. Two other men were taken into custody on more serious charges however.
Gallington, the Red Raiders’ starting center, was released from city jail on nominal bail and faces about $500 in fines for the incident if the charges are proven. According to UPI, police did not ask Gallington take a breathalyzer or a blood test but that “officers found him to be intoxicated based on their observation.” There are as yet no details available about who prompted the fight or why.
Texas Tech’s athletic department indicated that Deveric Gallington is still scheduled to play on Saturday against Texas Christian University (TCU). Texas Tech is rated no. 18 in the nation in NCAA football in the AP poll and no. 17 in the BCS.
Gallington, a senior, has played 39 games to date with the Red Raiders and was a heavily recruited high school football star. He became a starter for the Red Raiders in 2010. In the 2012 season, Gallington made the switch from offensive guard to offensive center.
<|endofexample|>
Barnes & Noble’s Nook Division Receives $89.5 Million Investment From PearsonBarnes & Noble’s Nook Division Receives $89.5 Million Investment From Pearson
NOOK Media, LLC, a division of Barnes & Noble, Inc. has announced an $89.5 million investment on behalf of Pearson, the world’s leading learning company. The cash infusion comes with a post-money valuation of approximately $1.789 billion in exchange for preferred membership interests representing five percent equity stake.
After the deal closes, Barnes & Noble will retain a 78.2 percent share of the company and Microsoft, which owns preferred membership interests will own 16.8 percent. Pearson will then own the option to purchase up to a five percent ownership stake in NOOK Media, LLC.
According to a press release from the company:
.”
William Lynch, Chief Executive Officer of Barnes & Noble, Inc., says of the new partnership:
.”
Adding to the excitement was Will Ethridge, Chief Executive Officer of Pearson North America:
.”
A recent report has found that more tablets are now being purchased than e-readers. With the Barnes & Noble Nook leading the way as one of the more recognizable Google Android-based tablets, the right partnerships could mean a big difference for the future of the Barnes & Noble NOOK line of devices.
<|endofexample|>
Chief Keef Sued For Child Support By Middle School StudentChief Keef Sued For Child Support By Middle School Student
There are more legal problems ahead for Chicago rapper Chief Keef.
The 17-year-old — whose real name is Keith Cozart — is being sued for child support by a middle school student who says Keef impregnated her in 2011 when he was 15.
The girl’s age is unknown at the moment, but documents say she is currently attending a Chicago middle school. She could have been in at least 6th grade or at most 8th grade when she gave birth to her child, a daughter.
In Illinois, Chief Keef’s home state, it is a misdemeanor for two people under 17 to have a sexual relationship, even if the relationship is consensual. When both parties are between 9 and 17, the older party commits “criminal sexual abuse” under the law, according to Hollywood Life.
The maximum punishment for criminal sexual abuse is one year in jail and being forced to register as a sex offender for 10 years. However, it is unlikely that the girl and her parents will pursue the charges if they haven’t done so already.
The girl is suing for an undisclosed amount of child support, as well as health insurance and other medical expenses, according to TMZ.
Chief Keef was recently sentenced to 60 days in a juvenile detention center for violating his probation. He was put on 18-month probation for pointing a gun at a Chicago police officer, and was filmed shooting a gun at a New York gun range last summer. He had also been the subject of a murder investigation when one of his rivals was shot in Chicago.
<|endofexample|>
BERKELEY -- A developer has proposed an upscale 355-unit apartment project downtown with views of the Golden Gate Bridge, community rooms with Wi-Fi, a fitness center and rooftop gardens.
HSR Berkeley Investments, managed by Los Angeles-based Hill Street Realty, is calling the $200 million project The Residences at Berkeley Plaza.
The developer already bought the buildings for the project bordered by Shattuck Avenue, Kittredge Street, Harold Way and Allston Way for $20 million. If approved the project would be the first of three 180-foot buildings allowed downtown under the 2010 voter-approved Measure R.
The Shattuck Hotel, also on that block, is separately owned and not part of the project.
Despite its promise to rejuvenate downtown, the project has sparked concerns. Preservationists question plans to demolish historic structures adjacent to the Shattuck Hotel to make way for the apartments, particularly the old Hinks department store building which now contains the Shattuck Cinemas. Developers plan to close the movie theater.
Steven Finacom, Berkeley Architectural Heritage Association board member, said the facade of the cinema building should be protected.
"There are these big beautiful windows all along Kittredge and around the corner onto Harold Way," which were painted over by the theater, he said.
Preservationists also question the project's impact on nearby historic buildings.
The concerns don't dampen
"No one's saying that there won't be some kind of impact," Rhoades said. "There will be an environmental impact report to work out."
Environmental Impact Reports mandate community input and can require project revisions.
Berkeley Planning Director Eric Angstadt estimates the revision and approval process could take two years.
"They've told us what they want to do and now we'll say what they can do," he said.
While he welcomes the project's high environmental standards and plans for open space, Councilman Jesse Arreguin, who represents downtown, said he has shared concerns with developers about the need for family housing.
"One of the issues I had raised with developers is if we want a broader mix of people living in the building, you've got to have larger units, multiple bedrooms," Arreguin said. "We need a downtown for everyone, not just people who make six figures."
As mandated by city statutes, 10 percent of the apartments will be available to very low-income earners. Arreguin said he'd like more affordable units, but Rhoades noted that 35 units constitute as many apartments as some stand-alone affordable projects.
The project calls for a 12,000-square-foot plaza with cafe seating on the ground floor, lush landscaping and public art. The plaza will be accessible to hotel patrons and will be "open to the public generally speaking," Rhoades said.
New apartment dwellers will infuse downtown with vitality and fill city coffers with tax dollars, Rhoades said. In addition to about 700 new tenants the project would bring to downtown, the city recently approved two other apartment buildings downtown, totaling about 300 units.
<|endofexample|>
News Archive
Archive
May 9, 2013
Berkeley agrees to make it easier for students with disabilities to do homework and research in a settlement that may be eyed across the country by advocates and university officials alike.
May 9, 2013
A Brookings paper challenging the notion that "everyone should go to college" is itself challenged (from many sides) for overstating its case.
May 9, 2013
Students and exchange scholars are being referred to secondary inspection under policies put in place after the Boston Marathon bombings. Reported delays range from 20 minutes to three hours.
May 9, 2013
Florida's newest state university announces it will be the first without the traditional form of job security for academics.
May 9, 2013
Federal regulatory agency releases an overview of ways to help private student loan borrowers, but doesn't make specific suggestions on Congressional action.
May 9, 2013
The following colleges and universities have announced their commencement speakers for spring 2013:
May 8, 2013
Parsons calls off master class by John Galliano, the designer widely condemned as anti-Semitic, saying he would not agree on a "frank discussion" of his career.
Pages
topics
Search Careers
Most Popular
- Viewed
- Commented
- Past:
- Day
- Week
- Month
- Year
<|endofexample|>
In California, and to a lesser extent in many states, the problem of overcrowded community colleges and public universities is getting worse. To address this problem, many institutions are choosing to offer online programs, and students are enrolling. While online degree programs can help solve this crisis, there are program delivery, retention and degree-completion challenges posed by this type of learning that must be addressed if we are to serve students well.
A survey published this month by the League for Innovation in the Community College and the Campus Computing Project reports that community colleges are seeing increased enrollment in every major type of program, especially online programs.
The survey author reports that while colleges are hiring new faculty to serve this growing population, they are reducing the number of positions for academic counselors and others who help students, especially as they expand online offerings. He questioned the online expansion without the accompanying academic support.
I question it, too. Online degree programs offer solutions to overcrowded physical classrooms, and they provide a lower-cost, convenient alternative for students who want a college education but can’t attend a residential institution for any number of reasons.
However, launching an online degree program is not as simple as hiring adjunct professors and teaching courses that have been used in a physical campus setting. To do it right, you need a good learning management system, faculty who are experienced and effective online teachers, training and instructional design support, IT support and online tutors.
Of equal importance is an enhanced level of student support, especially help with financing a college education and with navigating the complex bureaucracy that we call higher education.
One way an institution can help students through this maze of financial aid forms, bursar office policies, registration deadlines, and graduation requirements is by utilizing success coaches.
Success coaches can be employed by the institution, independent contractors, or can be employees of retention service providers. Often these coaches are former K-12 educators or are career higher education professionals; some even possess executive, fitness, or health coach certification. Regardless of their background, they have a common interest in education and student success and have been trained as student service generalists who understand admissions, financial aid, registration, bursar policies, and academic support resources.
Arguably, the primary role of a coach is to provide support and direction through goal setting, organizational and time-management skill development, staying on task, problem resolution, and developing college survival skills. However, they also know enough about higher education and institutional policy to point students in the right direction for additional support.
Yes, success coaches do add expense and an additional layer of personnel to the institutional organizational chart. But if an institution expects to support students, grow enrollment and live up to a promise of being learner-centered, the provision of a success coach as a single point of contact is very important. That is because students demand, deserve, and expect to not get the run-around.
Students don’t want to have to contact four different offices to obtain answers on how to switch courses or resolve a student billing question. They appreciate the ability to contact one person who knows their background and challenges and can point them toward the correct institutional resource. In fact, if an institution can avoid the run-around and provide a better student experience it can be the difference in retaining students, ensuring that they ultimately accomplish their educational objectives and earn a degree.
One might suggest that higher education has flourished nicely for centuries without success coaches, so why do we need them now? I would submit that we are in a different time, with more first-generation and other non-traditional students entering our institutions than ever before. These students need support, but in this economy, they are not always getting it. And while success coaches can help and are helping on-campus students, I believe they are even more critical when employed in online programs.
At Tiffin University, we began using success coaches with our at-risk students on campus in the fall of 2007. In the fall of 2008, we took our best practices for on campus learning and applied them to online learning, when we created Ivy Bridge College of Tiffin University , an online associate degree program that offers students mentoring and support and transferability to most four-year colleges and universities.
Whether a student lives in Maine or Oregon, he or she has a success coach to help them make the transition from high school to college, and to keep them on track toward that associate degree and transfer to a four-year college or university.
Success coaches add cost to educating the online learner, but that cost is more than recouped in improved student experience, retention and degree completion. In our first year offering the Ivy Bridge College associate degree program, we have seen more than two-thirds of our students persist from the fall to spring semester, traditionally the most challenging for students. This is a persistence rate that would make many community colleges envious.
Higher education’s commitment to access for all who want to earn a college degree is being tested by the economy. I believe we will pass this test because we will find and implement innovative solutions that not only expand access, but also increase success through retention and degree completion.
If we are going to turn to online learning to solve the crisis of crowded classrooms, it is my firm belief that we must provide a heightened level of student support to ensure that these students will be successful. The provision of mentoring, encouragement and support through success coaching is an excellent way to address that need.
Otherwise, we’re setting many students up for failure.
Bio
Cam Cruickshank is Vice President for Enrollment Management at Tiffin University.
topics
Search Careers
Most Popular
- Viewed
- Commented
- Past:
- Day
- Week
- Month
- Year
Please review our commenting policy here.
<|endofexample|>
by Kevin Trahan (@k_trahan)
Northwestern will hold its annual Pro Day on Tuesday, March 5, and while it won’t be the most anticipated Pro Day in the country, it’s certainly an important day for NU’s NFL Draft hopefuls — none of whom were invited to the NFL Combine.
Despite having the winningest class in NU history, the class of 2013 isn’t high on NFL Draft talent. It’s an even lighter talent pool than last year’s “winningest class in NU history,” which produced just two players who were drafted — Jeremy Ebert of New England and Drake Dunsmore of Tampa Bay. Al Netter also earned a spot on the San Francisco practice squad, and Jordan Mabin did the same in Baltimore before he was cut.
This year, NU has seven players participating in Pro Day — DT Brian Arnfelt, CB Quinn Evans, WR Demetrius Fields, K Steve Flaherty, LB David Nwabuisi, OT Pat Ward and DE Quentin Williams — but as of now, none of them have particularly high NFL Draft stock. Evans, Flaherty and Arnfelt aren’t even listed on ESPN’s NFL Draft player list, and the top ranked player — Brian Mulroe as the No. 31 OG — isn’t even pursuing the draft.
CBS has just Mulroe, Nwabuisi and Ward listed, with Mulroe as the No. 25 OG, Nwabuisi as the No. 36 OLB and Ward as the No. 45 OT. So if any of these players have hope of getting drafted, they must perform well at Pro Day in order to get noticed. That doesn’t happen often, but such was the case for Jeremy Ebert last year.
Ebert wasn’t invited to the NFL Combine, but he ran a 4.38 40-yard dash, which was good enough to help him get drafted in the sixth round by the Patriots. Right now, the national scouting services aren’t projecting there to be any Eberts in this year’s class. Tuesday will be the first and final chance for these NU grads to prove them wrong.
Pingback: Inside Northwestern » Northwestern Spring Practice Report: 3/5
Pingback: Randal Marktin
Pingback: nbuibuygvtycrtxrxerzxre
Pingback: AAA Hermes Handbags
Pingback: condo abac
Pingback: franchise leads
Pingback: Star Trek
Pingback: salon temecula
Pingback: propecia 1mg purchase online
Pingback: buy clomid results
Pingback: white collar criminal attorney
Pingback: penguin toothbrush holder
Pingback: popular orthodontists
Pingback: food franchise singapore
Pingback: kirby s vacuum
Pingback: go now
Pingback: homeowners insurance in FL
Pingback: Studying in Russia
Pingback:
Pingback: Naturtint hair color
Pingback: Im Target
Pingback: Mesothelioma
Pingback:
Pingback: porno
Pingback: colothin ingredients
Pingback: obsługa prawna firm gdańsk
Pingback: printer cartridges
Pingback: lottery online
Pingback: Dr Titel kaufen
Pingback: home income opportunities
Pingback: online business systems
Pingback: Personal loan Singapore
Pingback: dr dre studio
Pingback: proe nutrition
Pingback: dr dre headphones
Pingback:
Pingback: apartamente 2 camere militari
Pingback: buy cigarettes
Pingback: comment faire pour grandir plus vite
Pingback: cats scratching posts
Pingback: Easy Ways To Make Money Online
Pingback: champs elises
Pingback: Genf20 Plus
Pingback: att home phone
Pingback: Louetta
Pingback: I thought about this
Pingback: gluten free
Pingback: free porn
Pingback: mp3 songs download
Pingback: Short Sale
Pingback: xecttgvbyuhnmik
Pingback: mac data recovery
Pingback: filme 2013
Pingback: dell ipad
Pingback: florida home insurance quote
Pingback: My Homepage
Pingback: consultant
Pingback: dicks in her ass
Pingback: excel 2013 training
Pingback: CashKnights
Pingback: locksmith Boston MA
Pingback: green coffee beans for diet
Pingback: Antispam
Pingback: forex
Pingback: dieting for weight loss
Pingback: Buy Facebook Votes
Pingback: lloydminster photographers
Pingback: Where To Get Free Beats By Dre
Pingback: buy steroids
Pingback: 9Fifty Caps
Pingback: Chatline
Pingback: Obey Snapback Hats
Pingback: NFL Snapbacks
Pingback: free business pages
Pingback: Odish Food Diary
Pingback: ArcheAge Power Leveling
Pingback: Dope Snapback Hats
Pingback: Pink Dolphin Snapback
Pingback: Sorry I'm Fresh Snapbacks
Pingback: elektronik sigara
Pingback: D9 Reserve Snapback Hats
Pingback: tekkit host
Pingback:
Pingback: Unkut Snapbacks
Pingback: buy facebook fans
Pingback: Pink Dolphin Hats
Pingback: Get Facebook Likes
Pingback: Vice Snapbacks
Pingback: diseño web toledo
Pingback: payday loans
Pingback: eojpf.info
Pingback: Mitchell and Ness Hats
Pingback: How To Get Ripped FastHow To Gain Muscle Fast
Pingback: pharmacy
Pingback: Bad Boy Good Girl Snapback
Pingback: 1911 grips
Pingback: Pay Advance Loans
Pingback: dr dre beats
Pingback: House Keeping Services
Pingback: buy youtube views
Pingback: deepak chopra books
Pingback: Denver Web Development
Pingback: nlp
Pingback: replica handbags
Pingback: Download Microsoft Office 2010
Pingback: this website
Pingback: cialis
Pingback: otto gutscheine
Pingback: Josh Pellicer
Pingback: Affiliate marketing
Pingback: London Property loans
Pingback: 101 oyna
Pingback: Get Facebook Likes
Pingback: Buy Google Plus
Pingback: cookware
Pingback: Deutschland Casinos
Pingback: telefonsex sexcam
Pingback: hata seo
Pingback: örümcek seo
Pingback: garcinia cambogia by dr oz
Pingback: granuflo and naturalyte
Pingback: how to get taller biceps
Pingback: paxil birth defects lawsuit
Pingback: The Flowers of War
Pingback: gutscheincodes congstar
Pingback: gutscheincode dress for less mai
Pingback: gutscheincode teufel versandkosten
Pingback: gutscheincode baur neukunde
Pingback: aktuelle docmorris gutscheine
Pingback: gutscheincodes von plus
Pingback: abogados comerciales en linea
Pingback: pure garcinia cambogia extract
Pingback: christian music promoters in texas
Pingback: Simon
Pingback: Home Based Business Ideas
Pingback: Military Dog Tags
Pingback: Flyers, Brochures, Booklets - Graphics
Pingback: IT Research Paper
Pingback: telefonsex handy
Pingback: telefonsex
Pingback: webcam telefonsex
Pingback: telefon sex
<|endofexample|>
Breaking Medical News and In Depth Medical Stories
(January 12, 2009 - Insidermedicine) From the Netherlands - According to research in BMC Public Health, weight loss counseling delivered by phone or e-mail appears to be effective. In a six-month study of nearly 1,400 patients, researchers found that those who received a phone call from trained counselors every 2 weeks lost 1.5 kg compared to a control group who only received brochures. Patients who were contacted by e-mail lost 0.6 kg compared to the control group.
From Maryland - An FDA advisory panel has recommended approval of the anti-seizure drug Sabril (vigabatrin) for infantile seizures. Despite evidence that the drug is associated with a risk for peripheral vision loss, the advisory panel concluded that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. If the FDA decides to move forward with approval, Sabril would become the first drug approved to treat infantile spasms.
And finally, from London - According to research in the British Journal of Psychology, exposure to testosterone in the womb may increase the risk for autism in children. Researchers recorded testosterone levels in the amniotic fluid of 235 pregnant women and compared the results with questionnaires designed to measure autistic traits among 6 to 10 year olds. The researchers found that high levels of testosterone were linked with a higher likelihood of exhibiting autistic traits.
For Insidermedicine in 60, I'm Dr. Susan Sharma.
<|endofexample|>
610-363-8710
260 N Pottstown Pike
Exton, PA
19341Visit on the Web Get Directions Photos
1237 Horseshoe Pike Downingtown, PA
1385 E Boot Rd West Chester, PA
Liz does a tremendous job with my color and Cyndii cuts my hair like NO other. Between the both of them, they've transformed my hair into styles that I've never thought I could pull off. I also feel like they really take the time to get to know me, as a person, which is very important to me! I recommend Ultimate Image Salon to anyone who values a quality service and appreciates a forward-thinking and very well-educated staff!
I've been going to Christina W for haircuts for probably almost a year now. She is very passionate about her work and helping me find just the right hair style. She takes the time to talk to me to figure out what I'm looking for and gives her honest, professional opinion when I have new ideas. She has also waxed my eyebrows a couple times. I hesitated at first because I've always been sensitive to wax and would get little bumps after going to other places, but have had no problems here for some reason. Christina and the salon put a lot of emphasis on client education which I appreciate. They have earned my loyalty because I have learned so much about styling my own hair by talking with Christina and attending their free and fun workshops. Christina convinced me to start using better hair products too through her educational, logical approach - not a sales pitch. My hair and scalp looks dramatically more healthy as a result. They have a points system where you can earn money towards future products or services every time you visit or even for just booking your next appointment during the same visit. I have also gotten a massage (for free - at one of their events!) and it was incredible! I always forget her name unfortunately but she has dark hair and was very nice. The salon has exceeded my expectations and has actually improved my quality of life by boosting my self-confidence and making me feel great about how my hair looks. :)
1 out of 1 people found this review helpful.
I absolutely love going to this salon. It has such a relaxed feel and everyone is so nice. Christina W is a fantastic stylist! She starts each appointment off by talking with you about exactly what you're looking for and delivers every time!
1 out of 1 people found this review helpful.
This salon also pffers other spa-like services. They offer waxing, pedicures, manicures, massages, facials, etc. The area itself has a waiting area by the front desk and door - not the most relaxing, but it suffices as a place to sit and wait. The pedicure area is separated from the rest of the salon and they do a fabulous job in this department. The staff is hit or miss - front desk can be friendly or ignore you and the others are generally friendly.
<|endofexample|>
Distance
Within City
Within 1 mile
Within 2 miles
Within 5 miles
Within 10 miles
Within 20 miles
Sort by
closest first
highest rated first
alphabetical order
most reviewed first
best match
"We had dinner at Hi 5 tonight and the service was terrible. The food and atmosphere was fine, but our server had a bad attitude all night. We ..."
"This is a great bar and grill to go to if you like to watch sports. They have a huge tv and the food is great. Their chicken ..."
"I had a great time the other night, with good food, music and friends from out of town, im glad we didnt pick something like olive garden. Ive ..."
"This has got to be one of the older Hooter in the chain. It's a bit on the small side but it still has the good food and ..."
"My husband and I don't get to go out without our kids often but we were headed to a musical at the Raleigh Memorial Auditorium last weekend and ..."
"It depends on the girl you have. Some are rude, but pretty. Some may not be as attractive, but are sweet girls. Try and sit with them and ..."
"Taking my family to TGI Friday"s after being told that the Red Lobster across the street had a 45 minute wait, was with out a doubt the worse ..."
<|endofexample|>
LA CANADA FLINTRIDGE — Authorities Sunday identified a 38-year-old Valley Village man who died Saturday in a motorcycle crash on Angeles Crest Highway.
Dan Cretu died at a hospital shortly after the 11:20 a.m. crash at near mile marker 27 of Angeles Crest Highway, about four miles north of the 210 Freeway, Los Angeles County Department of Coroner Lt. Cheryl MacWillie said.
Cretu was riding a 2012 Aprilia motorcycle when, “for reasons still under investigation,” the motorcycle veered off the right side of the roadway and struck an Angeles National Forest sign, California Highway Patrol officials said in a written statement.
The rider was thrown from his motorcycle and landed on a dirt and grass embankment, officials said. He was rushed by helicopter to Huntington Hospital in Pasadena where he was pronounced dead.
The crash is being investigated by the Altadena office of the CHP. Anyone with information was asked to contact the office at 626-296-8100.
<|endofexample|>
Doughtery's Private Stock Rye Whiskey
Enter the information about the item that you wish to have appraised here:
The box says Doughtery's Private Stock Pure Rye Whiskey. Bottled by Doughtery Distillery Warehouse Company, Inc Philadelphia, Pa. Over 13 years old, Bottled in bond under US Government supervision for medicinal use only. The bottle is appx 90% full. And it readspretty much the same as the box on the front.The back states Rx Spiritus Frumenti 100 proof. J.A. Dougherty's Sons
Distillery No 2 1st Dist PA
"Caution Notice"
This bottle has been filled and stamped under provisions of the act of congress" etc.
Recent comments
<|endofexample|>
- Order Status | Contact Us: 1-800-892-3622
DescriptionChase Ant/Roach Killer 1 DZ
-
Chase Ant/Roach Killer 1 DZ
- $74.96
- Sold As
- 1 CS
- Packed As
- 12
• Indoors, Champion Sprayon® Ant & Roach Killer is an effective spot treatment and crack and crevice treatment.
• Outdoors, it can be sprayed where flies and mosquitoes rest.
• It residually kills bugs for 30 days; this includes ants, black widow spiders, carpet beetles, cockroaches, crickets, fleas, flies, mosquitoes, sow bugs, spiders, ticks and water bugs.
Case of 12 cans.Specifications
Customers Also Bought
- Flying Insect Killer - 16 oz
$61.50
-
-
Chase Ant/Roach Killer 1 DZ
<|endofexample|>
:
Step 1: Examine Remote Control Components
Note: The remote control used for this Instructable is a Blade MLP4DSM.
There are 4 channels which are used for flying:
Throttle (Up/Down in the air)
Elevator (Forward/Backward while flying)
Aileron (Left/Right while flying)
Rudder (Rotate Clockwise/Counter-clockwise while flying)
The two joysticks are connected to potentiometers which adjust the voltage of the circuit to which each are connected from the DC power source through to an Atmega88PA micro-controller.
The micro-controller measures the input voltages and converts them to digital PCM values which are sent to a transmitter chip which uses the Spektrum DSM2 protocol to communicate with the RC Helicopter.
Layman's Explanation:
(Note: this explanation is not 100% accurate but may be a helpful way to visualize and understand what is going on).
The batteries act as the both the source and the destination for the water (electricity) flowing through the pipes (circuit). The potentiometers connected to the joysticks on the front of the remote control act as gates which alter the level (voltage) of water flowing through the pipes. For example, when the throttle joystick is in the lowest position, where the rotor blades are normally off, the gate is entirely closes so no water is flowing throw the pipes and the voltage is zero. When the the throttle is in the highest position the gate is completely open and the water and voltage are likewise at their highest level.
If the pipes passed through a wheel on the way to their destination and that wheel turned the helicopter rotor blades, it might make sense that more water flowing through (high voltage) would turn the wheel and therefore rotor blades faster, allowing the helicopter to fly higher.
Now of course the joysticks and circuit we are talking about is on the remote control, not the helicopter, so we need a few extra steps.
In this imaginary example, the micro-controller measures the water level in the pipe as it flows past. This number represents the voltage and therefore the joystick position. The number is converted into a digital format and passed on to the transmitter, along with the number which correspond to all of the other joystick positions. The transmitter broadcasts these numbers to the helicopter. Finally the receiver in the helicopter talks to its own micro-controller which converts the digital values into the appropriate physical settings for the rotor blades and servos.
Step.
Step 3: Connect Control Board to Logic Analyzer
For this Instructable first a Tektronix 1241 Logic Analyzer was used, then a Saleae Logic which allowed us to precisely measure the frequency with which frames of data were sent (22ms) including the format, quantity, and content of characters in each byte of its serial protocol (8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit), as well as its rate (133000 baud). Each frame contains 14 bytes which can be conveniently represented in hex notation.
Note: The baud rate quite critical. The closest standard baud to our target supported by most if not all serial devices (including the USB-to-Serial device we require) is 115200. This was too far out from our transmitter and during initial experimentation attempts at communication failed. It became necessary to select a USB-to-Serial device whose chipset permitted the setting of an arbitrary baud rate. For the final version we settled on a model which included a FTDI chipset (specifically the FT232 USB-Serial (UART) IC, see Glossary for details).
Attached to this step are example log files captured with the "Logic" software application freely available from Saleae. In the first file the throttle is completely in the down position, in the second file the throttle is completely in the up position.
More specific directions and discussion regards how to use a logic analyzer are beyond the scope of this document.
Layman's Explanation:
(Note: this explanation is not 100% accurate but may be a helpful way to visualize and understand what is going on)
In our earlier analogy, we stated that the water pressure and level as it flowed through pipes was akin to the voltage level of the electrical current flowing through our circuit, being altered by the "gates" of the joysticks being raised and lowered. As we learned by using the oscilloscope however, the signal sent between the micro-controller and the transmitter chip is digital, not analog. This effectively means that any time we take a measurement the water pipe will either be full, or empty at any given point, never in between. By alternating between these two extremes, binary numbers are being sent.
Another way to think about this is to imagine two people at either end of the pipe, a sender and a receiver. In this case the sender is the micro-controller (because it knows the value of the numbers to be sent) and the receiver is the transmitter chip. Attempting to send information by flooding and draining the pipes would be very slow, so instead they are using a flashlight to communicate in a form of morse code.
Every so often, the receiver will peek into the pipe and at the same moment the sender will either turn on the flashlight to indicate a one, or leave it off to indicate a zero. Each time this happens a single bit is communicated. This will happen rapidly eight times in a row, forming a byte. If every bit was a letter in a word, the work would be the byte. The logic analyzer further tells us that there are fourteen bytes or "words" in each sentence spoken by the micro-controller to the transmitter chip, and each sentence contains all of the joystick settings for each motion direction the remote control is capable of setting. The complete sentence gets constantly repeated approximately 45 times per second (once every 22ms) as long as the remote control is powered on.
The baud rate mentioned above as being critical would be the predetermined timing the sender and received would have agreed upon for sending flashes of light. In other words if the sender is going to send a flash once every five seconds but the receiver was only looking once every ten seconds, the receiver would only be there to witness half of the signals, and after the first view would record each of the subsequent bits in the wrong positions within the words they are recording. When we say the baud rate is 133000 what that actually means is there are up to 133,000 individual flashes happening every single second!
Step 4: Desolder Transmitter from Control Board
Had this not been the case we might have instead used the analog outputs of an Arduino to simulate the voltage levels normally indicated by the potentiometers.
As the transmitter chip was actually a separate circuit board (see photo) and there was enough clearance on the pins connecting the two for us to clip in, we might have been able to record and analyze all of the data being sent to it from the micro-controller without any physically modifications. However we eventually would want to be able to simulate these messages ourselves, which would require powering the transmitter board. If the power switch of the remote control was on then the micro-controller would also be sending data, which would conflict with the data we were generating. If we left the power switch off the transmitter board would also be off, preventing it from sending any data to the helicopter. We considered that we would be able to power the transmitter circuit from the USB-to-Serial cable, however we were not certain that the electricity applied at this point would not also flow back to the micro-controller.
Therefore we decided to desolder the transmitter chip from the remote control entirely as that was the only component we required for certain for our project.
Step.
Step 6: Test Flying RC Heliocopter from Command Console
In this example video the Radio Controlled Helicopter is first operated via the original remote control, then after switches on the prototype board are flipped, the command to "fly forward" is issued by the Puzzlebox Brainstorms software operating in console mode. Note there is a delay before the helicopter takes off during which time the sync between transmitter and helicopter is re-established.
Available console commands include the following:
Neutral: Use this command to establish initial sync with helicopter
python Helicopter_Control.py --command=neutral
Hover: Hover the helicopter in the air
python Helicopter_Control.py --command=hover
Fly Forward: Fly the helicopter forward, low to the ground so as to easily land
python Helicopter_Control.py --command=fly_forward
Read: Read data frames from the remote control and output them directly to the console
python Helicopter_Control.py --command=read
Step.
Step.
Step 9: Glossary, Link Index, and Credits
Ampere (amps)
Analog
Arduino
Atmega88PA
Baud
Binary
Bit
Blade mCX2 (Helicopter)
Blade MLP4DSM (Remote Control)
Brain-Computer Interface (BCI)
Byte
Digital
Electroencephalography
Emotiv EPOC
FTDI - Future Technology Devices International
Hackerspace
LEGO Mindstorms
Logic Analyzer
Morse Code
Neuron
NeuroSky MindSet
Noisebridge
Oscilloscope
PCM
Potentiometer
Puzzlebox Brainstorms
Python
Radio Controlled Helicopter
Saleae Logic
Serial
Spektrum DSM2
Voltage (volts)
Thanks
A special thanks to the following who helped contribute to this project:
Noisebridge Hackerspace
Miloh Alexander
Jake Walters
Tony Roberts
Paul Tonkin
Greg Smith
Chris Helly.
In other words, if you ever play sports such as basketball, while on the court taking foul shots one after another, you have to block the noise and distraction of people around you in order to focus on making the shots. In that moment, if you were doing well, you would tend to measure a high level of focus. If on the other hand you were shooting poorly because of someone shouting or the sun in your eyes, then you would tend to measure low focus.
Its the same if you are watching a boring television show (low focus) versus your favourite movie (high focus).
If you are trying to write a paper for class and you're not making any progress, you would tend to measure low focus, but if you knew everything you wanted to say and were typing it out as fast as your fingers would let you, you would tend to measure with high focus.
We use those high-focus-tendencies to make the helicopter fly. Whether you happen to be playing basketball, watching a movie, or writing a paper at the time you are wearing the headset doesn't affect the software - only how focused or engaged you are at the time.
I am waiting for your reply, Puzzle box synapse will work for radio frequency mind wave, else shall I buy mindband, Mindset is not possible because it is outdated manufacturing.....
Thanking you,
By,
M.Hariram Chandar
Chandru
But with some EEG paste and more electrodes, we can make this go
Forward, Backward, LAnd, Right, Left
I think we have to amplify the signal and decode it with a formula and program it
I think im gonna do this :)
Teaching yourself to control your brainwaves is actually quite simple and intuitive, at least for this application. All you have to do is focus your mind and maintain concentration. You can focus or concentrate on anything - doing math problems inside your head or naming every street and intersection between your home and school or office, that sort of thing.
If you wanted to perform more complex control there are methods to do that using Brain-Computer Interface, but they use different parts of the brain, such as the sensorimotor or visual cortex, requiring more electrodes with different placement on the head. Attention / Relaxation measurements are a great start with the equipment currently available at the consumer-grade level however.
We used a MindSet for this project but there is support for the $99 USD MindWave in the SVN for Puzzlebox Synapse.
Also it would be a bit of a pain to carry around a laptop when ever you want to fly it. Have you any ideas for a case design and making the whole thing smaller so you can have nothing but an electrode on your head and a little box in your pocket?
Regards the laptop question, it should be possible to port the code to run from an Arduino or similar embedded device.
-Hope that makes sense.
One suggestion would be to set the voltage levels of the joystick potentiometers manually using an Arduino or similar. In theory that should work with any type of remote control which has variable throttle and steering.
<|endofexample|>
With Instructables you can share what you make with the world and tap into an ever-growing community of creative experts.
share step-by-step photos with text instructions
share one or more photos in one step quickly and easily
share your how-to video
Frying is the perfect way to prepare food. It's quick, economical, delicious, and ubiquitous, though not nutritious. This summer we're looking for your best fried recipes, whether they're a daily staple or a fairgrounds curiosity. Share your recipe to win a deep fryer, frying pan, and other cool prizes.
Download our new apps for iOS and android!
PDF DownloadsAs a Pro member, you will gain access to download any Instructable in the PDF format.
You also have the ability to customize your PDF download.
(forgot username/password?)
<|endofexample|>
With Instructables you can share what you make with the world and tap into an ever-growing community of creative experts.
share step-by-step photos with text instructions
share one or more photos in one step quickly and easily
share your how-to video
With the abundance of Hydroponic and Aquaponic Instructables being published, we decided to start a new channel to categorize all these indoor and outdoor hydroponic gardens! Check out the channel to get inspired about what you can grow with these awesome systems!
Download our new apps for iOS and android!
PDF DownloadsAs a Pro member, you will gain access to download any Instructable in the PDF format.
You also have the ability to customize your PDF download.
(forgot username/password?)
<|endofexample|>
Getty Images!"
More Photo Galleries
Please Note: You may have disabled JavaScript and/or CSS. Although this news content will be accessible, certain functionality is unavailable.Skip to news content.
Stress-Free Holiday Party Tricks
Don't Forget the Bathroom!
Advertisement
Look of the Day
Freida Pinto
Freida Pinto glowed in her metallic column
<|endofexample|>
Hi everyone, As it said in my profile, I am just starting my research into pumps, so I have a lot of questions... How well do pumps work in the heat or cold? I'm just worried becuase I live in New England, and we get summers that can be warmer than 100 and winters that are colder than 0. Will I need to stay in a air-conditioned/heated area? I see from someone elses post that the "com-station" isn't available yet. Has there been any news on when non-doctor can get it? Oh...just so people know, I don't have my mind set on Mini-Med, that is just the one my doctor gave me the number for. I also have contacted diestronic and animas for information on their pumps... Thanks, Lisa _________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at ---------------------------------------------------------- for HELP or to subscribe/unsubscribe, contact: HELP@insulin-pumpers.org send a DONATION
<|endofexample|>
This attack comes just weeks after a British man was shot dead after trying to prevent a gang from kidnapping his wife.
They are still searching for his wife, although they know that she is being held in Somalia.
The restriction from the FCO also includes Lamu, and low income areas of Nairobi (including townships and slum areas).
Please visit for more information.
If you are travelling to Kenya, please be aware that our policies will not include cover to areas of the world that the FCO advises against
all but essential travel to.
Please contact our offices on 0844 980 0271 if you wish to find out more with regards to your policy terms and 80?
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to the Intel Content Locator. Use the filters on the left to explore Intel's full library of content and find the information you are looking for. Use multiple filters to further refine your view.
Case Study: HawTai Motor Group and Bluestar Technology Company heads discuss advantages of the Intel® Brand Advantage Program benefits.
Case Study: China TravelSky boosts services for aviation tourism by using Intel® technology to improve data center utilization and energy efficiency.
Solution Brief: Intel® product technologies enable more cost-effective in-vehicle infotainment systems.
In Vietnam, orphanages connect with a world of possibilities outside their door through an organization deploying Intel-powered classmate PCs.
Intel® Teach program in Russia shows teachers how to use technology to improve classroom teaching and learning methods.
Case Study: In Argentina, a 1:1 technology integration program is transforming education in schools by distributing Intel-powered classmate PCs..
Case Study: JAOtech, embedded Intel® architecture simplifies the integration of point of card clinical information and patient entertainment.
Intel IT identified broad new security capabilities in Microsoft Windows 7* that significantly enhance enterprise security.
Case Study: Empire State College uses the Intel® Xeon® processor 7500 series to virtualize IT, accommodate growth, and reduce energy consumption.
EMC migrates server infrastructure to Cisco Unified Computing System* and cloud computing for improved app response, batch run-times, and management.
Case study: Cambridge University Eco Racing uses solar energy and Intel® Solid-State Drives for an eco-friendly vehicle for the World Solar Challenge.
Case Study: Czech Ministry of Health's IZIP* electronic health record portal available to thousands of doctors using Intel® vPro™ technology.
Case Study: Georgia Tech upgrades servers to the Intel® Xeon® processor 5600 series for increased performance and density and better user experience.
Case Study: Eli Lilly migrates SAP* enterprise system to virtualized HP Proliant* servers based on Intel® Xeon® processors for greater performance.
Case Study: Group One Trading refreshes data center with the Intel® Xeon® processor 7500 series, increasing mission-critical application performance.
Case Study: Macedonia Implements First 1:1 Technology Integration Program in Balkans
Case Study: Atos Origin. Intel® Xeon® processor 7500 series provides the foundation for business expansion.
Case Study shows how Schlumberger ECLIPSE* application and Intel® Ethernet iWARP make reservoir simulations easier and more efficient.
Intel partnered with a primary school in Shanghai to streamline teaching using the Intel-powered classmate PCs and the Education Appliance.
Case Study: Captus networks help prevent denial of service attacks with Intel® PRO/1000 Network Adapters for multi-gigabit scalability.
Case Study: Pepperdine University enhances system management efficiency, improves security with an HP* systems refresh using Intel® vPro™ technology.
Case Study: Korean mobile company SK Telecom chooses Intel® Xeon® processor-based Intel® AES-NI, enhancing data and cloud storage security.
Case Study: Fast-growing Joyent delivers double the performance and profitability with the Intel® Xeon® processor 5600 series.
<|endofexample|>
Joan Marie Bengtson, M.D., is assistant professor of obstetrics, gynecology and reproductive biology at Harvard Medical School and a member of the Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology & Reproduction at Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Many factors affect how well the birth control pill will work and how safe it will be. Obesity probably affects both.
We don't know how great the effects of obesity are because research studies haven't told us. Many studies did not include overweight women. Other studies did not take into account all other important factors such as pill dose, proper use of the pill, the fertility of the women and how often they had sex.
Obese and overweight women using the pill to prevent pregnancy have a slightly higher failure rate compared with normal weight women. However, the overall effectiveness of the pill is still very high in overweight and obese women when used correctly. And the pill is much better at preventing pregnancy than some other contraceptives, such as condoms.
A few points to keep in mind:
You should review all the issues with your doctor to decide if the birth control pill is the best choice for you.
<|endofexample|>
By Alexandra Kuznetsov, B.S. Brigham and Women's Hospital
It's no secret: A diet rich in fruits and vegetables can play a key role in preventing chronic diseases and improving health.
As Americans strive to lead healthier lifestyles, different eating trends become more popular. The raw food diet is an example of one such trend.
What is the raw food diet? Is it just another fad diet or can it really be beneficial to your health?
Back to top
What Is the Raw Food Diet?
Although there are different versions of the raw food diet, they all have one thing in common: Foods can't be heated above 118° F.
Uncooked vegan foods make up most of the diet. These include:
Food processing is limited to blenders and dehydrators. Sometimes a process called fermentation is used to add flavor to food. In this process, yeast or bacteria is added to foods high in sugars and carbohydrates.
Although rare, when animal products are included they are eaten raw.
Why Go Raw?
Through the 19th, 20th and 21st centuries, various doctors used raw foods as a form of alternative medicine to treat diseases. In 1986, Harvey and Marilyn Diamond published Fit for Life, a book promoting this idea. Since then, the raw food diet has gained popularity..
Are There Health Benefits to Eating Raw Food?
There's very little research on the raw food diet. Many health aspects of the raw food diet have come from conclusions drawn from research on vegetarian and vegan diets. (Vegan diets omit all animal products including meat, poultry, fish, eggs and dairy.)
Due to strict preparation guidelines, raw food dieters are less likely to eat meals outside of the home. This may mean that they eat less sodium and saturated fat.
Here's what the preliminary research on the raw food diet has found:
More research is needed to draw solid conclusions.
Are There Drawbacks?
Followers of the raw food diet are at risk for several nutrient deficiencies.
Protein
Preliminary studies have shown a significantly lower intake of protein among raw food dieters than the what is recommended for vegetarian adults (0.6 g/kg compared with 1.1 g/kg). To date, no recommendations for protein exist for the raw food diet.
Energy
The raw food diet meets approximately 73% of calorie needs required for adults. There are more underweight individuals in the raw food population than in the average population. In addition to decreased caloric intake, women experienced decreased or missed menstrual periods when starting the raw food diet.
Omega-3 fatty acids
No research has been done to look at levels of omega-3's among people who follow this diet. However, vegan diets often do not meet the requirements for omega-3 fatty acids. Sources include fish, eggs, flaxseed, walnuts, canola oil, olive oil and flax oil. People on the raw food diet may need to take supplements.
Vitamins and minerals
The raw food diet is often lacking many of the vitamins and minerals found in food from animal sources. These include B12, iron and vitamin D.
Lack of vitamin B12 in the raw food diet has been linked to higher levels of homocysteine, a risk factor for heart and blood vessel disease. Supplements are recommended.
Iron
Non-heme iron (from plants) is harder for the body to absorb than heme iron (from animals). However, many food preparation techniques used in the raw food diet may actually increase iron absorption from plant sources. Examples include soaking and sprouting beans, nuts, seeds and other legumes. Pairing vitamin C with plant sources of iron also aids absorption.
Vitamin D
The Institutes of Medicine recently increased recommendations for vitamin D. Vitamin D is found in some food sources such as eggs, fatty fish (salmon), liver and eggs. Some vitamin D is also found in fortified milks and juices, which are not included in the raw food diet because they are processed foods. If raw meat products are consumed, the recommendation for vitamin D intake is more likely to be met. Supplementation may be necessary.
Other nutrients
Zinc and calcium are commonly deficient in the raw food diet.
What About Food Safety?
Heat kills disease-causing microbes, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Heating food to an internal temperature above 160° F, for even a few seconds, is enough to kill parasites, viruses or bacteria, except for Clostridium bacteria."
The foods most likely to be contaminated are raw animal foods, such as raw milk, eggs and meat. Recent outbreaks of foodborne illness have also been traced to raw fruits and vegetables. People especially at risk for foodborne illness include young children, pregnant women and the elderly.
Other Considerations
Preparing food without heat requires time, planning and special equipment. Not everyone may be able or willing to put in the time and effort this strict diet requires.
Certain nutrients are actually absorbed better when treated with heat. Lycopene, a carotenoid found in tomatoes, is absorbed more efficiently when cooked. Raw egg whites contain a compound called avidin, which decreases the absorption of biotin.
The Bottom Line.
Alexandra Kuznetsov, B.S. is a Dietetic Intern at Brigham and Women's Hospital. She graduated with a B.S. in Nutrition and Dietetics from New York University.
<|endofexample|>
InterAksyon.com
The online news portal of TV5
MANILA, Philippines - Lawmakers see no problem with opening discussions on Charter change but are not optimistic the 15th Congress will be able to do much about the matter, with one year remaining until it adjourns.
Besides, the issue was not even mentioned in President Benigno Aquino III’s State of the Nation Address on Monday, meaning it is “not in his radar” at the moment, they said.
“Apparently its not in the agenda, it’s not in his radar as of the moment, but Congress might just want to discuss, as mentioned, the (Constitution’s) economic provisions, which should have been tackled a long time ago,” An Waray party-list Representative Florencio Noel, an administration ally, said.
Deputy Speaker and Quezon Representative Lorenzo Tanada III said there is not enough time to discuss amending the Constitution in both chambers of Congress.
“The President is being practical, there’s not too much time based on the calendar, so I don’t think Charter change may be considered. But again the presidential spokesperson said the President is willing to listen to both the Speaker and the Senate President,” Tanada said.
Paranaque Representative Roilo Golez said moves to amend the Constitution are an initiative of Congress and should be discussed by both chambers.
But Albay Representative Edcel Lagman said he was “happy” Charter change was not mentioned in the SONA, “because if there’s any measure that should be in the agenda of Congress, it should be the Reproductive Health bill and the other measures that the President endorsed.”
<|endofexample|>
For your information: This message has appeared because we've noticed your browser doesn't fully support all functions of this site. For further information please click here.
Same day delivery available
Click and Collect available
£
Brighten up their day with a burst of vibrant summer colour. This pretty selection of fresh seasonal flowers looks simply wonderful and will make a welcome surprise. The floral jute bag is a nice keepsake too.Featuring cerise alstroemeria, cerise carnations, yellow with black eye spray chrysanthemums, cerise germini, blue lisianthus, green alchemilla mollis and pink spray carnation with eucalyptus, presented in an eco-friendly jute gift bag.
REVIEW SUMMARY
(83 reviews)
Ratings Distribution
(52)
(14)
(6)
(1)
(10)
83%
of respondents would recommend this to a friend.
Reviewed by 83 customers
Sort by
Displaying reviews 1-10
Back to top
Previous | Next »
A fresh and cheerful display
By Sonia
from London
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Mum loved the flowers which arrived in perfect time and so elegantly wrapped. Very good value for such pretty spring flowers, perfect for the anniversary. Thank you Interflora.
Bottom Line Recommend to a friend? YES
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
Perfect Birthday Surprise
By Lainzy
from Scotland
I sent this to my Mum for her birthday and she was absolutely delighted with it. She told me it was beautiful and had a wonderful selection of flowers in it and her visitors have admired it too. I didn't see it myself but am extremely pleased with the quality, value for money and great service provided.
Fab flowers!
By Kayleigh
from Newcastle
I purchased the flowers as a gift for my Nanna's birthday and they were very well received! Lovely colours, great quality. You pay more for quality but its totally worth it. I would certainly buy from Interflora - great transaction and very easy to do!
Lovely Birthday Gift
By h
from Co. Tyrone
efficient delivery-ordered in the morning and delivered by tea timelovely selection of colourslasted wellvery fresh
Birthday unch
By Toni
from South Africa
.The picture of the flowers looked beautiful, so I thought they would be ideal for my Mum's birthday surprise. I was disappointed however when she said "Yes they are very nice, but they are too bitty and as they are not all the same they don't last as well and so the arrangement didn't last very long" That was a surprise too as flowers even if they are different should last a good while regardless. Yes agreed some will last longer than others. So I was also sad and next time, - if there is a next time - I will order all the same. Bit boring I think, but I suppose that is her taste and not mine. Thank you anyway. I have had good results on other occasions. Toni
disappointed buyer
By mum
from liverpool
flowers [...] were not of the colour or quality of the online picture, were not value for money, only lasted 5/6 days, would not request [...]again from this florist
Bottom Line Recommend to a friend? NO
Birthday Surprise
By Jlo
from Tamworth Staffs
[...]. My sister was very pleased. Would recommend. First class.
DELIGHTED
By shipat
from LEICESTER
THE RECIPIENT WAS DELIGHTED WITH THE FLORAL DISPLAY. [...]
a thank you bouquet
By ceo
from Newcastle upon tyne
the recipient was delighted with the flowers
A BEAUTIFUL BOUQUET
By SCOOBY
from ROTHERHAM
THE RECEIVER SAID THEY WERE GORGEOUS
(2 reviews)
(0)
Reviewed by 2 customers
Displaying reviews 1-2
Gift
By Norkie
from Norfolk
Excellent product, on time and well received.
Gift Flowers
By Debbie
from Waterlooville, Hamshire
I had no problem with the quality of the flowers but was very disappointed that I had phoned to reschedule delivery and was assured this would happen only to find the flowers were delivered as per the original instructions.
(3 reviews)
(2)
100%
Reviewed by 3 customers
Displaying reviews 1-3
Wow factor bouquet
By Mal Roberts
from Afghanistan
I'm currently in Afghanistan and sent my wife some flowers to brighten up her day, it had the desired affect they were lovely. Slightly pricey but she's worth it. If you want to send some free flowers feel free it would be greatly appreciated.
a lovely birthday gift
By n/a
from london
value for money
Never Disappointed
By mwoody64
from Guildford Surrey
Interflora , thanks once again for your excellent service.Flowers as always arrived on time and were completely stunning , made my wife's day which is very important to me as I travel with my work and cant always be at home.
<|endofexample|>
Recently I had switched over from Time Warner Cable to Verizon Fios, and as a result of that switch, I was awarded $175 worth in gift cards. I chose Amazon as my place to redeem them since I like buying from there, and was toying with the idea of getting a Kindle Fire HD. I [...]
<|endofexample|>
I’m breaking my rules. I made a personal pact to pull back a little from being online in order to get projects in full swing. More face-to-face time, as it were.
In the meanwhile, I’m taking a momentary mental vacay. The kind of visual break which takes me back to an experience . . . . the “I can see the light at the end of the tunnel” of the paper piles kind of experience. That usually means being somewhere out in the countryside/mountain valleys or in a favorite garden spot.
Funny thing is, that must be what a few of you all enjoy, too! Here are my two top photos that have been repinned from my Pinterest page. With all of the interior design and food images I’ve pinned, it was very interesting to watch the almost instantaneous repinnings of these occur. (I’m kind of proud that I took these pics, too!)
A fabulous barn on the way to the Todd General Store. Somewhere around Fleetwood, NC. Notice the window treatments in the upper level? I call this my “drive by shooting”. As the DH tends to zoom by, I’m always yelling, “pull the car over!”
The stained glass dome at Daniel Stowe Botanical Gardens - Belmont, NC. This isn’t the only jewel at the gardens, but it gives me a sense of childlike awe and wonder. I think that’s an important trait to have, as a creative person . . . to always be open to the possibilities.
I’m so glad I’ve shared images that inspire or stir the imagination. I hope my interiors do the same for my clients.
Now, back to reality!
1 comment:
Good Morning Wanda!
Gorgeous photos indeed! Just a note to say how much I enjoy your postings, and newsletter! Happy Spring!
Patrick Landrum
Interior Designer
PL&D/Patrick Landrum Design
<|endofexample|>
‘Home is where your story begins,’ says Santa Barbara interior designer Debra Borden
Owner and principal designer with Borden Interiors & Associates, Debra Borden lives by the motto “home is where your story begins.”
Debra Borden
This exemplifies how she has approached design projects throughout her 35 years as a professional interior designer.
After graduating with a bachelor’s of science degree in interior design from the University of Arizona, Borden started her career at Barker Brothers in Los Angeles, where she participated in store planning and was head designer for the Home Design Studio.
In 1980 she moved to Santa Barbara, where she launched her own business. Since then, her projects have included model homes, residential and commercial design, retail and home staging.
Her specialties are apartment design, bathroom design, budget design, color consulting, commercial design, home staging, interior decorating, interior design, kitchen design, new construction, product purchasing, remodeling, residential design, space planning and window treatment.
Her primary styles are Americana, children, coastal, contemporary, cottage, country, eclectic, traditional, transitional, Tuscan and urban loft.
She is a certified interior designer and a member of IIDA.
Borden Interiors & Associates works within any budget, no matter how large or small. The firm has the experience and ability to incorporate existing pieces to redesign a home as well as starting from a blank slate.
“We listen to our clients and can translate their needs into a beautiful and comfortable home with style and character,” said Borden. “We pride ourselves in being professional and attentive to our client’s desires and strive to achieve your vision.”
The hands on Borden Interiors design team provides a full range of services, including paint and furniture selection, space planning, window and wall treatments, kitchen and bath design, accessory selection, redesign and home staging.
“Our goal as designers is to make our clients experience an easy and enjoyable one,” said Borden. “We listen to our clients needs and strive to create the ultimate living space for their lifestyle. We work within a multitude of budgets, no project is too small.”
<|endofexample|>
Home » Interior Design Photos » %group_name%
This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser.
Finding Interior Designers is easy with The Interior Design Directory's trusted network of top-rated Interior Designers.
Business Directory Software by Brilliant Directories
<|endofexample|>
Affordable apps and mobile devices: the newest addition to your toolbox
By Janelle Penny
Figure out which mobile technology fits best with your department by weighing these three factors:
However, some functions simply don’t translate well to a phone-sized screen – tasks like complex database management need a bigger screen, such as the 10-inch screen commonly offered by tablet manufacturers.
The smaller 7-inch screen on the newest tablet, the iPad Mini, is bigger than a smartphone but significantly smaller than the full-size iPad, so it may not fit every business process you’d want a tablet for.
“Not all products are created equal. Some may prefer a smartphone, as it’s compact and easy to use on the fly, while others prefer a tablet due to its size and seemingly endless functionality,” Garrett notes. “In reality, a smartphone and tablet are universal in that you can accomplish most tasks with both devices. When looking for the perfect middle ground between a mobile device and a computer, I would select a tablet – it’s the perfect go-between when you consider its overall capabilities.”
Essential Apps
Whatever function you need in the field, there’s an app for that – or, more accurately, five or more apps for that. In fact, Apple’s App Store alone boasts over 500,000 apps for the iPad and iPhone, and apps compatible with Google’s Android operating system are similarly prevalent.
For example, a simple search for HVAC turns up inspection checklists, conversion and calculation formulas, and more.
It seems daunting to narrow down which specific app best performs any given business task, but there are a few resources that can make the choice easier. The internet is flush with user reviews for many of them. You can also download apps like App Advice, Apps Gone Free, or AppStart that spotlight reviews from subject matter experts who evaluate apps for basic functionality and value, Garrett notes.
“Creating the right marriage of apps is critical,” Garrett says. “Selecting apps that produce the best ROI can be daunting considering the amount of time required to properly research quality apps prior to purchase – unless, of course, you don’t mind wasting lots of money on apps that don’t deliver as promised.”
Janelle Penny janelle.penny@buildings.com is associate editor of BUILDINGS.
<|endofexample|>
Leonardo da Vinci is a sub programme of the European Union Lifelong Learning Programme that helps European citizens to acquire new skills, knowledge and qualifications, and have them recognised across borders
in order to improve their employability on changing labour markets.
Mobility
People in Initial Vocational Training
People in the labour market
Professionals in vocational education and training
Mobility certificates
Preparatory visits
Partnerships
Parcerias Leonardo da Vinci
Multilateral projects
Development of innovation
Transfer of innovation
Thematic networks
Accompanying measures
27 European Union Member States
Iceland
Liechtenstein
Norway
Turkey
Croatia
Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
Information adapted from the Publication “What's in it for me?” – EU Opportunities in education, culture and youth. Edition: Publications Office of the European Union, 2010
<|endofexample|>
The Aftermath of the Tsunami
Campus responds to crisis
Published: Thursday, January 20, 2005
"It is precisely at times like this that human rights concerns cannot be set aside because the dangers are so great," Geoffrey Robinson
By Ajay Singh
UCLA Today Staff. This article first appeared in the UCLA Today.
UCLA alumnus Eugene Kim and his wife, Faye Wachs, were scuba diving in Thailand when the Indian Ocean tsunami sucked them 130 feet under the dark, swirling waters. Somehow, the Santa Monica couple survived and went on to help injured victims on the devastated Thai island where they were vacationing.
"It was one of the few times in your life when you're absolutely dependent on the forces of nature," said Kim, a transportation consultant, recounting the ordeal Jan. 13 at the School of Public Affairs, where he earned a Ph.D. in urban planning in 2000. "It was like a bomb going off, and we somehow survived it. It's very hard to understand."
The tsunami has been described as the first ever natural disaster on a global scale, given its international death toll. Yet what made it truly horrific was the utter lack of disaster preparedness in the worst hit areas, Geoff Robinson, associate professor of Southeast Asian history, noted at another Jan. 13 campus symposium, "The Tsunami and Its Aftermath: Aid, Economics, Politics and Culture," organized by the International Institute.
Helicoptors land on a debris-strewn beach.
The Indonesian province of Aceh had no humanitarian networks, logistics or infrastructure, and had been closed to journalists because the Indonesian military has been conducting a brutal counterinsurgency campaign against separatist rebels there, Robinson said. As a result, while horrific reports of the tsunami poured in from tourist rich Thailand and Sri Lanka, precious little was initially known about Aceh's devastation, even though two thirds of the 110,229 deaths reported there were of women and children.
"The United States has stood by and supported the [Indonesian] military as it has committed some of the most egregious violations of human rights," said Robinson, adding that U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell recently remarked that those concerns ought to be set aside to allow Indonesian troops to help Aceh's victims.
"It is precisely at times like this that human rights concerns cannot be set aside because the dangers are so great," Robinson added, explaining that the Indonesian military has curtailed the movement of foreign relief groups in Aceh, ostensibly to continue its crackdown on rebels.
"Predictably now there is also talk of restoring U.S. Indonesian military ties," which had been cut off after the Indonesian military had been found to be killing civilians in East Timor in 1999. Humanitarian relief alone is insufficient to heal Aceh's wounds, Robinson said, because "if the problem is man made, solutions, too, must be political."
The symposium was the first of a series of forums that the International Institute, with the Asia Institute taking the lead, plans to present in the aftermath of this global disaster. A Web site has also been launched to help the UCLA community understand the short and long term impacts of the disaster. Visit it at.
Among the most pressing concerns for survivors, especially children, is the state of their mental health, which almost always takes a back seat to relief efforts, said Alina Dorian of the School of Public Health. One way to reduce mental stress in children is to get them back into school, normalizing their routine, but "unfortunately in some places teachers were killed," according to Alan Steinberg, associate director of the National Center for Child Traumatic Stress at UCLA.
While funds have been pouring into relief agencies, many felt the need to do something else. The UCLA Medical Center's Spiritual Care Department held a memorial service in remembrance of the tsunami's victims on Jan. 14 in the NPH Auditorium.
"We've all been bombarded by the images of devastation and destruction," said the Rev. Sandra Yarlott, director of the department. "To see all these deaths "it's just difficult to comprehend. It's important to have a time to take all this into a healing space."
Center for Southeast Asian Studies
<|endofexample|>
Searching For a Hankamer, TX High-Speed Wireless Internet Provider?
Internet America is a premier wireless Internet provider in the southwest United States. We offer exceptional and reliable service to rural areas such as Hankamer, TX. Regardless of whether you live in an urban or rural setting, Internet America has you covered. Choosing an Internet provider doesn't have to be a headache any longer. Internet America is your best choice for everything you need to get the Internet speeds you deserve from a company with top-notch support.
Do You Have a Need For Speed?
There is nothing more frustrating than dealing with unreliable Internet connections and speeds. Slow Internet speeds are a big complaint for rural citizens and one we hear about often when customers explain why they are switching to our services. Internet America realizes that just because you don't live in a large urban area doesn't mean you don't deserve fast and reliable wireless Internet. With Internet America's Hankamer wireless broadband service, you will never be forced to suffer through slow Internet speeds again.
The Hankamer ISP That Has It All
We don't skimp on the small stuff at Internet America. You will enjoy full service high-speed wireless Internet from almost anywhere. No phone? No problem. Our wireless broadband connection doesn't require a phone line or cable connection to offer the services you need.
Keeping You Connected
Whether you utilize your high-speed Internet from your East Texas home for blogging, checking emails, surfing the web, or connecting for the latest news about your friends via Facebook, Internet America will keep you connected to the things that matter most to you. With less downtime and more speed, you get everything you need from the Internet without worry. Let us do the work while you kick back and enjoy the speeds that our customers rave about.
<|endofexample|>
When strengthens and extends your existing network of trusted contacts. LinkedIn is a networking tool that helps you discover inside connections to recommended job candidates, industry experts and business partners.
Family Business Alliance uses social media as a way to help area family businesses achieve their business goals. LinkedIn is one of the Good Idea to Leverage Internet. this blog will have feedback from top networkers of linkedin user of different city and country.
- LinkedIn has over 53 million members in over 200 countries and territories around the world.
- A new member joins LinkedIn approximately every second, and about half of our members are outside the U.S.
- Executives from all Fortune 500 companies are LinkedIn members.
Company History.
2003 | 2004 | 2005 | 2006 | 2007 | 2008 | 2009
<|endofexample|>
Customers interest for 90 days. Blue Nile customers can choose the Bill Me Later payment option when shopping online or over the phone.
In addition to Bill Me Later, Blue Nile also offers third-party financing through Bank of America, as well as payment options that include PayPal, all major credit cards and bank wire transfers.
"Blue Nile is always looking for ways to enhance the shopping experience for our customers, especially throughout the holiday season," said Diane Irvine, Chief Executive Officer of Blue Nile. "Customers will now have even greater options for financing their gift purchases through this expanded Bill Me Later offering."
To use Bill Me Later, customers simply select Bill Me Later as their payment method at checkout, answer two quick questions and then accept the terms. An approval response takes only a few seconds, there are no application fees and there is no need to apply ahead of time. For more details on the financing options available at Blue Nile, please visit:.
For those looking to purchase jewelry this holiday season, Blue Nile provides a simple and seamless gift-giving shopping experience. Throughout the shopping process, customers can contact Blue Nile`s expert diamond and jewelry consultants by email, live chat or through a 1-800 number posted on every page of the website. Blue Nile offers free FedEx delivery on all purchases, elegant packaging, grading reports for all certified diamonds, professional appraisals for diamond, gemstone and pearl jewelry over $1,000 and a 30-day return.
CONTACT: Blue Nile, Inc.
Liz Powell, 206-336-6755 (Media)
liz@bluenile.com
Eileen Askew, 206-336-6745 (Investors)
bluenileir@bluenile.com
Blue Nile Offers Attractive Financing Options This Holiday Season; Expands Bill Me Later Offering
Senior Editor
Topics: Bill Me Later, Blue Nile Inc., Diamond, Nile
<|endofexample|>
While many of the goals of this analysis remain consistent with the inaugural version, there are three additional goals which themselves were born from readers of the initial report. The original goals remain:
- Present benchmarks for a wide variety of live chat operational practices
- Uncover implementation differences affecting key live chat operational issues
- Test the statistical causality of live chat operational best practices
The additional goals in this updated version are:
- Monitor and report on changes to key benchmarks since the first report
- Calculate benchmarks for higher traffic sites
- Identify and present benchmarks for elite users of live chat
<|endofexample|>
:
Huh. I thought for sure I had left a comment on this someplace on this blog in the last year: before I go hunting through the PL or the Acta Sanctorum, let me know if the following sounds familiar. The beginning of a Latin passion of Sts Alban and Amphibalus begins with the narrator claiming that have discovered the story recorded (?? is this right?) on a crumbling ancient wall: check Bob Stein's book, since I learned about this in one of his classes. If I remember this correctly, it's perfect for your work. Of course, if you want to play with dinosaur bones, there's the bit at the end of Des Granz Geantz about the bones of giants evidencing the history Gogmagog tells Brutus. Neither of these points need to be main points of discussion in your essay, but each merits at least a rich footnote.
Ah. Wasn't that hard to find:
Cives quondam Verolamii, ob elationem cordis sui declarandam qualiter passus sit beatissimus Albanus in muris suæ civitatis sculptum reliquerunt: quam scripturam, longo post tempore, in muris eorum, jam ruinosis & ad ruinam inclinatis, inveni: vidique mœnia præ vetustate jam labi, infra quorum ambitum [Col. 0149D] B. Albanus graves in corpore pertulit cruciatus.
From Acta Sanctorum, "Albani, Amphibali & Sociorum anno DXC Anglice scripta. Interpr. Guilielmo monacho Albanensi," Jun IV. You may also wish to look at this, "Saints Alban and Amphibalus in the Works of Matthew Paris: Dublin, Trinity College MS 177," Florence McCulloch, in Speculum, Vol. 56, No. 4 (Oct., 1981), pp. 761-785..
I am at the beginning of sketching out something similar - but with a different approach and different exempla. I shall definitely have a look at your reading list. Here are some of the names on mine: Michael Shanks, Christopher Tilley, Daniel Miller and Ian Hodder..
the work of giants comes to mind....I can't think off the top of my head anyway of an actual reference to Pictish petroglyphs in medieval writers....ogam, yes, runes, yes. I would think though seriously that the OE poem The Ruin would be right up there for this.
<|endofexample|>
Written by Amanda Turner for International Gymnast Magazine
|
Sunday, 17 October 2010 11:30
The women's qualification concludes in in a big way as the host nation takes the floor in Subdivision 12.
The team features two-time Olympian Suzanne Harmes, another gymnast who has shown that high-level competition is possible after becoming a mother.
The session also features Uzbekistan, whose program has stayed alive thanks to the continual efforts of several people, especially coach Svetlana Kuznetsova. Former Uzbek team member Oksana Chusovitina — who coaches Uzbek gymnasts in addition to her own training — will no doubt stay around to watch this sesson after competing in the previous subdivision for Germany.
Uzbekistan: Vault
Uzbekistan starts on vault, which has produced its best results historically from 2003 world champion Chusovitina. The Central Asian country doesn't have gymnasts of Chusovitina's quality currently, but 2008 Olympian Luisa Galiulina has produced excellent results. She's capable of a score in the high 14s on balance beam, which would put her into the final in Rotterdam.
The Netherlands: Uneven Bars
The home team begins on uneven bars, which along with beam is one of its strongest events. The Netherlands finished seventh at the 2010 European Championships, but have lost two gymnasts to injury: Mayra Kroonen and Wyomi Masela.
Sanne Wevers, the only gymnast who does a double turn with her leg up on beam, would no doubt love a spot in the finals.
The Dutch were 17th at the 2007 Worlds, and are trying to get back into the form that put them in the team final in 2001.
Taipei: Balance Beam
Taiwan, officially known as Chinese Taipei, sent two female gymnasts to Rotterdam. The tiny island nation has had some success with its male gymnasts, and have fielded a full men's team this year. Its female entrants are two first-year seniors, and will be looking for a strong showing ahead of the Asian Games.
Next Up: : Competition continues Monday morning with the men's qualification. Teams from Egypt, France, Korea and New Zealand take the.
<|endofexample|>
- The Intrepid Experience
- Destinations
- About Intrepid
- Booking Intrepid
- Community
Book online or call 1 800 970 7299
Food AdventuresFind out more
- 2013 BrochuresView. Order. Download.
- Intrepid photo
competitionFind out how to enter
Family AdventuresFind out more
Sailing AdventuresFind out more
- Late discountsUp to 25% OFF
- Up to 15%
OFF AsiaFind out more
- Au PairsFind out more
- Shackleton
EpicFind out more
- Kili Climb - Rise to
the ChallengeFind out more
- Real Food
World TourWatch it now
-
›You are hereHome›About Intrepid›Employment›Recruitment process!
<|endofexample|>
Inuyasha Screencap Gallery
See more screen captures from Episode 43.
Back to main Inuyasha Screencap Gallery, where we have the most complete archive of Inuyasha screen captures for every episode.
Are you looking for screen captures for Inuyasha Movies? We also have them! Check out high quality images from all four Inuyasha movies as well as detailed plot summaries in the Movies section.
<|endofexample|>
The Malta Business Bureau's EU LIFE+ Investing in Water Project aims to help businesses and hotels reduce their water consumption. The project is doing this by providing expert advice to enterprises over the course of 2012 and 2013, on water saving opportunities present in their operations and how best to achieve them.The project, in early 2012, concluded a set of Water Audits with around. 40 enterprises from various sectors. This set of audits has highlighted water saving opportunities and potential solutions applicable in many scenarios, which should meet the circumstances of local enterprises. They are currently being developed and will be published in a single complete reference document by October 2012. This Water Saving Solutions document will be distributed to businesses and hotels across Malta and Gozo, and made freely available through this website.The project will also offer enterprises individual consultation on identifying the solutions most relevant to their circumstances and on how to implement them. The project is also organising a national Water Conference on the 22nd of June 2012 – mark that date in your calendars.By saving water enterprises are reducing their operating costs – important in any commercial enterprise. Enterprises would also be taking concrete action to reduce pressure on a very scarce national resource, benefitting the environment. Commercial interests and environmental protection coming together in such a complimentary manner is true best practice, a win-win situation for all.
<|endofexample|>
Retirement.
Know Your Stock Cost BasisUnderstanding equity cost basis is critical for tracking the gains or losses of an investment. ...
Investing In REITs Instead Of PropertyLearn why this one particular REIT is a better investment than holding physical property in your retirement portfolio.
5 Signs It's Time To RetireLeaving the workforce isn't always an easy decision. Are you ready to take the leap?
Will Obama’s Chained CPI Help Keep Inflation From Eating Into Your Savings?Learn the ways in which inflation nibbles away at your retirement income, especially in light of the President’s proposal for Chained CPI adjustments to Social Security....
Countries That Are Failing To Save For RetirementBanking giant HSBC recently unveiled the results of an international research project, which revealed that many U.S. citizens face a significant decline in their standard of living during the final seven years of retirement...
What Could The End Of Retirement Mean?Most Americans are saving only about 4% for retirement, which could mean that many U.S. citizens will never retire..
Is Working Longer A Viable Retirement Plan?People who are planning poorly for retirement are simply deciding to work longer - often out of neccessity. Is this a smart idea?
5 Common Misconceptions About ETFsThe rise in these funds' popularity has contributed to misinformation about what they are and how they work. Learn more here.
Are 401(k) loans taxed ....
<|endofexample|>
Residential
Purchasing a home is likely the single biggest investment you will make. Entering into this decision without sufficient information can lead to expensive surprises down the road. Properly investigating a home is the surest way to know what you are buying before it is too late. Canadian INvironmental
Most inspectors merely observe the mould growth. We take the extra step and find the source of the problem. More than being simply unsightly, mould growth is an indication of damp conditions in the home. Even after treatment of the mould itself, if the underlying problem is not corrected the mould will likely return.
<|endofexample|>
Zebra Girl Bliss Photo Birth Cards
This animalistic flat white birth announcement features a brown and white zebra print top and bottom border. A light pink area with pink scalloped trim sits below your text. Add your baby's digital photograph to the pink and white polka dot frame at the top of the card. Includes white unlined envelopes.
Ideal For Bernhard Modern
Font Color:Brown
Paper Thickness:130# White Cover
Printing Method:Digital Press
Photo Size:3.75" x 2.75"
Min. Order Quantity:10
<|endofexample|>
You are about to open a new browser window.
Clicking an external link on our site causes a new window to open. However, your shopping session will remain active in this window. Simply return here to continue shopping.
Would you like to proceed?
Goat Anti-Mouse IgG (H+L) - AP
Category: Products & Services > Antibodies & Secondary Detection Reagents > Secondary Antibodies
Goat Anti-Human Ig's, HRP
Alexa Fluor® 488 Goat Anti-Rat IgG (H+L)
Rabbit Anti-Sheep IgG - HRP
TCR alpha/beta Hamster Anti-Mouse mAb (clone H57-597), Alexa Fluor® 488 Conjugate
Alexa Fluor® 594 Chicken Anti-Mouse IgG (H+L)
Alexa Fluor® 488 Goat Anti-Mouse IgG 1 (γ1)
Rabbit Anti-Goat IgG - HRP
Alexa Fluor® 488 Donkey Anti-Rabbit IgG (H+L)
ZyMAX™ Rabbit Anti-Sheep IgG (H+L) - FITC (ZyMAX™ Grade)
Alexa Fluor® 568 Goat Anti-Mouse IgG 1 (γ1)
Mouse Anti-Human IgG.
<|endofexample|>
Charities
Involve Swindon is an alliance of companies, statutory bodies and voluntary organisations working together to encourage employees to give their time and develop their skills through volunteering in the local community.
Through us you can access employee volunteers who can help you through four different types of volunteering. Have a look at our case studies to find out how this works in practice.
Of course, there are a few things to think about before you start involving employee volunteers; this Beginners Guide to Involving Employee Volunteers from Volunteering England provides a good overview of what you need to consider before you start.
If you think you have a suitable project, please contact us. We can help you:
- make the best use of employer supported volunteering
- understand how your needs could be met by employee volunteers
- manage successful employee volunteering projects
- promote your volunteering opportunities to employee volunteers
Or to request help from employee volunteers Fill out my form!
If your opportunities are more suited to regular volunteers or you are looking for a trustee or governor, please contact Volunteer Centre Swindon.
<|endofexample|>
Tricia Mulligan
Department Chair
Phone: (914) 633-2429
2011-2012:
– Iona College Mock Trial Team Qualifies For A Bid To Nationals
– Iona College Mock Trial Team Awarded Second Place in 16-Team Tournament
2010-2011:
– Iona College Mock Trial Team Qualifies For National Competition For Third Consecutive Year
– Iona's "Freshman-Heavy" Mock Trial Team Wins Tournament
2009-2010:
– David Meets Goliath as Iona Mock Trial Team Qualifies for National Competition For Second Consecutive Year
– "Iona's Mock Trial Team Finishes in a Tie for First Place and Third Place Overall After a Challenging Tie-Breaker at Penn State Invitational Tournament"
2008-2009:
– Mock Trial Team Earned Invitation to National Tournament - President's Club Perspective »
<|endofexample|>
For information about how to use this forum please check out forum help and policies.
Quote
Edith Grove
Quote
mccparty
I watched this a few times and (sadly!) think it's a fake. Watch the way the kid in back hit's the 'wall'.
That was funny. Joe Kapp has always been an Ahole.That was funny. Joe Kapp has always been an Ahole.Quote
tatters
Quote
,'"
Quote
Green Lady
One of the clean-cut "Bobbys" who invaded the American pop scene after the first Big Bang of rock'n'roll faded - recorded 1958:
Fun record.
<|endofexample|>
It is 10:58 AM UTC when you ran this IP tracer report for 78.234.55.44 here on our website, IP-Adress.com. When it comes to 78.234.55.44, you can trust that if we have all the IP trace information possible for it, then we will display it further below to assist in your research of this IP address if available. Feel free to run another IP trace for 78.234.55.44 or a different search.
Timestamp Confirmation:
The IP tracer report for 78.234.55.44 was ran at 10:58 AM UTC on May 18, 2013 and the information is provided below if available.
<|endofexample|>
This full website whois and analysis report on Cappersaccess.com was ran on May, 18, 2013.
NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC.
whois.networksolutions.com
clientTransferProhibited
01/28/1999
12/07/2011
01/28/2016
Cappers Access Page
ATTN CAPPERSACCESS.COM
care of Network Solutions
PO Box 459
PA, US 18222
Manager, Accounts
ATTN CAPPERSACCESS.COM
care of Network Solutions
PO Box 459
Drums, PA 18222
US
Telephone: 570-708-8780
NS.SERVERJID3092.COM
NS2.SERVERJID3092.COM
We include detailed information like the server IP Address which is 108.60.207.57. Cappersaccess.com resides at EBL Global Networks in Dallas, TX, United States. The domain Cappersaccess.com was first registered on 01/28/1999 which was 14 years and 4 months ago and is set to expire on January, 01, 2016.
The Cappersaccess.com Whois shows that the registrar is NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC. - but a full analysis for Cappersaccess is below to assist you in your research including Whois, Alexa traffic rank, and server details.
The official title of Cappersaccess.com is: Free Sports Picks - Cappers Access
The official description of Cappersaccess.com is:
Free Sports Picks, NFL picks, Football, Basketball, Baseball, Gambling, sports betting, handicapping, sports book, picks and more.
It is 12:41 PM CEST when you ran this report for Cappersaccess.com here on our website, IP-Adress.com. When it comes to Cappersaccess.com, you can trust that if we have Whois information available for it, we will display it further below to assist in your research of Cappersaccess.com. Feel free to run another Cappersaccess related search, or start a new query.
Timestamp Confirmation:
The Whois report for Cappersaccess.com was ran at 12:41 PM CEST on May 18, 2013 and the information is provided below if available.
View comments on this Cappersaccess whois website report below or add your own comment about Cappersaccess.com.
Now you can review additional Whois data for Cappersaccess.com below. Things like the status of Cappersaccess, expiration date of Cappersaccess.com, and Cappersaccess name servers.
Don't forget that Cappersaccess could have other domain extensions you might want to run a Whois search for and get further information about Cappersaccess owned services.
<|endofexample|>
This full website whois and analysis report on Gougleri.gr was ran on May, 18, 2013.
We include detailed information like the server IP Address which is 74.52.76.35. Gougleri.gr resides at ThePlanet.com Internet Services in Houston, TX, United States.
The official title of Gougleri.gr is: Gougleri - ???????? ? ???????? ??? ??????? ?????????, ????????? ??? ?????? ?????
The official description of Gougleri.gr is:
Gougleri - ???????? ? ???????? ??? ??????? ?????????, ????????? ??? ?????? ?????
It is 12:43 PM CEST when you ran this report for Gougleri.gr here on our website, IP-Adress.com. When it comes to Gougleri.gr, you can trust that if we have Whois information available for it, we will display it further below to assist in your research of Gougleri.gr. Feel free to run another Gougleri related search, or start a new query.
Timestamp Confirmation:
The Whois report for Gougleri.gr was ran at 12:43 PM CEST on May 18, 2013 and the information is provided below if available.
View comments on this Gougleri whois website report below or add your own comment about Gougleri.gr.
Now you can review additional Whois data for Gougleri.gr below. Things like the status of Gougleri, expiration date of Gougleri.gr, and Gougleri name servers.
Don't forget that Gougleri could have other domain extensions you might want to run a Whois search for and get further information about Gougleri owned services.
<|endofexample|>
This full website whois and analysis report on Mine.cc was ran on May, 18, 2013.
We include detailed information like the server IP Address which is 109.72.91.33. Mine.cc resides at PCextreme B.V. in Netherlands.
The official title of Mine.cc is: Mother Centers International Network for Empowerment | facilitating cooperation and exchange in more than 1000 mother centers in 22 countries
It is 12:32 PM CEST when you ran this report for Mine.cc here on our website, IP-Adress.com. When it comes to Mine.cc, you can trust that if we have Whois information available for it, we will display it further below to assist in your research of Mine.cc. Feel free to run another Mine related search, or start a new query.
Timestamp Confirmation:
The Whois report for Mine.cc was ran at 12:32 PM CEST on May 18, 2013 and the information is provided below if available.
View comments on this Mine whois website report below or add your own comment about Mine.cc.
Now you can review additional Whois data for Mine.cc below. Things like the status of Mine, expiration date of Mine.cc, and Mine name servers.
Don't forget that Mine could have other domain extensions you might want to run a Whois search for and get further information about Mine owned services.
<|endofexample|>
Business in the body parts of persons with albinism (PWA) is increasingly becoming a cross border trade.
The founder and CEO of Under The Same Sun (UTSS), Peter Ash, told a press conference here yesterday that he has reasons to believe that an unidentified three-year old boy with albinism transported on a flight bound for Burkina Faso without any travel documents was a case of human trafficking.
He alleged that three men travelling with the boy were of African origin with French accent and were on transit from Tanzania heading to Ouagadougou.
“We have evidence and proof that there is a cross border trade where a PWA may be killed in one country and body parts sold in another, or may be abducted in one country and transported to another for one to be killed and so on,” Ash stresses.
He went on to say that the child was with three men who looked suspicious and were flying to Burkina Faso via Nairobi, Kenya. The child was said to be travelling with them on the flight to the West African country.
When asked by reporters how he got the information of the alleged kidnapped boy reached him, Ash said that UTSS office had received an email from one Dr Pius Kamau who witnessed the incident in Kenya. Dr Kamau is a Kenyan-American national who was at the airport on 18th April 2012 when the alleged incident took place. The reporter of this article has obtained the following extract from the email sent to Ash.
“I write to tell you about my recent experience at the Nairobi airport which has left me devastated, confused and uncertain about what to do with the hope that you perhaps can look into this and if possible save a life.
I saw a three year old African albino in the company of three really disagreeable men who were arguing with the airline attendant about the child's lack of a passport on April 18th at about noon. They had come from Tanzania and were headed to Ouagadougou, in Burkina Faso. Eventually they were allowed to fly off with the child. Even though I wondered about the whole scene I did nothing and not sure I could have done anything. However, since last week I have been unable to think of much else other than the fate of the little albino boy, a likely sacrifice in witchcraft. I had heard of it before but seeing that child's innocent face and the three men's almost palpable sense of evil has brought it into focus for me. This is sadly on going in certain parts of Africa and is something I feel must be rooted out if we are to save albino children like the one I saw from unnecessary cruelty and inhumanity. I am not sure if there is anything you can do from that end and if you think I can help find this boy.
I am unable to forget this poor child's face. I was in Africa to continue to build a network of women scientists to come to the US for their PhD training and was on my way to Makerere College when I witnessed the incident I recount above. Many thanks. Dr. Pius Kamau”.
Ash said UTSS Headquarters in Canada has documentation of the killings from West Africa, South Africa and East Africa and that atrocities, discrimination and stigma against PWA is not a Tanzanian issue, but an African problem. “The killings of PWA, grave robberies and physical attacks that have been occurring in Tanzania have also been taking place in other countries of Africa and the world at large.”
Two weeks ago, the UTSS CEO contacted the airline concerned, Canadian High Commission in Kenya, The UN and several other agencies with the information in the hope of tracing the child with albinism. Hitherto, there has not been a single word from airline.
He wondered how a child of that age can travel without a passport, without a mother or without proper identification through an airport. “All the governments can point fingers at each other and everyone can try washing their hands that it is not their problem.
But who cares for the child, for his well being? Is he still alive? Is he dead? Have his body parts already been sold or is he being kept captive somewhere? What if that was your son?” Ash asks.
“I am a Canadian, as soon as I heard this information I couldn’t sleep, I kept emailing and phoning all night to find the whereabouts of the child. There is a tremendous lack of concern,” Ash told the press.
He called on the East African media to hold accountable the airline who he said have a CCTV footage at the airport, passenger manifest and flight attendants which could help in tracing the child.
Ash says he is sure there is a cross border activity and urged the Tanzanian Police, Interpol and Kenyan Police to work together on the issue.
<|endofexample|>
Celebrated vocalist Kasaloo Kyanga, who featured for several bands in Tanzania, died in Dar es Salaam yesterday.
The sad news began circulating across the city and beyond early yesterday morning as veteran musician Kikumbi Mwanza Mpango Mwema or popularly known as King Kiki confirmed of tragic death.
Kyanga, whose twin brother Kyanga Songa died about five years ago, dominated the music scenes in Tanzania and across the borders for more than a decade since 1980.
Kiki said Kasaloo died at Mwananyamala Hospital and his funeral arrangement is still in the process.
"I just have received telephone messages from close friends of Kasaloo, John Kitime, Abdul Salvador 'Father Kidevu' and others from his family confirming of his death," said Kiki.
Kitime and Salvador used to perform together with the late Kasaloo at the Iringa-based Tancut Almasi Orchestra music band in the 80s.
Kasaloo and his late brother Kyanga took a centre stage during the Tancut band’s performance when fans were treated with the famous 'Fimbo Lugoda' and 'Kinyekinye kisonzo tisa kumi Mangala' styles.
Kasaloo, who used to have first class metallic voice, arrived from the Democratic Republic of Congo (then Zaire) in 1980 and Orchestra Matimila Band under the late Remmy Ongala was his first band to work with.
He took the music world by storm for his famous compositions entitled 'Almasi', 'Bishada', 'Natoa Onyo', 'Usia' and many others.
Kasaloo had combined well with another Congolese musician Skassy Kasambula to send fans wild everywhere they staged a show.
Kasaloo, Kasambula and the late Semhando crossed over to Tomatoma as Kasaloo composed master hit, 'Mwanaidi'.
He was later absorbed by Orchestra Marquis Original where he joined his brother Songa in one of the most effective vocal combinations.
Kasaloo and Songa had their prominence and popularity hit the roof of music world as they came out with remarkable compositions such as 'Karubandika', 'Sofia', 'Clara', 'Hasira Hasara', 'Ni Wewe Pekee' and many others that won them accolades from the music fraternity across the world.
As it has been the case of musicians all over the world, the vocalist duo parted ways with Marquis to open their base in Iringa with the Tancut Almasi band.
'Masafa Marefu', 'Pili Wangu', 'Tutasele', 'Kiwele' and 'Jane Butinini' (wife of Kasaloo) were some of the hits that raised their status even further in the music world.
Butinini used to be a netball star who happened to be the sister of former Railways Football team from Morogoro,Duncan Butinini.
The sports desk of The Guardian has been deeply shocked by the passage of the musician and wishes his soul to rest in eternal peace.
<|endofexample|>
Home / News & Polls / Search Results /.
Wednesday, February 13, 2013
New York, NY – When it comes to food and beverage packaging, consumers are most likely to pay more for value-added features that relate to freshness and sustainability. This is the latest finding from a global study conducted by Ipsos InnoQuest..
Tuesday, December 18, 2012
Vancouver, B.C. – It is that time of the year again and retailers are all wondering how they will fair in the 2012 holiday shopping season. In this fourth annual Holiday Shopping Study, Ipsos Reid investigates British Columbians’ attitudes toward holiday shopping and their specific holiday shopping behaviours, including those items shoppers are jotting down on their shopping and wish lists.
Friday, November 16, 2012
Vancouver, B.C. — Living close to the U.S. border provides many British Columbians with ample opportunities for cross-border shopping. According to a recent study by Ipsos Reid conducted in the fall of 2012, two-thirds of British Columbians (66%) have gone shopping across the U.S. border within the past year.
Wednesday, November 14, 2012
New York, NY – To help clients win in market, Ipsos InnoQuest has developed a new Innovation Performance Framework that identifies nine drivers critical to innovation success. By using the Innovation Performance Framework as a guide, marketers will be able to focus – and control –the factors most likely to impact the success of their innovations..
Tuesday, October 16, 2012
New York, NY –To help marketers better gauge the success potential of their latest innovations, Ipsos InnoQuest, the innovation and forecasting experts at Ipsos, has developed a new Archetype IQ System for classifying consumer packaged goods innovations into 12 Archetype profiles....
Wednesday, April 25, 2012
Vancouver, BC – Retailers' activities in helping to preserve and protect the environment are visibly still very relevant to British Columbians. According to a recent study by Ipsos Reid conducted in the spring of 2012, a large majority (71%) say that retailers' actions are either very or somewhat important in deciding where to shop. The importance placed on this aspect of a retailer's performance has remained high each time it has been tested (67% in 2011; 72% in 2010; and 74% in 2009)..
Monday, March 19, 2012
Paris, France - Ipsos is further specializing its marketing research services. To address the challenges clients face in today’s global marketplace, the research firm has just launched Ipsos InnoQuest, a new global practice of Ipsos Marketing which will focus exclusively on providing innovation and forecasting solutions to clients. Lauren Demar will serve as Global CEO for Ipsos InnoQuest.
Wednesday, February 08, 2012
Vancouver, BC – An Ipsos Reid survey in British Columbia, conducted on behalf of ICBC, shows that most vehicle buyers are not readily thinking of “safety” when making a vehicle purchase decision. Instead, “price” and “fuel efficiency” are of greater top-of-mind consideration..
Monday, December 12, 2011
New York, NY – Nearly half of Americans (45%) say that quality is the factor that most influences their car-buying decision, according to a new telephone survey of over 1,000 U.S. adults conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs on behalf of CarMax. Among those who had purchased a car, 45% select quality as having the most impact on their decision, an increase of 8% since 2010. While quality was also the top factor last year, it was selected by less than four in ten (37%)..
Wednesday, November 09, 2011
Vancouver, BC — In its third annual Holiday Shopping Study, Ipsos Reid investigates holiday shopping behaviours, including which latest technology products British Columbians are jotting down on their holiday shopping and wish lists..
Thursday, October 06, 2011
Synovate was acquired by Ipsos in October 2011. The research discussed in this press release was conducted prior to the acquisition, using Synovate’s research policies and methodologies.
Wednesday, September 14, 2011
New York, NY – The top benefits parents want their children to receive from eating healthy foods relate to heart health, reduced risk of disease, brain development and immunity. This is the latest finding from a global study conducted by Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods.
Monday, September 12, 2011
Wednesday, July 20, 2011
Toronto, ON – Eight in ten (80%) residents of Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal and Halifax agree that they feel like they’re being ‘cheated by companies that appear to be selling ice cream when they’re not’, according to a new Ipsos Reid poll conducted on behalf of the Dairy Farmers of Canada.
New York, NY - While the majority of global consumers still perceive store brands to be the same as or better than national brands, a one year trend analysis indicates that their positive perceptions toward store brands may be starting to decline slightly. This is the latest finding from a study conducted by Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods.
Monday, May 30, 2011.
Wednesday, March 09, 2011
New York, NY – PayPal is helping to drive sales for most merchants who offer the payment service, according to a new Ipsos Public Affairs poll conducted on behalf of PayPal. Among online merchants who are able to track their sales say sales have increased an average of 18 percent since adding PayPal’s Express Checkout service. Eight in ten (83 percent) merchants have noticed a bump in sales, while just 17 percent say they haven’t noticed an increase..
Wednesday, December 01, 2010
Toronto, ON – Canadians don’t know when they’ve been had, as eight in ten (78%) admit they don’t know how to tell if they’ve purchased a counterfeit item, according to a new Ipsos Reid poll conducted on behalf of Microsoft. Just two in ten (22%) say they know how to tell if they’ve purchased such an item. Men (25%) are more likely than women (18%) to say they know how to spot a fake, as are younger adults (30%) when compared to middle-aged (22%) or older (14%) Canadians. Most (68%) Canadians recognize that the counterfeit-goods market is a billion-dollar industry worldwide.
Friday, November 12, 2010
Montreal, QC – Newly released research conducted by Ipsos Reid on behalf of McDonalds Canada reveals that a large majority of Canadians are daily coffee consumers, drinking the beverage both at home and the workplace or school, as well as regularly in cafés and restaurants.
Thursday, November 11, 2010
New York, NY – Four in five adults (79%) believe that being able to charge their devices wirelessly would make their lives easier, according to a new Ipsos poll conducted on behalf of Duracell, a leading manufacturer of high-performance alkaline batteries. The survey shows that women are even more enthusiastic about charging their devices wirelessly than are men, as 82% of women agree – including 49% who completely agree – compared to 76% of men.
Wednesday, November 10, 2010
Toronto, ON – As Canada slowly works its way out of the recession, Canadians who own or lease vehicles are starting to think about their trade-in possibilities. A new Ipsos Reid poll, conducted on behalf of Canadian Black Book, has found that almost half (49%) ‘agree’ (20% strongly/29% somewhat) that they would like to get a new vehicle and one in ten (13%) ‘agree’ (3% strongly/9% somewhat) that they are planning to trade their vehicle before the end of this year. Canadians have shown their patience during the recession as four in ten (43%) Canadians, overall, ‘agree’ (16% strongly/28% somewhat) that the state of the economy has forced them to hold on to their current vehicle longer than they would like.
Monday, November 01, 2010
Toronto, ON – As the holiday season slowly approaches, Canadians are beginning to think about gift giving and receiving but fewer than half say they actually enjoy buying gifts for family and friends according to a new poll conducted by Ipsos Reid on behalf of Future Shop. Two in five (44%) Canadians say they ‘sometimes like the process of buying gifts, but sometimes it can be difficult and stressful’ while 9% ‘hardly ever enjoy buying gifts for family or friends’ as it is usually difficult and stressful.
Friday, October 29, 2010
New York, N.Y. – Over one in three (37%) online shoppers are planning to shop on Black Friday, according to a new Ipsos Public Affairs telephone survey conducted on behalf of Offers.com..
Wednesday, October 27, 2010
Toronto, ON – The introduction of the Harmonized Sales Tax has been widely unpopular throughout the province and has affected the cost of a range of goods and services. One such issue has been whether the price of a resale home that has been previously occupied, as opposed to a newly constructed home, has been affected by the HST. When asked whether the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) apply to the purchase price of a resale home, over half (56%) of Ontarians said ‘yes’ according to a new poll conducted by Ipsos Reid on behalf of the Ontario Real Estate Association. An equal of proportion of men and women (56%) think the HST applies to the purchase price of a resale home. The majority (55%) of Ontarians between the ages of 18-34 as well as 35-54 agree, as do almost six in ten (59%) of those 55 and over. Seven in ten (71%) of residents in Northern Ontario say ‘yes’ too, as do 59% of those in the South West and East, 54% in the Greater Toronto Area and just half (51%) of those in Central Ontario. Ontarians with kids are more likely to believe the HST applies to the purchase price of a resale home compared to 56% of those without kids in their household.
Tuesday, October 26, 2010
Toronto, ON – A new Ipsos Reid study of accessories purchases in Canada shows that on items such as sunglasses, wallets, watches and jewelry, the spending habits of Canadians varies by product, gender and season. In particular, the Ipsos Reid Canadian Accessories Tracker shows some very defined differences between the ways and the amounts men and women spend in this segment., September 30, 2010
New York, NY – Thinking about factors that influence their car-buying decision, Americans are most likely to say quality has the greatest impact, according to a new telephone survey of over 1,000 U.S. adults conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs on behalf of CarMax.
More than a third of Americans who have purchased a vehicle say quality has the greatest influence on their car-buying decision (37%), followed by price (28%) and safety (22%). Americans are far less likely to say environmental factors (6%) or resale value (4%) is the main influence on their vehicle purchase..
Wednesday, July 28, 2010
New York, NY – Consumer interest in food and beverages that offer better digestive health, increased energy, weight loss, and healthy blood sugar levels is greater than or similar to interest in vitamins and supplements that provide the same health and wellness benefits. This is the latest finding from a global study conducted by Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods..”
Wednesday, June 23, 2010
Chicago, IL – How can non-grocery retail marketers create meal ideas and inspire shoppers in their aisles? Donna Wydra, Senior Vice President with Ipsos Marketing’s U.S. shopper insight practice will be probing that topic at the 10th annual IIR Shopper Insights in Action Conference, being held July 11-14 in Chicago. Wydra will be co-presenting with Liz Mohr, Shopper Insights and Analytics Director at ConAgra Foods. The presentation will examine consumer attitudes and behaviors and help inform the shopper marketing decisions of non-grocery retailers.
Tuesday, April 13, 2010
Vancouver, BC – Ipsos Reid's 2010 Excellence in Retailing Study conducted jointly with Shelfspace – The Association for Retail Entrepreneurs, reveals that a retailer's customer service goes a long way to win over potential customers in BC.
Wednesday, April 07, 2010
New York, NY – Consumers from around the world feel strongly that store brands are the same as, or better than, national brands at providing a variety of benefits. This is the latest finding from a study conducted by Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods.
Tuesday, March 23, 2010
Vancouver, BC – Results from Ipsos Reid's 2010 Retailers and the Environment Study reveals that fewer British Columbians view a retailer's environmental actions as a key factor in choosing where they shop compared to two years ago.
Monday, November 23, 2009
Vancouver, BC – 'Tis the season for opening wallets for gifts, entertainment, travel, and celebrations, but will shoppers' spending change during the holiday given the current state of economy? To find out, Ipsos Reid launched a new study to examine the purchase behaviour of adult British Columbians when it comes to shopping during the 2009 holiday season.
Thursday, August 13, 2009
New York, NY - Value is a top priority when purchasing consumer packaged goods products, according to findings from a study conducted by Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods. When asked what thoughts crossed their minds when making decisions to purchase food, household and personal products on their most recent grocery shopping trip, almost two-thirds (64%) of global consumers indicated value for the money.
Thursday, July 16, 2009
New York, NY - A recent study conducted by Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods shows that while global consumers do not find the consumer packaged goods sector to be particularly innovative, there is high demand for new food, household and personal products in the market.
Thursday, June 11, 2009
New York, NY – A new study conducted by Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods indicates that global consumers have readjusted their priorities regarding food products. Fresher ingredients. Increased health benefits. More environmentally friendly packaging. These are the top priorities global consumers are placing on food companies.
Thursday, April 30, 2009
New York, NY – Consumers around the world are more wary of trying new consumer goods products when they sense the economy is slowing down. This is the finding of a recent Ipsos Marketing, Consumer Goods study on global consumer attitudes and behavior that covered 18 countries around the world. In fact, more than half of global consumers shy away from new grocery, personal and household products during an economic downturn..
Wednesday, February 04, 2009
New York, NY – While car buyers regard price as a top consideration, roughly a quarter (23%) say that their worst mistake when purchasing a car was overpaying for a new car that quickly depreciated in value, according to a new survey of over 1,000 U.S. adults conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs on behalf of CarMax.
Monday, December 08, 2008
Toronto, ON – According to a new Ipsos Reid poll conducted on behalf of Wal-Mart Canada, nearly one-half of Canadians intend to do more of their Christmas shopping at Wal-Mart this year than last. More specifically, 43% intend to shop more at Wal-Mart this Christmas than last year, while two in ten (20%) intend to shop at Wal-Mart about the same amount this year as they did last year..
Monday, September 15, 2008
Toronto, ON – A new Ipsos Reid poll conducted on behalf of National PR/GE reveals that nearly three in ten Canadians (28%) consider themselves to be laundry “experts” – they know exactly how much water and soap to use and can remove every stain on their family's clothing..
Thursday, July 03, 2008
Calgary, AB - The supply, price, and environmental costs of electricity are increasingly important issues across Canada. Consumers can become more energy efficient and potentially reduce costs by using Smart Meters, which track how much and when electricity is used in their homes. As part of a new study, Energy and the Internet, Ipsos Reid investigated Canadians’ awareness and interest in Smart Meter technology.
Thursday, June 26, 2008
Toronto, ON – It appears that there are few limits as to how online Canadians like to enjoy their computer games. A new poll conducted by Ipsos Reid on behalf of Microsoft has found that one in five Canadian men (17%) has played a computer game in the nude. A smaller percentage of women (9%) have done the same.
Wednesday, June 25, 2008
Toronto, ON – It appears that Ontarians are not ready to compromise when it comes to their ice cream. According to a new poll conducted by Ipsos Reid on behalf of the Dairy Farmers of Ontario, nine in ten (88%) Ontarians say that it’s important (59% “very important”/29% “somewhat important”) that the ice cream they buy from the dairy freezer is “real ice cream made from milk and not a frozen dessert made from vegetable oils”. As well, nearly all Ontarians (96%) say that they prefer to serve real ice cream to their children, rather than a frozen dessert made from vegetable oils..
Tuesday, March 04, 2008
Toronto, ON – A new Ipsos Reid poll conducted on behalf of Hewlett Packard finds that no matter the size of their small or medium-sized business, a majority (59%) of SMB owners say that branding their business is a ‘priority’ (28% very high/31% somewhat high). In fact, just two in ten (18%) say it’s ‘not a priority at all’, while one quarter (23%) would say it’s ‘not much of a priority’. Furthermore, two thirds (66%) agree (27% strongly/39% somewhat) that developing and then marketing that brand is a priority for their business.
Thursday, August 30, 2007
The Topline results for this poll are now available for download..
Friday, February 23, 2007
Toronto, On – Nearly all Canadians (96%) say they would likely try to save energy if it “just involved simple changes in their day-to-day household activities”, according to a new Ipsos Reid survey conducted on behalf of Tide Coldwater Detergent. But many Canadians don’t realise the significant household energy savings they can gain by washing their clothes in cold water rather than warm water: most (68%) estimate that they could save less than 75% of household energy used per load by using cold water over warm.
Friday, November 03, 2006
Toronto, ON – A new Ipsos Reid survey conducted on behalf of LG Electronics Canada asked Canadians about their attitudes towards cell phones.
Thursday, October 12, 2006
Toronto, ON - Canadian Tire Financial Services will soon be offering new financial services and products in two test markets--Calgary, Alberta and Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario. A new Ipsos Reid survey of adult residents of Calgary and Kitchener-Waterloo adults finds that residents think it's important that Canadians are not limited to just traditional banks (89% in Calgary and 90% in Kitchener-Waterloo). Moreover, most would be interested in obtaining financial services and products at an institution other than a traditional bank (63% in Calgary and 69% in Kitchener-Waterloo).
Wednesday, October 11, 2006
New York, NY – To help consumer products manufacturers make better decisions about which products to include in their product lineups, Ipsos Insight has introduced Line Evolution™, a proprietary line optimization solution that takes into account consumer need states, retail space limitations, and the reality of stock outages.
Monday, July 31, 2006
Toronto, ON - According to a new survey conducted by Ipsos Reid on behalf of SC Johnson, strong majorities of Canadians like a clean home and a clean shower, but they certainly would like to be able to spend less time cleaning and would appreciate any help they can get in making their chores easier.
Friday, July 21, 2006
New York, NY— Leading survey-based market research firm Ipsos Insight today unveiled its new InnoTrack tool, which measures how well a new product has performed in the market—domestic or global—versus expectations. Unlike syndicated services, InnoTrack sheds light on why products perform the way they do by identifying consumer motivations and deterrents to trial and repeat., May 15, 2006
New York, NY — Leading survey-based market research firm Ipsos today unveiled its new Product Precision™ product testing system, which features data-driven direction and consulting for developing successful new products, enhancing existing products, and making smart decisions about cost reductions. Product Precision addresses business issues that arise throughout the product lifecycle, using test designs tailored to the client’s specific business objectives, whether measuring the success of a new product, improving product performance, assessing reformulation risk, or reducing costs.
Thursday, October 06, 2005
New York, NY — Ipsos Insight, the flagship marketing research division of Ipsos in the U.S., announced that David Nemiah has joined the company’s consumer products research division as Vice President, Global Equity & Branding.
Friday, June 17, 2005
New York, NY — Ipsos-Insight, the flagship marketing research division of Ipsos in the U.S., announced that Becki Meyer has joined the company’s Consumer Products Division as Vice President in its Cincinnati office. Meyer will lead the Ipsos-Insight teams providing strategic marketing research support and consulting to leading packaged goods clients.
Monday, January 17, 2005
Vancouver, BC — An Ipsos-Reid survey conducted on behalf of Coast Capital Savings shows that Canadians 19–55 are heavy financial transactors, making 43.3 transactions per month, on average. Chequing account holders in this age group currently pay $21.50 per month, on average, in service fees on their main chequing account. A large minority (40%) feel that the fees charged on their main chequing account are unfair.
<|endofexample|>
Rockingham Speedway
Call it Rockingham Speedway, North Carolina Motor Speedway or just “The Rock,” Rockingham is among stock car racing’s most historic race tracks. Opened in October, 1965, Rockingham hosted two NASCAR Grand National (now Sprint Cup) races annually until 2004 when it was dropped from the schedule of NASCAR’s premier series. During those four decades, a virtual Who’s Who of stock car racing visited Victory Lane at Rockingham, beginning with Curtis Turner, winner of 1965′s inaugural American 500 and going on to include Richard Petty, David Pearson, Bobby Allison, Cale Yarborough, Darrell Waltrip, Bill Elliott, Dale Earnhardt, Dale Jarrett, Rusty Wallace, Jeff Gordon and Mark Martin, with Matt Kenseth taking the final win in 2004.
Opened as a flat, one mile oval, Rockingham underwent a major overhaul in 1969 when it was reconfigured to a D-shaped, high banked track measuring just over a mile, with an infield road course added for good measure. The track surface has proven to be particularly abrasive, adding tire conservation to the track’s already daunting challenges. In recent years, Rockingham has played host to NASCAR’s Camping World Truck Series and K&N Pro Series East, the ARCA Racing Series presented by RE/MAX and Menards, the Whelen Southern Modified Tour and the UARA Stars Late Model Series.
<|endofexample|>
: "401k contribution refund" deadline 2012, "401k limit 2012", "aftertax ira excess contribution withdraw", "excess employer contributions" 401k, "return of excess contribution", "return of excess roth ira contributions", "roth excess contribution" withdrawal, "roth excess contribution" withdrawal loss, "tax penalty" "excess roth contribution", "withdraw excess roth contribution", "withdraw excess roth contribution" "how to report", (ira)(excess)(correction)(reporting),, 401 exceed limit penalty, 401 excess contribution withdrawal, 401 k "excess employer contribution", 401 k excess contribution, 401 k excess penalty, 401(k) contribution penalty, 401(k) excess contribution refund deadline, 401(k) excess contributions when to report, 401(k) overpayment roth, 401(k) refunds paid after deadline, 401(k) refunds taxed in what year, 401k - how to i fix overpayment, 401k 2012 overpayment, 401k contribution due dates, 401k contribution limit 2011 overpayed, 401k contribution limits 2012 overpaid, 401k contribution max 2012 overpay, 401k contribution overpayment, 401k contribution penalty 2011, 401k deferred overpayment, 401k ee after-tax, 401k excess contribution, 401k excess contribution penalty, 401k excess contribution refund, 401k excess contribution refund 2012, 401k excess contribution refund roth, 401k excess contribution refunded in 2012, 401k excess contribution refunds, 401k excess contribution rolled into ira, 401k excess contribution roth rollover, 401k excess contributions 2012 penalty, 401k excess contributions and rollover rules, 401k excess contributions- can i rollover, 401k excess deferral withdraw, 401k excess employer contribution, 401k excess refunds tax, 401k excess return - ee, 401k excess withdr, 401k excess withdraw, 401k excess withdrawal, 401k excessive contribution, 401k excessive return, 401k ira contribution overpayment penalty, 401k ira excess contribution, 401k limit and due date, 401k limits 2011 schwab excess, 401k limits 2012 overpayment, 401k limits employer penalties, 401k ovefunded, 401k over contribution penalty, 401k overcontribution penalty, 401k overfunded 2011, 401k overfunding, 401k overpayment, 401k overpayment penalties, 401k overpayment penalty, 401k overpayment refund, 401k overpayment refund 2012, 401k overpayment rollover, 401k penalty for excess contribution, 401k penilty exceede limits 2012, 401k plan ecess contributions correction, 401k refund deadline, 401k refund excess contribution when will i recieve it, 401k refund for 2012, 401k refunded contribution tax report, 401k refunds 2011, 401k return -filetype:pdf -filetype:ps -filetype:dwf -filetype:kml -filetype:kmz -filetype:xls -filetype:ppt -filetype:doc -filetype:rtf -filetype:swf, 401k return of excess, 401k return of excess contribution, 401k return of excess contribution 2011, 401k return of excess prudential, 401k return of excessive subject to penalty, 401k returns 2011, 401k rollover "excess contribution" "roth ira", 401k rollover ira "excess contribution", 401k rollover with excess contributions, 401k roth excess return, 401k roth penalty 2011, 401k roth tax excess contribution penalty, 401k, contribution, excess, penalty, 401kexcess deferral, 401koverpayment tax filing, 6% excess contribution to 401k, 6% penality for ira over funding, 6% penalty for roth, 6% tax on excess contributions each year, 67(-how to correct over contribution for roth ira?, adp refund rolled to ira, adp refunds rolled to ira, after tax 401 contribution loss, after tax ee contributions, after tax ee contributions penalty, any recourse to overpaying ira distribution, application to correct overfunded 401k, are employers required to return excess 401k to employee, are excess 401k contributions subject to penalty tax, are there penalties for overfunding a sep-ira, calculating earnings on excess traditional ira contribution, can 401k excess refunds be rollover, can a ira rollover be withdrawn by due date of return?, can an overfunded ira for 2011 be refunded, can an overpayment in 401k distributed into ira, can i make a 401(k) and ira contribution in the same year?, can i make an ira contribution and 401k contribution during the same year, can i remove excess deferrals from a 401(k) that were rolled into an ira, can i report an overfunded roth account in the same year as refunded, can i rollover an excess 401k contribution, can overfunded 401k be rolled over to next year, can you overfund a 401k, can you overfund an ira?, can you take excess 401(k) contribution out of rollover ira, can your employer refund excess 401k contributions, charles schwab excess 401 k deferral refund, company overfunded my 401k, company overpaid simple contribution, contributing to ira after refund of excess, contribution made by the due date of the return, correct "excess employer contribution" 401k, correct overfunded sep, correct simple ira overpayment, correcting 401 k excess contributions, correcting 401k over, correcting 401k overcontribution, correcting a contribution to a roth ira, correcting an improper individual 401 k contributions, correcting an overfunded roth ira, correcting an overfunded sep, correcting an overfunded sep-ira, correcting an overpayment to sep, correcting excess 401k contribution for 2011, correcting excess 401k contributions 2012, correcting excess contribution roth ira 2011, correcting excess ira contribution by a prohibited transaction, correcting excess ira contributions, correcting excess roth ira contributions, correcting improper 401k contributions, correcting improper ira rollover, correcting improper rollover, correcting improper sep contributions, correcting improper transfer from retirement plan to ira, correcting overfunding of sep iras, correcting overpayment of ira, correcting overpayments into roth ira, correction of excess 401k deferrals, correction to roth ira if overfunded, date 401k taxes due, deadline for ira contributions 2011, deadline for refund of excess 401k deferrals, deadline for taking excess deferral refunds, deadline to refund 401k overpayment, deadline to remedy a 2012 ira overcontribution, deadline to withdraw 401k excess deferrals, deadlines for return of excess for 401k plans,, due date excess 401k deferrals employer penalty, due date for 401(k) deferrals, due date for excess deferrals, due date for retirement deferrals, due date of employer 401k contribution, due date of employer 401k contributions?, due date on 401(k) excess contributions, due date roth 401k 2011, due date to withdraw excess contributions, ee 401 k contribution limits 2012, ee after tax, ee after tax account, ee roth ira, eliminate overfunding penalty for roth, employee overfunding penalties, employer contribution overfunded 401k, employer contribution single 401k overcontribution, employer excess contribution on 401k, employer excess rollover, employer overfunded my 401k, employer overfunded my contribution in 401k, employer overfunded retirement account, employer overfunding of retirement account, employer overfunding simple ira, employer overpaid retirement contributions, employer overpayment on employee ira, employer sends excess rollover contributions to ira, exception to overfunding sep penalties, exceptions to 6% overfunding sep penalty, excess 401 k contribution, excess 401 k contribution "what to do", excess 401 k contribution 2011, excess 401 k contribution refund, excess 401 k contribution refund 2011, excess 401 k contribution withdrawal, excess 401 k contributions, excess 401(k) contributions and penalty, excess 401k contribution, excess 401k contribution corrected by due date of return, excess 401k contribution ira, excess 401k contribution out of my ira, excess 401k contribution penalty 2012, excess 401k contribution refund, excess 401k contribution refund 2012, excess 401k contribution refund withhold, excess 401k contributions, excess 401k contributions 2011, excess 401k contributions due to two employers during year, excess 401k contributions employer penalty, excess 401k contributions penalty, excess 401k deferral due date, excess 401k plan contributions, excess 401k withdrawal, excess adp refund, excess contribtion penalty to 401k, excess contributio ira 2011, excess contribution 401k, excess contribution 401k withdrawal after return date, excess contribution 6% penalty ira, excess contribution and withdrawal 2012 tax return, excess contribution coding, excess contribution improper rollover ira, excess contribution penalty, excess contribution penalty 401k, excess contribution refund 401k, excess contribution refunds and rollover distributions, excess contribution roth 2011, excess contribution roth ira penalty waiver, excess contribution solo 401k, excess contribution to 401 (k), excess contribution to 401(k) account, excess contribution to 401k, excess contribution to 401k penalties, tax penalty, Excess Contributions, excess contributions deadline, excess contributions in a 401k overfunding by employer, excess contributions in multiple ira, excess contributions made in 2011, excess contributions roth intentional, excess contributions roth ira, individual 401k plan, excess contributions to ira, excess contributions to roth ira withdrawals, excess contributions to solo 401k, excess contributions traditional ira, excess contributions withdrawn by due date of return, excess contributons to 401k deadlines, excess deferal return from 401k 2011, excess deferral after 2 years, excess deferral individual rollover ira, excess deferral refund penalty, excess deferral rolled over mistakently to ira, excess deferrals of roth 401k, excess deferrals rolled to ira, excess deferrals solo individual 401k, excess defferal due date, excess employer 401k contribution refund, excess employer 401k contributions, excess employer contribution "solo 401k", excess employer contribution to 401k rollover to ira, excess employer contributions 401, excess employer contributions for 401k penalty, excess employers max returned, excess for 2011 from 401k due, excess individual 401k contribution, excess ira contribution penalty, excess ira contribution penalty losses,s rollover, excess matching contributions, excess refund 401k refund, excess roth contribution and 401k, excess roth contribution made in 2011 for 2010, excess roth contribution remedy, excess roth contributions, excess roth contributions 2011, excess roth contributions made in 2011, excess roth for 2010 made in 2011, excess roth ira contributions penalty 2011, excess solo 401(k) contributions, excess solo 401k contribution, excess solo 401k contribution penalty, excess withholding on 401k, excessive 401 k contribution refund, excessive 401k contribution revised w2, excessive ira contribution penalty, excessive roth contribution 2011, exess ira rollover contribution, fidelity 401k overpayment refund, handling roth ira excess contribution, happens if overpay my 401k, how do i calculate the taxes on overpayments to my roth ira?, how do i correct an overfunding to an self employed retirement account?, how do i correct an overpayment to my ira, how do i fix 401k over payment, how do i fix a over funded roth ira, how do i report an excess ira contribution withdrawal ?, overfunding an ira, how do you refund an over payment to an ira?, how do you report a loss on excess ira contributions, how do you report withdrawlal of excess ira contributions, how is overfunded contribution to roth ira taxed, how refund excess contribution ira, how to calculate income earned on overfunding roth ira, how to calculate penalty on traditional ira excess contribution past deadline?, how to calculate refund of excess ira, how to correct 2011 401k over withholding, how to correct an overfunded ira, how to correct excess roth ira contributions,payment for 401k, how to correct overpayment into roth ira account, how to fix overfunded 401k, pay taxes on excess 401 k ira contribution, how to refund over payment on 401k during distributions, how to refund overpayment of roth/401k, how to remove excess employer contributions from 401k, how to remove excess employer matching contributions from 401k, how to report 401k excess deferral from a rollover account, withdrawal of excess ira contributions, how to repoter excess roth ira, how to return excess 401k contribution after deadline, how to undo overpayment to roth, how to withdraw excess 401k limit, how to withdraw excess roth ira, how to withdraw improper ira contribution, how to withdrawal overcontribute to traditional ira,, i have overpaid into an ira how do i fix it, i made an excess contribution on ira in 2011, i made excess ira contribution, i overfunded my roth ira, i overfunded my traditional ira, my ira, i overpaid my roth ira, i overpaid my sep ira, i overpaid on my roth ira, i overpaid on roth income tax return, i was told to withdrw overpayment into my sep, i withdraw excess contribution to ira, how do i report that in tax return., if a withdrew excess contributions made in 2011 in 2012 when should i report that excess contribution amount?, if i overpaid my 401k for 2010 is it taxable in 2011, if i overpaid to my retirement plan how do i report the over payment as income, if i withdraw excess contributions by filing deadline what amount do i enter for ira contribution for 2011, if you overpaid roth ira, improper 401(k) distributions, improper contributions to individual 401k, improper contributions to ira, improper ira contribution, improper ira contributions, improper ira rollover, improper retirement account contribution, improper rolled roth to traditional on accident, improper rollover, improper rollover contribution, improper rollover excess contribution 6% penalty ira, improper rollover ira excess contribution, improper rollover to a ira, overfunding a roth ira, ira contr, ira contribution 2011 overpaid, ira contribution withdrawal tax reporting deadline, ira contributions 2011 penalties, ira contributions 2013, ira contributions made after filing tax return, ira deduction overpayment, ira excess contribution, ira excess contribution refund after tax, ira excess contribution withdrawal, ira excess refund, ira excess refund 2011, ira over contribution penalty 2011, ira over funding, ira overcontribution charles schwab, ira overcontribution penalty, ira overfunding, penalty 2011, ira return of excess contribution, is excess ira contribution refunded, is excess ira contribution subject to penalty, is there a penalty for excessive 401k withholding, is there a penalty for overfunding an ira, is there a penalty on overfunded ira, is there a penelity for overfunding an ira, is there a tax penalty for overfunding 401 contribution, letter for withdrawing excess 401 k contributions, loss on distribution of ira excess contribution, loss on overcontribution to ira, losses on excess contributions withdrawn from an ira, made excess contribution, missing ira penalty, my company overpaid my ira tax, need corrected w2 gor excess 401k contribution, over contribute 401k penalty, over contribute penalty to 401k 2011, over contribute to roth ira 6%, over contribution 401k penalty, over contribution roth ira, over contribution to roth in 2011, over funded 2011 roth ira, over funded an ira, over funded ira, over funded ira penalty, over funded roht, over funded roth in 2012, over funded roth ira, over funded roth ira 2011, over funded roth ira in 2011, over funding 401k, over funding a traditional ira, over funding an ira, over funding of roth ira contribution, over funding roth, over funding roth ira, over paid 401k, over paid into 401k, over paid into my ira, over paid ira, over paid roth ira, over paid to roth, over payment into 401k, overcontributed to ira and withdrew in same tax year how to report, overcontributed to simple, a solo 401k, overfund a traditional ira, overfund ira, overfund ira penalty, overfund roth, overfund roth ira, overfund sep ira, overfunded "roth 401k", overfunded 401k, overfunded 401k 2011 what year taxed, overfunded 401k 2012, overfunded 401k contribution, overfunded 401k employer match, overfunded 401k in 2011, overfunded 401k roth contribution, overfunded a roth ira in 2011, overfunded a roth ira?, overfunded distributions from a roth ira, overfunded employer contributions qualified plans, overfunded ira, overfunded ira 2012, overfunded ira contribution, overfunded ira for 2011 taxes, overfunded ira in 2011, overfunded ira income, overfunded ira penalty, overfunded my 401k, overfunded my ira for 2011, overfunded my roth ira, overfunded roth, penalty, overfunded roth penalty, overfunded sep contribution, overfunded sep ira 2011, overfunded sep penalties, overfunded simple ira, overfunded traditional ira, overfunding 401, overfunding 401k, overfunding 401k 2012, overfunding 401k contributions, overfunding 401k contributions 2012, overfunding 401k filing date or extended due date, overfunding 401k plan 2012, ira, overfunding a solo 401k, overfunding a traditional ira, overfunding an ira, overfunding individual 401k, overfunding ira, overfunding ira penalty, overfunding ira rules, overfunding of 401k how to handle, overfunding of ira, overfunding of roth, overfunding of roth ira, overfunding of sep, overfunding of simple plan, overfunding of term ee, overfunding roth, overfunding roth 401k, overfunding roth ira, overfunding sep ira, overfunding solo401k, overfunding traditional ira, overfunding you 401k what happens, overfuned ira roth contribution, overpaid 2011 401k, taxes paid in 2012, overpaid 401(k) contribution on tax return 2011, overpaid 401k, overpaid 401k contributions, overpaid 401k in 2011, overpaid 401k what year to pay, overpaid an employee 401k contribution, overpaid contribution to 401k, overpaid employer contribution to an simple ira for an employee, overpaid employer contributions to an ira, overpaid into 401k, overpaid into 401k 2012, overpaid into ira what to do, overpaid into regular ira, overpaid into roth, overpaid into roth ira, overpaid ira, overpaid ira 2012, overpaid ira contribution, overpaid ira contribution 2011, overpaid my ira, overpaid on 2012 roth ira, overpaid on 401 contributions, overpaid simple contribution, overpaid simple ira deferral, overpaid to ira, overpaid traditional ira, overpaiid roth ira, overpay 401k, overpay 401k 2011, overpay 401k contribution, overpay 401k contribution 2013, overpay 401k limits, overpay contribute roth, overpay into 401k account, overpay penalty in ira, overpay roth, overpay roth ira, overpayed into roth ira, overpayed traditional ira, overpaying 401 k refunds, overpaying 401k, overpaying 401k irs, overpaying 401k limit, overpaying contributing to 401k, overpaying into 401k, overpaying into an ira, overpaying into ira, overpaying into roth ira, overpaying into your 401k, overpaying ira, overpaying on ira, overpaying on roth ira, overpaying roth ira, overpaying sep ira account, overpayment 401k, overpayment 401k contribution, overpayment into 401k, overpayment into 401k solo, overpayment into a roth ira, overpayment into ira, overpayment into roth ira, overpayment of 2012 simple ira penalties, overpayment of 401(k) distribution, overpayment of 401k contribution, overpayment of 401k employer matching funds, overpayment of 401k rollover, overpayment of distribution from retirement plan reporting, overpayment of employer contributions, overpayment of ira contribution, overpayment of ira contributions, overpayment of rith 401k, overpayment of roth, overpayment of roth plan, overpayment on a roth ira 2012, overpayment on retirement contribution, overpayment on roth ira, overpayment penalty for roth 401k, overpayment penalty of 401k contribrutions, overpayment to a simple ira, overpayment to roth 401k, overpayment to roth ira, overpayment to sep, overpayment to sep ira, overpayment to tradtion, overpayments of employer matches in 401k, overstate solo 401k contributions penalty, pay penalty or tax on excess contributions, pay taxes on overfunded roth 401k, penalities for overpaying ira, penalties for excess contributions to a 401k, penalties for improper ira contribution, penalties for improper rollover ira through trust, penalties for over contribtion 401k, penalties for over investing in an ira, penalties for overfund self directed ira, penalties for overfund self directed roth ira, penalties for overfunding a tradional ira, penalties for overfunding ira, penalties for overfunding roth ira, penalties for overfunding simple ira, Penalty, penalty calculation for overfunding of roth, penalty excess roth ira contribution, penalty for 401k excess employer contributions, penalty for excess loan from 401k, penalty for excess retirement account contributions, penalty for missing an ira deadline, penalty for not getting return of excess 401k, penalty for not making employee deferrals in 401k?, penalty for over contributing to 401k, penalty for over contribution to roth 401k, penalty for over funding 401k, penalty for over funding a sep ira, penalty for over funding roth ira, penalty for over investing in roth, penalty for over paying 401k, penalty for over paying roth ira, penalty for over payment to 401k in 2011, penalty for over-funded ira, penalty for overcontribute to 401k, penalty for overcontribution in ira, penalty for overcontribution to sep ira, penalty for overfunded roth ira 2011, penalty for overfundin an ira, penalty for overfunding 401k, penalty for overfunding a 401k, penalty for overfunding a roth, penalty for overfunding a sep ira, penalty for overfunding an ira, penalty for overfunding ira,investing in ira, penalty for overpaying 2011 ira, penalty for overpaying into a roth ira, penalty for overpayment sep ira?, penalty for roth 401k overpayment, penalty for roth contribution overpay, penalty for roth overfunding, penalty if overpaid in ira in 2011, penalty if overpaid in traditional ira in 2011, penalty improper rollover, penalty of missing excess 401 k refund deadline, penalty on excess contribution to 401k, form, penalty on excess ira contributions, penalty on over funding a roth, penalty on overfunded roth ira, penalty on overfunding esop, penalty overfund ira, penalty overfunded ira, penalty overfunding ira, penalty overfunding roth, penalty overfunding sep ira, penalty overpaid 2012 401k limit, penalty overpaying 401k, penalty overpayment ira, penalty to company overfunding retirement, penelty for over paying into a roth ira, prudential 401k excess plan, prudential 401k self directed, prudential, 401k , witholding, punishment for over contributing to ira, punishment for over contribution in 401k, purpose of return of excess 401k, purposefully overfunded my roth ira, put more into ira then earned income what happens to excess amounts, refund excess 401(k) contribution, refund excess 401k rolled over, refund excess ira, refund for overpayment in 401k, refund from 401k, refund of after tax 401k contribution, refund of excess, refund of excess 401k contributions, refund of excess deadline, refund of excess ira, refund of excess ira contribution, refund of excess ira contributions, refund of overfunded roth, refund of overfunded roth ira contribution, refund of overfunding sep ira, refund of overpayment to simple, refunding excess ira contributions, refunding roth contributions, removing excess contributions to 401k, removing overfunded roth contribution, report 401k excess contribution refund?, report excess roth ira contribution, reporting 401k distributions due to over payment, reporting 401k rollover to ira excess contributions, reporting excess contributions from roth, reporting excess contributions tax, reporting excess contributions to roth ira, reporting excess ira contributions, reporting excess roth contributions after deadline, reporting income from roth excess contribution, reporting of excess contribution to roth ira, reporting of excess ira contribution return, reporting of excess ira contributions, reporting return of excess 401k contributions, reporting return of excess ira contribution, reporting return of excess roth ira contributions, reporting withdrawal of excess ira contribution, request excess contribution to 401k, return excess ee 401k, return excess solo 401k forms, return of excess 401k contribution, return of excess 401k contributions, return of excess contribution 401k, return of excess contribution sep ira, return of excess contribution to 401k, return of excess contributions roe, return of excess deadline, return of excess ira contribution, return of excess traditional ira contribution, return of overpayment into roth ira, return on 401k, returning excess rollover contribution to a plan, rimproper rollover contribution to ira, roll after tax overpayment of 401k into a roth, roll over 401k excess funds to ira, roll overpayment into 401k, rolling 401k excess contributions to ira, rollover and overpayment or excess, rollover and overpayment or excess and return or retrieve, rollover improper funds to ira, rollover of excess contribution to ira to the following year, roth, roth 2011 improper, roth 401 k excess contribution, roth 401(k) excess contributions, roth 401k over contribution, roth 401k over payment, roth 401k overfunding, roth contribution refund income tax, roth excess contribution solution, roth excess deferral, roth excess for "2010 made in 2011", roth excess to traditional, Roth IRA, roth ira and overfunding, over contribution penalty, roth ira over funded contributions, roth ira over payment distribution, roth ira over payment penalties, roth ira overfunded, roth ira overfunding 2011, roth ira overfunding penalty, roth ira overpaid, roth ira overpay, roth ira overpayment penalty, roth ira refund, roth ira refund of excess penalty, roth ira reporting for "excess contribution", roth ira return of excess contribution taxes, roth over funded penalty, roth over funding, roth overcontribution 2011 figure tax, roth overcontribution penalty for 2011, roth overfunding penalty, roth penalties for over funding, roth penalty 401k deduction 2011,, self 401(k) excess, sep contribution over payment, sep contribution overpayment, sep ira overfunded?, sep overfund, should i overfund my ira, simple employer match overpaid, simple ira contribution overpayments, simple ira rules overfunded, solo 401 k excess contributions, solo 401 k plans and excess contributions, solo 401k contribution penalties, solo 401k excess contribution, solo 401k excess contribution carryover?, solo 401k excess contribution penalty, solo 401k excess contributions, solo 401k excess deferral, solo 401k excess deferrals, solo 401k overcontribution, take penalty or withdraw excess ira contributions, Tax, tax on excess 401 k contribution, tax on excess ira contributions, tax penalties for over contributions, tax penalties for overpayment into a 401k, tax penalties for refund from 401k due to overfunding, tax penalty for a overcontribution to an ira, tax penalty for overfunding ira, tax penalty for roth ira overpayment, tax penalty for roth overfunding, tax penalty for withdrawal of overfunded roth ira, tax penelty for overfunding ira, tax reporting of uncorrected 401 k excess deferral, tax reporting on earnings on excess contributions, tax return excessive 401k contribution, taxation of excess 401k contributions, taxes excess contributions ira withdrawal by due date, taxes if overpay for 401, Traditional IRA, traditional ira overfund taxable, transfer from overfunded traditional ira to roth ira, two employers excess contribution to 401k, waiver of excess contributions penalty, wat happens if i make excess ira contributions?, what are ira deferral distribution contributions, what are the penalties for overfunding a roth ira, what can i do if i make an excess traditional ira contribution, excess contributions can be withdrawn from a 401k, what happans when you overfund your roth ira, what happen if my employer withholds over the 2012 401k contribution limit, what happen if you made ira contribution over than required, i buy more into my ira than the limit, what happens if i deferred more into my 401(k) than the limit due to multiple employers?, what happens if i made roth ira contribution i was not eligible for, what happens if i make a excess ira contribution, what happens if i make an excess contribution to my 401k plan,pay into 401k, what happens if overpay into roth ira, what happens if overpay sep ira, what happens if you over contribute to a sep, what happens if you over fund a sep ira, what happens if you overcontribut to a sep ira, what happens if you overfund 401k, what happens if you overfund a roth ira, what happens if you overfund a traditional ira, what happens if you overfund roth ira, what happens if you overfund your traditional ira, what happens if you overpay roth ira, what happens on excess traditional ira contribution, what happens overcontributed to solo 401k#sclient=psy-ab, what happens roth ira overpayment, what happens to 401k when return to india, what happens to 401k when returning to india, my simple ira when i turn 70, what happens to refunds excess of distributions, you overfund your 401k, what happens when you overpay in a roth ira, what happens when your employer makes excess contributions to 401k, what happens with excess employer contributions to an ira, what happens with excess ira contributions?, what if i have overpaid into my roth ira, what if i over paid my roth self direct roth, what if i withdraw excess roth contributions two years after due date of tax return, what if overfund on401k?, what if you make an improper contributrion to roth?, what if you overpaid your roth, what if you overpay roth ira, what if you withdraw overfunded roth ira, what is an ira excess contribution, what is best solution to overpaying roth ira 2012, what is defferal is overfunded, what is ira penalty for overfunding, what is the deadline for excess deferrals?,contributing to an ira, what is the penalty for overfunding a roth ira, what is the penalty for overfunding a traditional ira, what is the penalty for overfunding ira, what is the penalty for overfunding sep ira, what is the penalty for overfunding you ira, what is the penalty for reporting excessive contributions on tax return, what is the pentalty for over funding roth, what is theirs penalty on overfunding an ira, what penalties are there for overfunding an ira in 2011, what penalty overfunded ira, what to do if 401(k) was overfunded, what to do if i have overfunded my roth ira?, what to do if overpaid 401k, what to do if overpaid into 401k, what to do if overpaid ira, what to do if overpaid roth ira 2012, what to do if sep ira is overfunded?, what to do if there is a improper employer contribution, what to do if you have overfunded your roth ira, what to do if you overfund a roth ira, what to do if you overfund your roth, what to do if you overpaid a roth, what to do in subsequent year after overfunded 401k roth de, what to do overfunded roth ira contribution irs, what to do when you over contribute to 401k in 2011, what to do with employer excess 401k contributions, what to do with excess 401 k contribution, what to do with excess of 401k contributions, what to do with excessive roth ira tax extension, what to do with overfunded ira, what will happenbifbi overfund my roth ira, what's penalty for over paying into roth ira, what's the penalty for excess contributions, whats return of excess contribution, when a roth is overfunded, when are 401k penaltys due, when are solo 401k deferrals due, when do i need to take my return of excess contribution to an ira, when do i report excess contribution to traditional ira, when do you report excess 401k withdrawal in tax, when is sep overfunding taxed,, which form to use to report penalty on excess contribution to a 401k plan, why not overfund an ira and pay the penalty,, withdrawal an overpayment on roth 401k, withdrawal excess ira contributions, withdrawal of after tax ira contributions, withdrawal of excess 401 k contribution, withdrawals from 401k due to excess, withdrawing 401k in year contributed,<<
<|endofexample|>
EḴTĪĀRĀT (choices, elections), a term used in Islamic divination and astrology in at least four principle meanings:
1. It refers to hemerologies in which each of the thirty days of a month, either synodic or conventional (e.g., the Persian hemerology), is characterized as being good (saʿd) or bad (naḥs) for undertaking specified activities. 2. The goodness or badness of the time for activities depends on the lunar station (manzel al-qamar) occupied by the moon. 3. The goodness or badness of the time for activities depends on the zodiacal sign occupied by the moon. 4. The type of astrology usually denominated catarchic (ḥokm al-nojūm) is often associated with the word eḵtīārāt; in Islamic astrology, following a Sasanian precedent, this is confounded with interrogations (masāʾel).
1. The earliest hemerologies are those of Mesopotamia, in which each day of each month is usually given a religious significance as well as a number of activities to be undertaken or avoided (Labat, 1939). There also exists a far simpler form in which each day in each month is either favorable or unfavorable, or is associated with a single activity (Labat, 1943; for further Mesopotamian sources see Reiner, pp. 111-12). A Persian hemerology that may be related to this Mesopotamian tradition is found in the Andarz ī Ādurbād īMahraspandān (secs. 119-48, I, pp. 58-71, tr. in Zaehner, pp. 101-10). In this text the thirty days of a Persian month are identified by their associated deities, and one or two activities are advised to be engaged in or avoided on each. Perhaps related to a Persian tradition, though not to the Andarz of Ādurbād, is the Mandaean hemerology in chapter 8 of The Book of the Zodiac (Drower, pp. 88-92). This is a combination of three sources, excerpted for each of the thirty days of a month, and listing activities to be undertaken or avoided and prognostications for one who becomes ill and for one who is born on that day. Close to this is a Greek text published in Catalogus Codicum Astrologorum Graecorum (XI/1, pp. 134-44; this text cites Melampus, for whom see the lunarium conflated from Melampus and another “Egyptian” book in VIII/4, pp. 105-07).
Reflecting to some extent the contents of the Andarz of Ādurbād is an Arabic bookattributed to Imam Jaʿfar al-Ṣādeq (see Sezgin, GAS VII, pp. 323-24, 373). It is also very close in content to the chapter of the Mandaean Book of the Zodiac referred to above; but in addition contains parts of the associations of the thirty days of the month with stories from the Old Testament found in many similar Byzantine hemerologies (Catalogus III, pp. 32-39, X, pp. 121-26, ascribed to David and Solomon, 196-200, 243-47, XI/2, pp. 157-62). The Mandaean and the Byzantine hemerologies along with Jaʿfar al-Ṣādeq’s Ketāb all share a common source.
Also attributed to Jaʿfar al-Ṣādeq are the short hemerologies which, like the second Mesopotamian text (Labat, 1943), do little more than indicate that the day is favorable or unfavorable (see, e.g., Ruska,II, pp. 35-36; for similar works in Syriac and Greek, see Budge, II, pp. 557-59; CCAG 8/4, pp. 102-04). Ebied and Young (p. 296, n. 3) mention a long hemerology in Arabic attributed to Daniel, Salmān the Persian, and Jaʿfar al-Ṣādeq, which, they say, has a number of features reflecting Zoroastrian concepts. They state that they are preparing an edition; it seems not yet to have appeared.
2. The second type of elections originated in India, where it is the basic form of their science of catarchic astrology (muhūrtaśāstra); there the operative variable is the nakṣatra in which the moon is located (Pingree, Jyotiḥśāstra,chap. 6, pp. 101-09). In Sasanian Persia there seems to have been an adaptation of this methodology in which the nakṣatras were given Persian names (for these names, see Henning, esp. pp. 242-46). Later, they were identified with the Arabic manāzel al-qamar; and there exists in the Ketāb al-bāreʿfī aḥkām al-nojūm of ʿAlī b. Abi’l-Rejāl (Sezgin, GAS VII, pp. 186-87), a chapter (21 of book 7) in which for each manzel (station) occupied by the moon are given the elections according to the Indians, to Dorotheus (in part concocted from the fifth book of his work), and to the Persians, as well as the fates of male and female natives and a description of the manzel’s image for use in astral magic; there is a Byzantine translation of this astrological text (Catalogus IX/1, pp. 141-56). Such a text also appears in the Ḡāyat at al-ḥakīm ascribed to Abū Maslama Majrīṭī (ed. H. Ritter, Leipzig, 1933, bk. 1, chap. 4, pp. 14-26; Byzantine texts are found in Catalogus V/3, pp. 90-93, VIII/1, pp. 218-19).
3. The judgement that it is or it is not propitious to begin a specified activity when the moon is in a designated zodiacal sign occurs first in Akkadian texts of the Seleucid period (Reiner, pp.108-11). The principal Greek source of such teachings was the astrological poem of Dorotheus of Sidon (bk. 5 passim), which had been translated into Pahlavi in the third century, and from that language was translated into Arabic by ʿOmar b. Farroḵān Ṭabarī (Dorothei Sidonii Carmen Astrologicum, ed. D. Pingree, Leipzig, 1976) and, at least in part, by Māšāʾ-Allāh (D. Pingree, “Māshāʾallāh”). Other elements of this form of elections are found in the Apotelesmatica of Hephaestio of Thebes (ed. D. Pingree, Leipzig, 1973, bk. 3, chap. 5, pp. 240-51; cf. also Catalogus V/3, pp. 94-96). Hephaestio was read by Theophilus (Ṯawfīl b. Ṯūmā) of Edessa, and introduced by him to Māšāʾ-Allāh (both were at the ʿAbbasid court during the last half of the 8th century). From these Greek sources—Dorotheus and Hephaestio—, as filtered through Māšāʾ-Allāh, elections based on the zodiacal sign occupied by the moon became an integral part of astrology as practiced in the Islamic world. Thus, for example, Naṣīr-al-Dīn Ṭūsī came to write in Persian an Eḵtīārāt masīr al-qamar, otherwise known as the Eḵtīārāt-e qamar fī borūj-e eṯnay ʿašar (Storey, II, pp. 54-55).
4.ñāna), in which the judgment concerning an activity was based on the horoscope of the moment at which the question was posed to the astrologer. Both Indian muhūrtaśāstra and praśnajñāna were transmitted to Persia during the Sasanian era, and there blended with the Pahlavi translations of Dorotheus and Vettius Valens into an ambiguous science of elections, which was partly catarchic, partly interrogational. To the subject normally addressed by the Greek astrologers, the Indians added military astrology, by which kings and generals may be advised. To the subjects addressed by both Greek and Indian astrologers, the Persians added political astrology, by which both the governors and their potential or actual rivals may be advised (this dangerous aspect of astrology had long been banned in the Roman empire; see Cramer).
The Pahlavi books on elections are now all lost, but we know of them through the Greek works of Theophilus of Edessa, the Arabic translations of Dorotheus and Valens (Wālīs), the writings attributed to Zoroaster and to Bozorgmehr (q.v.), and the Arabic works of a number of astrologers of Persian background who wrote in the late eighth and ninth centuries, notably Māšāʾ-Allāh, ʿOmar b. Farroḵān Ṭabarī, and Sahl b. Bešr (Ketāb al-eḵtīārāt ʿala’l-boyūt al-eṯnay ʿašar). Based on this early Arabic tradition are several treatises written in Persian. None of them has yet been published or studied, so that little more can be done here than to name them. The earliest is a Ketāb-e eḵtīārāt composed at the order of Sultan Sanjar Saljūqī (r. 511-52/1117-57; Storey, II, p. 46). In the first decade of the thirteenth century Faḵr-al-Dīn Moḥammad b. ʿOmar Rāzī (d. 606/1209) composed a Ketāb al-eḵtīārāt al-ʿalāʾīya fi’l-eḵtīārātal-samāʾīya for Sultan ʿAlāʾ-al-Dīn Moḥammad Ḵᵛārazmšāh (r. 596-617/1200-20). Rāzī himself later translated this into Arabic (Storey, II, p. 49). And on either 20 Rajab 663/8 May 1265 or 9 Jomādā I 670/13 December 1271 Naṣīr-al-Dīn Ṭūsī completed, at Marāḡa, a Persian translation of and commentary on the Ketāb al-ṯamara of pseudo-Ptolemy; he had undertaken this work at the request of Bahāʾ-al-Dīn Moḥammad Joveynī (Storey, II, pp. 36-37).
See also ASTROLOGY AND ASTRONOMY; DIVINATION.
Bibliography:
Andarz ī Ādurbād īMahraspandān in J. M. Jamasp-Asana, ed., The Pahlavi Texts Contained in the Codex MX I, Bombay, 1897.
E. A. W. Budge, The Syriac Book of Medicines, 2 vols., London, 1913.
Catalogus Codicum Astrologorum Graecorum, 12 vols. in 20 parts, Brussels, 1898-1954.
F. H. Cramer, Astrologyin Roman Law and Politics, Philadelphia, 1954.
E. S. Drower, The Book of theZodiac, London, 1949.
T. Fahd, “Ikhtiyārāt” in EI ² III, pp. 1063-64.
W. B. Henning, “An Astrological Chapter of the Bundahishn,” JRAS, 1942, pp. 229-48.
Imam Jaʿfar al-Ṣādeq, Ketāb eḵtīārāt ayyām al-šahr,ed. and tr. R. Y. Ebied and M. J. L. Young as A Treatise on Hemerology Ascribed to Ğaʿfar al-Ṣādiq, Arabica 23, 1976, pp. 296-307.
R. Labat, Hémerologies et ménologies d’Assur, Paris, 1939.
Idem, Un almanach babylonien (VR 48-49), Paris 1943.
D. N. MacKenzie, “Zoroastrian Astrology in the Bundahišn,” BSO(A)S 27, 1964, pp. 511-29.
D. Pingree, Jyotiḥśāstra, Wiesbaden, 1981.
Idem, “Māshāʾallāh. Greek, Pahlavi, Arabic, and Latin Astrology,” forthcoming in Arabic Science and Philosophy.
E. Reiner, Astral Magic in Babylonia, Philadelphia, 1995.
J. Ruska, Arabische Al-chemisten II. Ğaʿfar al-Ṣādiq, der sechste Imām, Heidelberg, 1924, pp. 35-36.
Sezgin, GAS VII, pp. 32-38, 49-50, 80-87, 125-28, 324-25.
R. C. Zaehner, The Teachings of the Magi, London, 1956.
(David Pingree)
Originally Published: December 15, 1998
Last Updated: December 9, 2011
This article is available in print.
Vol. VIII, Fasc. 3, pp. 291-293
<|endofexample|>
The tax deduction scheme for Qualifying Grantmaking Philanthropic Organisations ("Grantmakers") was introduced in Budget 2007. This scheme is to allow double tax deduction (from 1 January 2009 to 31 December 2015, donations made under this scheme will be allowed 2.5 times tax deduction) to the donors who donate to the Grantmakers, where the donations are eventually channeled to an approved Institution of a Public Character (IPC). This is applicable even where the Grantmaker itself is not an IPC.
To be a grantmaker, your organization has to be of the following set up:
1) registered charities (registered under the Charities Act); or
2) not-for-profit organizations (approved under the NPO tax incentive scheme administered by EDB or MAS).
If you wish to register for this scheme, you have to submit a letter of undertaking to IRAS to be registered as a Grantmaker under the tax deduction scheme and adhere to a set of conditions. Grantmakers will be allowed to grant tax deduction at the point of donation by the donor from the date of successful registration.
The tax deduction scheme takes effect for donations of money on or after 15 Feb 2007 (i.e. Budget 2007).
Conditions to be met by qualifying grantmaking philanthropic organisations
a. The grantmaking organisation must be either a registered charity under the Charities Act or a grantmaker approved under the NPO tax incentive scheme administered by MAS or EDB;
b. The grantmaking organization must channel the donation that is intended for the IPC to a segregated account/fund (hereafter “designated IPC fund”) that is designated for donations to IPCs only;
c. The grantmaking organisation will be responsible for issuing the tax-deductible receipt to the donor, and it must distribute the donations to IPCs within 5 years of receipt of the donations from the donors;
d. The grantmaking organization will be liable to pay to the IRAS a financial penalty of the amount ascertained by the formula 0.4x the total value of the donations for:
i. Any amount of tax deduction that has been incorrectly granted or that is not properly due to a donor; and
ii. Any amount of tax deduction granted on donations that are not disbursed within the 5-year timeframe.
e. Upon dissolution of the designated IPC fund, the grantmaking organization must distribute any residual funds/assets (if any) to IPCs;
f. The grantmaking organization must institute proper procedures to ensure that the donations are in fact channeled to IPCs;
g. The grantmaking organization must keep proper records such as the identity of each donor, date of donation, amount of donation received from each donor and the amount of tax deduction receipts that was issued to each donor. These records must be kept for at least 7 years;
h. The grantmaking organization must submit details of cash donation received and disbursed in the format prescribed by IRAS on an annual basis; and
i. The grantmaking organization must subject the designated IPC fund to an annual external audit, and submit the annual audited accounts to IRAS.
List of Registered Grantmakers
Letter of Undertaking (42kb)
Declaration Format (52kb)
<|endofexample|>
Addition/Always accept messages for special aliases
From iRedMail
Mission
(Almost) always receive e-mail messages for postmaster@*, abuse@*, hostmaster@*, webmaster@*.
Reason
You should always allow to be contacted on the four special aliases listed above. For example, in certain circumstances another postmaster from an external domain would like to contact you about messages coming from his server and considered spam by your local server and not delivered because of a misconfiguration.
Step-by-step configuration
- Requirements:
- A properly working iRedMail system;
- Note:
- This article was written with a CentOS-based system in mind. Adapt it for your system.
- Step 1.
Create the lookup table /etc/postfix/accept_special with the following contents (a regular text file):
- Step 2.
Compile the above file using postmap, type hash:
- Step 3.
Check that the file /etc/postfix/accept_special.db exists.
- Step 4.
Edit /etc/postfix/main.cf and add the accept_special.db lookup table to smtpd_recipient_restrictions, to a place in the rule chain you see fit for your server:
- Note:
- The place where you add it is quite important. For example, I choosed not to add it further above, so I can cut down on the amount of spam I receive on the special aliases. You might want to add it further above or below in the rule chain.
- For usual iRedMail configuration that's the recommended place to add it.
- Step 5.
Restart postfix service and make sure everything is working ok by tail-ing the logs.
--Maxie ro 08:45, 15 March 2010 (UTC)
<|endofexample|>
This partnership between Asheesh Dewan, owner of the outstanding.
Ananda's executive chef is Sunil Ghai, who has been working in the Jaipur restaurants for eight years, and is known for an impressive understanding of Indian cooking and remarkable finesse with spicing; prior to Ananda’s opening, Sunil spent several months working in Benares, and, together with Atul, has developed a highly innovative and contemporary menu.
Don’t come to Ananda expecting standard samosas and chicken tikka – instead be prepared for culinary treats that challenge the broadest perceptions of Indian cooking. A vegetable korma might feature fragrant apricots and sage, seared scallops might come spice-crusted on polenta and coconut, lamb shanks might be slow cooked in Kashmiri chilli and pine extract.
A great way to sample four dishes in one is to order Ananda’s thaali, available as a vegetarian choice or with meat and seafood. This selection of four complimentary dishes, served with rice and excellent naan, showcases the breadth of skill in the kitchen, and is a knockout dish. Interestingly, each menu contains a wine list, which is a useful idea, although it would be more user-friendly to see the food up front, and the wine list at the back.
This Dublin restaurants got a good choice of wines, by both the glass and bottle, most of which are accessibly priced. Cobra and Tiger beers are available too, although not on the menu.
The creative vision in the kitchen has been carried through to the glamorous dining room, which has taken the best of Indian design and given it a stylish contemporary twist. Flock fabric chairs in jewel colours sit beneath organically shaped lamps that seem to float like giant jellyfish.
Alcoves are trimmed with subtle dark woodcarvings, evoking the palaces of Rajasthan; bright canvasses of rural scenes reference the colourful southern provinces; richly coloured walls evoke the vibrant saris that dot India’s streetscapes. All these elements have been perfectly tied together on a pale striped carpet to create a stylish, comfortable and highly distinctive dining room.
The purity of flavours, the wonderfully presented dishes, the smart service and the beautiful dining room make Ananda appealing on so many levels.
For the quality of cooking on offer, it offers surprisingly good value too.
* Also at: Jaipur Dalkey, Co.Dublin; Jaipur Malahide, Co.Dublin; Jaipur Dublin 2; Jaipur Ongar & Chakra by Jaipur, Greystones.
Not a member? Register for your free membership now!
<|endofexample|>
Ireland.com uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies from Ireland.com.
Learn more about our cookie policy
12 of 13
If the myths are to be believed, Ireland is Europe’s funny bone. Over the past few decades, the island has sent comedians into the world like lemmings over a cliff. In 2013, one city is laying claim to the title of Ireland’s comedy capital. They’re joking, right?
The Irish comedian Andrew Maxwell is on his way to visit Derry-Londonderry and he has a confession to make: “Of all the cities in Ireland, this is probably the most of a mystery to me.”
Up until recently, he wouldn’t have been alone. If you cornered most comedians and pressed them about the world’s comedy capitals, they would have trotted out the big-hitters: Edinburgh, London, New York, and Montreal. Dublin maybe. Even Kilkenny, thanks to the Cat Laughs festival, might make the cut with real connoisseurs.
But in 2013, Derry-Londonderry is edging its way onto that list.
Derry-Londonderry has attracted the cream of Ireland’s comedy crop to its stages. Comedian Jimmy Carr (a self-confessed “Plastic Paddy”, Carr holds an Irish passport) returns to the city this February, while Wicklow-born Dara Ó Briain and Perrier Comedy Award-winning Dubliner David O’Doherty have also had the crowds enjoying a good laugh in the past.
Should the gig go wrong, should the sound of wheezing laughter be replaced with the “dong” of lead balloons falling, it’s the promoter who pays. And right now, in Derry-Londonderry, promoter Eavan King is the Queen of Comedy. In an interview with Culture Northern Ireland, King moved the spotlight onto what has become a comedy institution in the city: Masons…
“It's a great venue; intimate, with a friendly crowd who are there to have fun, not to heckle or find fault. Once you get the venue right everything else falls into place, including having bigger names eager to play to the local crowds.”
If Masons is the grass roots of giggles in the city, The Playhouse is Carnegie Hall. And here’s the kicker about comedy in Derry-Londonderry: on one stage, a star is being born; on another, an established comic holds hundreds in the palm of his hand.
The latter stage is generally The Playhouse.
Comedy festivals are like a bag of assorted sweets. Mostly what you’ll get is something sweet and satisfying. From time to time, you’ll end up with that orange liqueur and an aftertaste that just won’t go away.
When The Playhouse established the Big Tickle Comedy Festival, they wanted all their sweets to leave a good taste.
As a Big Tickle organiser and part of The Playhouse furniture, Aine McCarron is one of those people you’d see in a “Dream Jobs” article. She explains the buzz (and possibly the relief) when a festival act really delivers: “There’s something very exciting about watching a comedian work with an audience in such an intimate environment as The Playhouse. The comedian can always create a great dialogue and repertoire with his or her audience.”
From the apparent success of Big Tickle, it would seem the acts are hitting the mark with satisfying regularity:
“The festival has gone from strength to strength since it first started in 2004. You can tell it’s grabbed the imagination because the buzz builds weeks before it begins in September. Sure, we all need a laugh,” says McCarron.
Don’t we just.
Read more
If you’re a visitor from the island of Ireland you may want to visit one of these sites… Otherwise proceed to Ireland.com
<|endofexample|>
Dancehall News And Articles
Ninja Kid Featured In L3 Magazine
- Category: News and Articles
- Published on Wednesday, 13 June 2012 18:32
- Written by Irish and Chin
- Hits: 239
Ninja Kid is the latest member of the dancehall fraternity to be featured in an international magazine.
He is being featured in the June issue of Canada's very popular L3 Magazine. The three page spread article talks about his formidable years in the 90's, how he got his big break working with some of the industry's icons and even present day artistes.
He is currently nominated for this years Comback artiste of the year at the 2012 Music industry achievers awards.
"I try to record several songs weekly because this is a very competitive industry and you have to have a strategy to stay ahead of the game if you want to rise to the top." He explained.
Since his return to the music scene, Ninja Kid has released five music videos: 'Menke', 'Have Nuh Gal Like We / Tongue Ring Shot', 'Dem' featuring Markus Myrie and his Summer offering 'Look Pon Duh Gal Deh'.
Source: Irishandchin.com
<|endofexample|>
Theile.
4 Comments
Bythebay | Jun 15, 2012, 03:31 PM EDT
Those who continually make excuses for and supported terrorism fail. The so called nationalism is nothing but social disorder and social disorder is failure.
IrelandNorth | Jun 15, 2012, 06:25 AM EDT
It's quite obvious from certain serial posters that the old fashioned neo-imperialist Ulster Unionism/British Loyalism which sees things in terms of victpory and defeat, dominance and supremacy lingers on. Those who make a virtue of complaining of armed conflict and political violence against constitutional injustice need to change their mindsets. Change the cause, and the effect will alter significantly. NB aBtb07!
torbreezy | Jun 14, 2012, 05:40 PM EDT
Many HAPPY returns of the day! ! !
Bythebay | Jun 14, 2012, 10:42 AM EDT
Northern Ireland isn't quiet, IRA Republican Provo Terrorists are still killing people wantonly. The difference now is they're doing it without support from the US because they lost.
<|endofexample|>
17 May, 07:00
IRFU provincial and national age grade coaches - Under-18s, Under-19s and Under-20s - and IRFU elite player development staff from the four provinces gathered recently to review their experiences, discuss challenges and align closer to ensure the development of more effective elite players across the IRFU Elite Player Pathway.
Editor
<|endofexample|>
Oil at highest level in two weeks
Crude traded close to the highest level in almost two weeks in New York as China's official manufacturing index rose to a seven-month high, signalling economic recovery in the world's second-biggest crude consumer.
China's Purchasing Managers' Index rose to 50.6 in November, the National Bureau of Statistics and China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing said December 1 in Beijing. A reading above 50 indicates expansion.
"The data shows an acceleration in Chinese growth, which has been the main driver for global demand," said Carsten Fritsch, an analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt. Crude for January delivery was at $88.82 a barrel, down 9 cents, in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange at 8.57am London time.
The contract climbed 84 cents on November 30 to $88.91, the highest close since November 19.
Prices gained 3.1 per cent last month and are down 10 per cent this year.
Brent for January settlement declined 12 cents to $111.11 a barrel on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange.
The European benchmark contract was at a premium of $22.24 to WTI, down from $22.32 on Nov. 30. Fund Bets Hedge funds raised bullish oil bets for a second week as U.S. stockpiles fell to the lowest level in a month.
Money managers boosted net-long positions, or wagers on higher US oil prices, by 5.7 per cent in the seven days ended November 27, according to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission's November.
Bloomberg
<|endofexample|>
The page cannot be displayed
There is a problem with the page you are looking for, and it cannot be displayed.
Please try the following:
Contact the Web site administrator to inform them that this error has occured for this URL address.
HTTP Error - Internal server error.
Internet Information Services (IIS)
<|endofexample|>
Ironclad Recordings » Archive
Ironclad Recordings signs Each Of The Days
Ironclad Recording is proud to announce the signing of the vicious and talented, their female drummer, Mako, to the already melodic choruses performed by lead vocalist Norio. 2009 … Read entire article »
Early Graves “Goner” now available on vinyl!!!
Courtesy of Southern Lord Records, the 2010 underground masterpiece “Goner” by our very own Early Graves is now available on vinyl! Only 500 were made, so get on the limited pressing quick. We have a couple bundle options and a straight up grab the LP option. Click on the picture to head over to our webstore and pick it up while they last! … Read entire article »
Filed under: Uncategorized
Turbid North and Armed for Apocalypse to tour together this month!!
Turbid North and Armed for Apocalypse will head out on the following dates in August: 08/12 Lawton, OK – Railhead Station (no Armed for Apocalypse) 08/13 Amarillo, TX – The Sorority House (No Armed for Apocalypse) 08/14 Denver, CO – Sidekick’s Saloon (No Armed for Apocalypse)) 08/17 Seattle, WA – Studio Seven (No Armed for Apocalypse) 08/18 Portland, OR – The Knife Shop @ Kelly’s Olympian (No Armed for Apocalypse) 08/19 Medford, OR – Johnny B’s Rocking Diner (No Armed for Apocalypse) … Read entire article »
Filed under: Uncategorized
Turbid North tour diary airing now on Metalinjection.net!
Turbid North recently did a short tour with Unearth and they captured a ton of it on video. Our friends at Metalinjection.net are airing the short series over at this location – Tour Diary … Read entire article »
Filed under: Uncategorized
<|endofexample|>
4 tile minimum - Center Tiles -
Humane Loktuff Interlocking Tile Sizing and Pricing Chart
1/2" Thick
Tile Dimensions
Tile minimum
Sq. Ft. minimum
Weight (per tile)
46.71" x 46.71"
4
61
Black: 45 lbs.
Speckled color: 52 lbs.
Humane rubber flooring works well for:
Because it's a loose lay product, Loktuff™ flooring can move or expand when you need to. It's available in solid black, or we have 4 standard colors: Coral, Blue, Glacier, Emerald and Mocha..
<|endofexample|>
Abusive Offshore Tax Avoidance Schemes - Facts (Section II)
II. Legitimate Transactions
There are a number of possible reasons for a U.S. taxpayer to utilize offshore entities and accounts. While many are created with tax evasion as the primary motivation, some are legal in every respect.
-.
Return to Table of Contents
Page Last Reviewed or Updated: 2013-01-15
<|endofexample|>
The public consultation on same-sex marriage legislation is to close.
The Scottish Government has been gathering views since December.
People have a final chance to contribute before the consultation on the Marriage and Civil Partnership (Scotland) Bill closes.
The Bill would legalise gay marriage, with religious and belief bodies required to opt in to perform same-sex marriages. It also contains provisions to protect freedom of speech and amend guidelines for teaching around the issue in schools..
<|endofexample|>
This season’s mesmerizing ink print works perfectly in this easy wear jersey skirt. Pair with a simple jersey top and let the print do the talking, just add silver jewellery for a modern finish.
Designed with our signature ruched detailing, it offers a flattering silhouette time and again.
Sign up to our email newsletter to receive the latest trends and style tips direct to your inbox. Be the first to hear about:
<|endofexample|>
A fuss-free basic , this essential tee is a must-have. Its soft scoop neck creates a flattering shape while its relaxed jersey fit looks great tucked in or worn loose. Style with any of your favourite summer trousers – we love it with joggers for a relaxed look this season.
Sign up to our email newsletter to receive the latest trends and style tips direct to your inbox. Be the first to hear about:
<|endofexample|>
Authors: J. Allen St. John and Harold W. McCauley
Year: 1941
Type: COVERART
Language: English
ISFDB Record Number: 1404329
User Rating: This title has fewer than 5 votes. VOTE
Current Tags: None Add Tags
Variant Titles:
- Cover: Fantastic Adventures, July 1941 (1941) - J. Allen St. John and H. W. McCauley
- Fantastic Adventures, July 1941 (cover) (1941) - J. Allen St. John and H. W. McCauley
Publications:
- Fantastic Adventures, July 1941, (Jul 1941, ed. Raymond A. Palmer, publ. Ziff-Davis Publishing Company, $0.20, 148pp, Pulp, magazine) Cover: J. Allen St. John and H. W. McCauley
- A Golden Anniversary Bibliography of Edgar Rice Burroughs, (Jun 1964, Henry Hardy Heins, publ. Donald M. Grant, $10.00, 418pp, hc) Cover: J. Allen St. John - [VERIFIED]
<|endofexample|>
by Title
by Author
by ISBN
Displaying Books under Subject: Science
I S I B O O K S – What is this?How to Be an Intellectually Fulfilled Atheist (Or Not)Co-written by William A. DembskiCo-written by Jonathan Wells$9.60 )Patterns or PrinciplesBy Stanley L. Jaki$10.36 (Paperback)A Student's Guide to Natural ScienceBy Stephen M. Barr$6.40 (Paper)Uncommon DissentIntellectuals Who Find Darwinism UnconvincingEdited by William A. DembskiForeword by John Wilson$22.40 (Cloth)$14.40 (Paperback) D I S T R I B U T E D P R E S S E S – What is this?The Design of LifeDiscovering Signs of Intelligence in Biological Systems$28.00 (Cloth)The Right Darwin?Evolution, Religion, and the Future of Democracy$22.36 (Cloth)
<|endofexample|>
by Title
by Author
by ISBN.
"George Nash is the dean and the leading light of historians of the American conservative movement. No one knows more about American conservatism’s past, and in Reappraising the Right he shares that knowledge with us, and also his wisdom about where conservatism can go from here."— MICHAEL BARONE, coauthor of The Almanac of American Politics
"A tour de force. Exhaustively researched and brilliantly written, Reappraising the Right further solidifies Nash’s sterling reputation as America’s premier intellectual historian of conservatism. No student of American political philosophy and politics should be without this sequel to Nash’s landmark work The Conservative Intellectual Movement in America Since 1945. The two constitute the bookends, the alpha and omega, to understanding conservatism in America."— CHARLES W. DUNN, Regent University, editor of The Future of Conservatism
"George Nash, the preeminent historian of American conservatism, brings to this far-reaching work a vast and unsurpassed knowledge of the political and intellectual revolution that occurred in postwar America with the rise of the Right. There are many books on conservatism, but this is one that needs to be read both by those unfamiliar with the story and by political insiders."— DONALD T. CRITCHLOW, Saint Louis University, author of Phyllis Schlafly and Grassroots Conservatism
"When George Nash speaks, conservatives listen—especially when he reassures us in this splendid and perceptive book that we have a future as well as a past."— LEE EDWARDS, Distinguished Fellow in Conservative Thought, the Heritage Foundation
"Scholars and laymen alike will profit from these pieces. They are a joy to read and fine specimens of the historians craft. . . Reappraising the Right is worth purchasing for the chapters on Jewish conservatives alone, and historians of 20th century intellectual thought will find much to value in this book."— History News Network
"This new book may provide the single most lucid analysis available of the varieties of American conservatism and their common convictions, mutual opponents, and underlying antagonisms. . . . It persuasively argues that to persevere today, conservatives must learn in changed circumstances how to preserve its sources and navigate its crosscurrents. . . . A graceful and incisive exploration of the history of conservatism in America."— The Weekly Standard
“[Nash] has impeccable scholarly credentials . . . [and] brings to the current subject a historian’s perspective and an unwaveringly irenic temper. . . . Nash’s interest in things conservative is so catholic and comprehensive that very little of what needs to be said about modern conservatism is left out.”— First Things
“Even for those who are familiar with his subject, there is much in these essays that is new and insight¬ful. . . . Whether talk¬ing about conservative think tanks, the influence of the Southern Agrarian Richard Weaver, the ambivalences of Whittaker Chambers, William F. Buckley Jr.’s writing habits, or the career of Herbert Hoover, Nash is usually enlightening.”— The American Conservative
“Nash’s pellucid prose ensures that scholars and laymen alike will profit from these pieces. They are a joy to read and fine specimens of the historian’s craft. . . . Nash is a genteel and charming writer, fair-minded, and a meticulous researcher.”— History News Network
“Masterful . . . Eloquently and engaging¬ly, [Nash] unveils the story of one of this nation’s most important intellectual and political movements of the 20th century—the conservative move¬ment. . . . Nash’s book gives the best and most complete history of American religious conservatism anywhere.”— Citizen
“An intriguing look at the right end of the political spectrum, highly intriguing reading.”— Midwest Book Review
"Those readaing Nash's collection of essays and addresses will gaingreater leverage in evaluating much of the recent writings that foretell conservatism's imminent doom"— Springer
Interview with George H. Nash, author of
Reappraising the Right
Dr. Nash, why did you decide to publish this book?
For two reasons: to contribute to the scholarly understanding of American conservatism And because the time is ripe.
What do you mean, “the time is ripe”?
As i was preparing this volume for publication, the president of the United States and his entourage were engaged in a noisy, public argument with a fellow named Rush Limbaugh, a man considered by many to be the most influential spokesman for American conservatism at this time. Meanwhile many on the political left are gleefully claiming that conservatism in the United States is in terminal disarray. They say it is brain-dead. A few on the right seem half-inclined to agree. Here and there intramural squabbles are breaking out among conservatives as they try to regroup after last year’s election. So 2009 seems like a highly appropriate time for conservatives especially—and others, too—to pause and take stock of this once-dominant political and intellectual movement. That is where I come in.
How so?
I am a professional historian and student of American conservatism. I have researched, written, and lectured about this subject since the 1970s, beginning with my doctoral dissertation at Harvard University. My first book, the conservative intellectual movement in America since 1945, was published in 1976 and is still in print (in updated form). So I bring to this much disputed subject something few people have: historical perspective.
But isn’t conservatism passé now? Wasn’t it just repudiated at the polls?
Well, we shall see. One of the themes of my new book is that in the past few decades American conservatism has grown in intellectual sophistication and political heft to become a competitive and powerful presence in our public life. Along the way it has built an elaborate infrastructure of media and think tanks that shows few signs of withering away. Come what may in the long run, it appears to me as a historian that in the short run—the next five or ten years—conservatives will be important participants in our national conversation.
It sounds like you are telling conservatives to take courage.
Yes, you could say that. I also believe that the current season of soul searching on the right is a good moment for conservatives to take a “refresher course,” reexamine their roots, and deepen their self-understanding. My book can help them do this.
I have looked at the table of contents of your book. You seem to write mainly about intellectuals, including some I have never heard of. Why?
Because--contrary to popular stereotype—the conservative coalition that developed in the past two generations has been motivated not so much by “special interests” as by ideas. The Conservative movement as we know it today exemplifies the truth of Mazzini’s remark: “ideas rule the world and its events.” Or as conservatives like to say (borrowing from a book title by Richard m. Weaver): “ideas have consequences.”
Are you saying that conservative politicians like Ronald Reagan were not so important?
Not at all. But conservatism in America has always been more than just a tune played by republican politicos. Before Reagan, before newt Gingrich, before Sarah Palin and other conservative icons, there were the writers, philosophers, economists, historians, and literary giants who articulated what conservatives believed and should believe. People like William f. Buckley Jr., Russell Kirk, and Friedrich Hayek—all of whom i appraise in my new volume. These brilliant individuals laid the intellectual foundations and supplied the “idea power” which conservative activists exploited in the public arena during “the age of Reagan.” Reagan, by the way, was an avid man of ideas himself—something of an intellectual, really, as you will discover in my chapter on him in my book.
You seem to take a special interest in Herbert Hoover—not exactly a conservative favorite these days. Why?
I have written a comprehensive, three-volume, scholarly biography of Hoover, one of the most accomplished and elusive figures in our country’s history—a man who saved more lives (in his humanitarian work) than any other person who has ever lived. But more importantly for the theme of my book, Hoover was once a hero of conservatives; today he is generally rejected by those who identify with the American right. Yet there is much in Hoover’s record and political philosophy which should appeal to today’s conservatives if they will get past what they think they know about him and become more adequately acquainted with his career.
You also devote a lengthy section of your book to conservatism in the American Jewish community. This seems unusual, since most Jewish voters are politically liberal.
That is true, but in my research i have discovered and documented a notable contribution by jewish writers to the evolution of modern American conservatism. I think my chapters on this relatively neglected subject will surprise many readers. It underscores one of the themes of my volume: that conservatism is not and has never been monolithic. It is a river with many tributaries.
What would you like a reader to take away, finally, from your
New book?
I would like readers of all persuasions to come away with a better understanding of American conservatism and therefore a better understanding of our times. I would like conservatives to acquire in the process a deeper and firmer knowledge of their intellectual foundations.
<|endofexample|>
"It was a real treat to coast the curve of time with Professor Gottfried as his many milestones of intellectual history reveal their greatness with charm and their foibles with candor. The author's searing self-awareness is an inspiration to all who eschew vulgarity for nobility."— Rabbi Daniel Lapin President, American Alliance of Jews and Christians

"Political philosopher Paul Gottfried, well-known for his studies of modern ideologies such as Marxism and neoconservatism, reveals the personal and intellectual influences that have made him one of our most provocative scholars. In this candid and beautifully written memoir, we learn more about friends such as Herbert Marcuse, Richard Nixon, and Patrick Buchanan than in a shelf of biographies. Encounters is indispensable reading for every student of modern American conservatism."— Lee Edwards Distinguished Fellow in Conservative Thought The Heritage Foundation
"What jumps off the pages of Encounters is the amazing intellectual courage of an author who clearly and unequivocally states and defends what he believes. Agree with Gottfried or not, you will appreciate his refreshing honesty. A penetrating read."— L. Brent Bozell III
<|endofexample|>
TEL:
+86 755 2779 4439
+86 755 3367 7289
+86 755 3367 7289
sales@isinotech.com
Professional R&D Team
We have a professional team with rich experience in industrial design, mold casting, electronic engineering, and product development.
Skillful Workers
We have well-trained and skillful workers to ensure the quality of products, and on time delivery for all of our customers.
Strict QC
We have strict QC procedures, standard written work flows, plus careful and responsible QC persons to ensure the quality of products.
Strong Sourcing Skills
With our profession background on gift merchandise, we can provide you one-stop purchasing solution with very competitive price. Save you time, money, and worries from contacting with abundant of suppliers.
<|endofexample|>
Information on "Armaments" and "Africa"»
December 2012
- Dec 2012
Political Conflict and Vulnerabilities
Author: Manasseh Wepundi
Publisher: Small Arms Survey
This Issue Brief builds on the findings of the KNFP–Small Arms Survey national assessment, triangulating primary data with other independent research on political conflict in Kenya. More on «Political Conflict and Vulnerabilities»
September 2012
- 19 Sep 2012
The Iranian Nuclear Imbroglio and the NAM Summit
Author: S Samuel C Rajiv
Publisher: Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA)
This issue brief discusses the impact of Tehran's recent hosting of the 16th summit of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) on the Iranian nuclear imbroglio. More on «The Iranian Nuclear Imbroglio and the NAM Summit»
-»
- Sep 2012
Business as Usual: Arms Flows to Darfur 2009–12
Author: Emile LeBrun
Publisher: Small Arms Survey
This paper argues that unless action is taken to actively enforce the existing arms embargo or expand it to cover the whole of Sudan, the status quo in Darfur is likely to continue. More on «Business as Usual: Arms Flows to Darfur 2009–12»
- Sep 2012
Perspectives on African Security Challenges: Cross Cutting Issues and Policy Implications
Author: Jessica Piombo
Publisher: Center on Contemporary Conflict (CCC)
This report presents a summary of the findings of a research project on the nature of security and insecurity in Africa. More on «Perspectives on African Security Challenges: Cross Cutting Issues and Policy Implications»
- Sep 2012
Handicap International’s SALW Risk Awareness Project in Libya
Author: Albert S. Mülli
Publisher: Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD)
The paper examines Handicap International’s (HI) Small Arms and Light Weapons (SALW) project in Libya. More on «Handicap International’s SALW Risk Awareness Project in Libya»
-
DanChurchAid's SALW Awareness Raising and Risk Education
Publisher: Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD)
This case study examines a Small Arms and Light Weapons (SALW) awareness project in Burundi. More on «DanChurchAid's SALW Awareness Raising and Risk Education»
<|endofexample|>
[...]
prefill
Cross-selling is big business for insurance companies. Retention rates are about 10 percent higher for customers who bundle their auto and homeowners policies compared with monoline policyholders. And, of course, if you can get a customer to buy two policies in one transaction, you increase your revenue and decrease your average acquisition costs. To entice [...]
Many carriers have implemented point-of-sale data prefill solutions for auto or property lines of business – and many others have prefill projects in the development pipeline. In most cases, the business reasons for prefill involve the “customer experience” or other productivity measures. Faster and more accurate quotes result in more sales…
<|endofexample|>
The High Court on Thursday dismissed a request by the Journalists' Union to put a hold on the appointment of Yoni Ben-Menachem as chairman of the Israel Broadcasting Authority. The appointment was made last week, and the Court rejected a demand to suspend Ben-Menachem's appointment. The court said that the appointment would be discussed in depth next week, and all parties were welcome at that time to present their arguments. Until then, the Court said, there was no reason for Ben-Menachem not to begin working as IBA chairman.
The petition charges that Ben-Menachem is not fit for the job because he is a “political appointment of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu.”
<|endofexample|>
Investigators in the case of the lighting poll which collapsed on Mount Herzl, leading to the death of female IDF officer Hila Bezaleli, arrested for questioning on Thursday evening the producer of the Yom Ha’atzmaut torch lighting ceremony, on suspicion of causing death by negligence.
The man, who works with the Public Diplomacy Ministry, will be questioned and then it will be decided whether to request a detention hearing.
<|endofexample|>
Pillar of Defense Live Blog: Day Seven
Pillar of Defense Live Blog: Day Seven
02:00 The Iron Dome anti-missile system intercepted two rockets that were fired towards the city of Ashdod. No one was hurt.
01:35 An IAF airstrike hit the building housing AFP's Gaza City office. The IDF Spokesperson confirmed the hit, explaining the building was attacked because it housed a Hamas military intelligence operations room. No AFP reporters were hurt.
01:15 The IDF continued to strike dozens of terrorist infrastructures in Gaza, including tunnels that are used to smuggle weapons and tunnels through which fuel is transferred to terrorists.
00:10 Four rockets fired by Gaza-based terrorists exploded near a community in the Eshkol Regional Council. There were no reports of physical injuries.
23:54 Dozens of residents of Ashdod demonstrated against the anticipated ceasefire in Gaza. “Enough, erase Hamas," shouted the demonstrators, who waved Israeli flags.
23:22 U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a statement to the press shortly before meeting Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu one on one and said, "America’s commitment to Israel’s security is rock solid and unwavering.”
23:06 United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton landed in Israel Tuesday night. Clinton will meet with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu.
22:50 Spontaneous protests came together in southern Israel on Tuesday night against a ceasefire with Hamas. One of the protests is being held in Kiryat Malachi next to a building where three Israelis were killed by a rocket last week.
22:34 Hamas leaders stated Tuesday night that there is no ceasefire deal with Israel and no agreements have been reached. Earlier in the day Hamas announced that a ceasefire would be in effect by Wednesday.
22:20 Heavy IAF strikes hit a government building in Gaza.
22:08 Half of the over 100 IDF strikes in Gaza Tuesday were aimed at terrorist cells engaged in firing rockets at Israel. An estimated 20 terrorists were killed over the course of the day.
21:54 The IDF has hit more than 50 terror targets in Gaza in the past two hours. IAF planes have hit a total of more than 1,500 targets since Operation Pillar of Defense began last week.
21:40 The Israeli civilian killed Tuesday in an attack in the Eshkol region near Gaza has been identified as Alayaan Salem al-Nabari.
21:15 The IDF hit more than 20 targets in Gaza over the past hour.
20:58 A civilian was killed in a mortar shell attack from Gaza on Tuesday evening. A second civilian was seriously wounded.
20:38 The IDF hit Islamic Jihad terror sites in Gaza on Tuesday evening. One strike killed Yusef Shaluf, who was responsible for rocket fire on Eilat several months ago.
20:18 The Magen David Adom first response service has treated 112 rocket attack victims Tuesday. One was seriously wounded, 29 were lightly wounded, and 82 suffered shock.
20:16 The IDF reservist killed Tuesday evening has been identified as Yosef Fartuk of Emanuel.
19:54 An IDF reservist badly wounded in a rocket attack Tuesday evening has died of his wounds.
19:47 Four more rockets hit the city of Be'er Sheva. The rockets hit open spaces and did not cause injury.
19:43 The Iron Dome system shot down three rockets fired at Be'er Sheva. A fourth rocket hit the city but did not cause injury.
19:23 Code Red siren warns of incoming rockets in Be'er Sheva and surrounding towns.
19:12 Government sources say that, contrary to reports from Egypt, Israel has not agreed to a ceasefire.
18:56 The government is distributing mattresses and blankets to those living in bomb shelters in southern Israel. A total of more than 2,000 mattresses will be given out.
18:40 Hamas has identified two of those killed in IAF strikes in Gaza as cameramen with Hamas's Al-Aqsa TV. A total of 20 people were killed in Gaza Tuesday, not including six shot and killed by Hamas.
18:29 One woman was lightly wounded in the attack on Rishon L'Tzion.
18:17 The rocket fired at Rishon L'Tzion directly hit a six-story building, causing extensive damage. It is not yet clear if there are casualties.
18:12 A rocket fired from Gaza hit the city of Rishon L'Tzion in central Israel.
18:06 The IAF hit two terrorist cells in northern Gaza. One was hit while inside a weapons storage facility.
17:52 One person was seriously wounded in a rocket attack on Ashkelon. Two others were lightly wounded.
17:43 The Iron Dome system has shot down two rockets that were fired at the city of Ashdod.
17:28 Code Red siren warnings of incoming rockets in Ashkelon and surrounding communities.
17:27 Sources in Israel and Egypt say Israel and Hamas will reach a ceasefire by Tuesday night.
16:52 Hamas has called on civilians in northern Gaza to ignore a warning from the IDF to evacuate.
16:37 PA media report 6 killed in IAF strikes on two vehicles in Gaza City.
16:31 IAF planes hit two vehicles carrying weapons in Gaza City on Tuesday afternoon. The strikes set off the explosives within the vehicles, causing secondary blasts.
16:20 Three people were wounded in Ashdod by a direct rocket strike on a local home. The victims were taken to Kaplan hospital in light condition.
16:18 The IAF has dropped pamphlets over Gaza City warning residents to evacuate to the city center immediately for their own.
<|endofexample|>
Darlene Abernathy
May 22, 2012
By Contributor.
<|endofexample|>
Mac OS X and SCSI
Q. I want to move to MacOS X but I have some SCSI devices that I need. Iâ€™ve heard that SCSI cards donâ€™t work on MacOSX. Are there any that work?
A. Unfortunately many of us have the same problem. There are a lot of FireWire and USB devices that make it hard to hang onto SCSI devices, Zips, Jaz drives and Scanners et al. But you may also have hard drives and tape drives that you need. Most of us switched over to Adaptec cards when buying G3s and G4s. Adaptec is not supporting MacOS X and the drivers that Apple has included donâ€™t work reliably. Other SCSI card manufacturers, Orange Micro and FWB have either gone out of business or been acquired by other companies, so drivers are not available.
Weâ€™ve recently had great success with SCSI cards from ATTO Technologies. Their ExpressPCI UL3S and UL4S are the only cards recommended by EMC Dantz makers of Retrospect Backup software and LaCie, makers of SCSI tape drives. If you have a mission critical application like a Tape Library or a RAID then you may want to get an ATTO card. Otherwise, I would take the money that it would cost for the card and invest in FireWire products.
<|endofexample|>
Internet has brought convenience to people and also poses threats, and its explosive growth makes people face more and more network threats, and network security is becoming increasingly prominent.?Intrusion detection as a proactive and dynamic defense means of security is a strong complement to traditional security technologies.?However, with the enlargement of network data volume, information
(Read More…)
<|endofexample|>
Ayurvedic Herbal Medicine
and its Relation to Chinese Herbal Medicine
Ayurveda, the ancient tradition of India, is often translated as the "science of life," but this is a poor representation of the term. Science refers to a method of study that was developed long after Ayurveda; reading Ayurvedic texts, one sees a religious document rather than a scientific one. In the book Oriental Medicine: An Illustrated Guide to the Asian Arts of Healing, an ancient etymological definition is given:
It is called ayurveda because it tells us (vedayati) which substances, qualities, and actions are life-enhancing (ayusya) and which are not.
In other words, Ayurveda is an instruction for enhancing life. Ayurvedic medicine has some relevance to Chinese traditional medicine. Both systems are instructional, rather than scientific, and are fundamentally aimed at enhancing life. Both are additionally focused at treatment of specific diseases that plagued ancient societies for centuries.
Nearly half of the most commonly-used herbs in each of these two Asian medical systems (India and China) are the same or similar and their actions are described in somewhat overlapping terms. For example, in both systems, herbs are described according to the symptoms they treat, their warming or cooling nature, and their influence on the body humors. What differs is the basic set of categories of disharmony: the diagnostic and therapeutic groupings. In traditional Chinese medicine the correspondence systems of yin and yang and the five elements have a strong influence, as do the depictions of certain bodily humors (qi, blood, moisture, and essence), and the internal organ systems (zangfu). In Ayurvedic medicine, although the total system is quite complex, there is a dominance of the three dosha (tridosha) system: kapha, pitta, vata (also called vayu). These three function within a body that is described primarily in terms of stages of transformation (following the path of ingested food as it is converted into essential substances that comprise the body) rather than by physical structures and functional organs.
The reliance on a triad of influences on health and disease sometimes forces Ayurvedic medicine into a relatively simplistic system, which has had the effect of strangling its development compared to Chinese medicine. Several books on Ayurvedic medicine that have been presented to the West expend most of their pages on classifying individuals and their symptoms into these three groupings, and then present foods, herbs, physical therapies that are classified primarily by their effects on the three doshas. As stated by P. Kutumbiah in his book Ancient Indian Medicine: "The doctrine of the tridosha plays an important role in ancient Indian medicine. It is the basis of its diagnosis, pathology, and therapeutics. A correct appreciation of it is, therefore, essential for a proper understanding of Indian medicine....In the later medical works, it underwent great elaboration owing to the influence of the cosmological speculations and consequently suffered much violence to make it fall in line with them." The enforced alignment with so-called "cosmological speculations" was a problem that also affected Chinese medicine, where the five element and six qi (environmental influences) systems had a stifling effect because everything was forced to fit, even when reason and experience indicated otherwise.
Chinese medicine made an escape from its philosophical binds through constantly reworking of the basic system by strong-minded and experienced commentators. Ayurvedic medicine did not have a similar transformation, and so it struggles with certain inconsistencies that date back to a much earlier age without having been addressed, at least in any preserved writings, in the interim.
Ayurvedic, Chinese, and other traditional systems are today yielding their theoretical and experiential frameworks to investigation by modern scientific techniques, applied mainly for the purpose of illustrating the effectiveness of remedies that have been developed over the centuries. In this context, the underlying theoretical framework fades away, and the tested substances become the focus of a new international effort at preventive health care and disease treatment. Herbal formulas developed today rely on a combination of traditional and modern indications for the use of the medicinal materials.
The Chinese and Ayurvedic medical systems each rely heavily on a pair of texts that are revered as statements of all the fundamental principles within the tradition. In the Chinese system, these texts are the Suwen (Basic Questions) and Lingshu (Spiritual Pivot), which together form the Huangdi Neijing (Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal Medicine), written around 100 B.C. Although both of these Chinese texts are referenced by subsequent authors of Chinese medical works, the Suwen is considered the principal text, laying out such basic theories as the five elements, application of acupuncture, and the cause and progression of diseases.
In the Ayurvedic system, the two texts are the Caraka Samhita (Compendium of Caraka; also spelled Charaka) and the Susruta Samhita (Compendium of Susruta), both estimated to have been written around 100 A.D. These are huge volumes, many times the size of the Chinese works (an English translation of the two Indian texts runs 2,700 pages, while the translation of the two Chinese texts runs only 600 pages). The Susruta, though it contains a diversity of information, is mostly known as a text on surgery; the Caraka, by contrast, is relied upon as the primary source for information about basic Ayurvedic theory and about herbal medicine. Therefore, it is the quoted source book for virtually any discussion of Indian herbs and, in that sense, it may be likened to the Suwen of the Chinese tradition.A 5-volume translation of the Caraka Samhita, revised for publication in 1996, is available from India. However, just as occurs in the Chinese writings, quotes from the Caraka are to be found in virtually every text and few practitioners outside of India go back to the original work to study the principles. It should be briefly mentioned that there is a third Indian text that is usually grouped with Caraka and Susruta. Caraka accomplished the final synthesis of Indian medicine, and Susruta that of surgery. Their works have thereafter held undisputed sway in Indian medicine up to the present time. The Indian medical writers after Caraka and Susruta were only their imitators and abstractors. No real original work was accomplished after them."
The Chinese Suwen and Indian Caraka each present steps to take in one's daily life to promote health; they also describe causes of disease (such as environmental, dietary, and emotional factors), present information about specific diseases and disease progression, and offer therapeutic measures. Whereas the Suwen mainly recommends acupuncture as the therapy to be used for diseases, the Caraka mainly presents herbs, oil massages, and enemas. In that aspect, the Caraka is comparable to a different pair of Chinese books, the Shanghan Lun (Treatise on Diseases Caused by Cold Pathogens) and Jingui Yaolue (Miscellaneous Diseases and Their Treatment). Those texts mainly present herbal therapies. The use of therapeutic massage (with specific oils according to the disorder being treated) and heavy reliance on enemas (usually made with an oil base) is unique to the Ayurvedic system; application of oils internally and topically, is often referred to in recent books as oleation.
For information about herbs and their properties, the Chinese have relied heavily on the work of Li Shizhen in his 16th century compendium Bencao Gangmu (Grand Compendium of Herbs) at least until the 20th century, when numerous revised Materia Medica books appeared. Li's work is part of a continuous tradition of revised and expanded Materia Medica dating back to the Shennong Bencao Jing (Herbal Classic of Shennong) that was written around 100 A.D. The Chinese herbal tradition is traced in a modern book called History of Medicine: Pharmaceutics, by Paul Unschuld. A portion of the contents of the Bencao Gangmu (only that involving plant materials) was translated into English, with commentaries about current conditions in China at the end of the 19th century by Smith and Stuart, in their book Chinese Herbal Medicine.
Ayurvedic medicine has not had as rich a tradition of Materia Medica works, with much reliance placed still on the contents of the Caraka. In 1908, Dr. K. M. Nadkarnia published a two-volume Indian Materia Medica, a guide to Ayurveda that is still considered the standard text. Comparable to the Smith and Stuart book in the timing of its publication, it combines information from ancient traditional practices, current Ayurvedic practices, and reports from Europeans (such as analysis of active constituents, pharmacology, and European uses of the same herbs). Unlike the Chinese Materia Medica books, this Indian text makes no references to previous works on Indian herbs, does not outline any history of the development of the drugs, does not indicate when an herb was introduced into practice, and, except for occasional references to Caraka, doesn't quote earlier authors on Ayurvedic medicine, except for those working right around the time of its publication, mainly R.N. Chopra.
The proper translation and understanding of the key element of the Ayurvedic tradition, the tridosha, remains at the heart of making Ayurveda accessible to those who did not grow up with and assiduously study this field. As to understanding the tridosha system, in the introduction to the Indian Materia Medica, this is offered:
The doshas-vayu, pitta, and kapha-constitute the tripod on which Ayurveda stands. To understand their theory perfectly and correctly is by itself a long and arduous study. The subject being a very complicated one, it cannot be explained within a few pages. Also, it has been defined by different experts in different ways, but the basic principles to which they all point to are the same.
This comment is followed by concerns about translation of tridosha terms to English, taken from an address on Hindu Medicine given at the Hindu University in Benaras (ca. 1920):
The theory of vayu, pitta, and kapha was also a great discovery, which, unfortunately, has been much misunderstood by Western scholars judging by the wrong mercenary translations, rendering these terms as wind, bile, and phlegm. The proper explanation of this theory will take up a treatise by itself, but let me observe here in passing that the word vayu does not imply wind in Ayurvedic literature, but comprehends [encompasses] all the phenomena which come under the functions of the central and sympathetic nervous systems; that the word pitta does not essentially mean bile, but signifies the functions of thermogenesis or heat production and metabolism, comprehending in its scope the process of digestion, coloration of blood [e.g., production of red blood cells], and formation of various secretions and excretions which are either the means or the ends of tissue combustion [catabolism], and that the word kapha does not mean phlegm but is used primarily to imply the function of thermo-taxis or heat regulation and secondarily formation of the various preservative fluids, e.g., mucus, synovia, etc., though the crude products of pitta and kapha have been sometimes called by these names [bile and phlegm, respectively]....
These concerns about translation are comparable to those that arise with the Chinese system, in which, for example, the use of modern names for internal organs seems inappropriate to the depiction of traditional organ systems (e.g., pi translated as spleen, or shen translated as kidney); similarly, the off-hand translation of qi as energy leads to all kinds of misunderstandings, even among practitioners.
Dr. Nadkarni, after further expressing regret that the full theory cannot be expounded for want of space, states the following about the tridosha system:
To be more explicit, I may add that these principles, known as vayu, pitta, and kapha, occur in two forms:
1. An invisible or essential form, which mainly guide the physiological processes pertaining to them naturally;
2. A crude or visible form, the products (as secretions or excretions) of those processes induced by these essential terms.
The relation between the two forms is very close, so that the derangement of the essential form of one principle gives rise at once to increased or morbid secretions and excretions of that principle. The failure to recognize the difference between these two forms of the principles has given rise to the erroneous rendering of pitta as bile and kapha as phlegm. The rendering of vayu as wind is preposterous....
The two forms of the doshas, essential and crude, may be likened (very roughly) to the connection in the Chinese system between an element and its associated manifestation. For example, there are the associations of wood (the underlying element) with wind, liver, and tendon (its manifestations); or of the earth element with dampness, spleen, and muscles, etc. The situation may also be likened to the understanding of the six qi described in Chinese medicine (fire, cold, damp, wind, dryness, and moisture): there is the influence of these factors on the body and there is the corresponding manifestation of disease. Thus, for example, heat (fire) adversely influences the body, and can eventually yield a fire syndrome, which might manifest as fever, inflammation, dark colored discharge, or other characteristics defined by the tradition. The influence is one thing and the syndrome is another thing, but they can be described by the same term (in the example: fire). In a parallel manner, the Ayurvedic system describes an influence-one or more of vayu, pitta, and kapha-and there are the material results of those influences, which might be referred to as humors, secretions, and excretions.
These two-influence and manifestation-are easily confused, and it is seen in the Ayurvedic medical literature that the flow of thought back and forth between these two aspects leads one to easily forget which is the focus of concern. Further, as occurs in both the Chinese and Ayurvedic systems, each of these influences is not solely pathological, despite the frequent reference to their role in pathology. They are pathological when there is an excess or deficiency or some other type of deviation from normal (such as imbalanced level or inappropriate interaction between any two); otherwise, they are essential to life. In fact, in the traditional Ayurvedic system, when vayu, kapha, and pitta are in their normal measure they are called dhatus (supporters of the body), while they are called doshas (faults) if they are producing imbalance. So it is that one can become disoriented by considering a fundamental entity, defined by a single word such as feng (in China) or vayu (in India), as being both essential and pathological, a causative factor and a result, a symbol and a manifestation.
As to the idea that translating vayu as wind is preposterous, one can understand the terminology conundrum by reading the description of this dosha in the primary text on Ayurveda, the Caraka Samhita. On the one hand, vayu is described this way:
When moving in the world in an excited state, without doubt, vayu, and lightning to fall down on the earth. It causes excess of virtues, absence of virtues, and contrariety of virtues in respect of the six seasons. It causes failure of crops. It produces disease and plagues. It destroys many objects.
This description sounds like wind as we all know it, at least as it occurs in hurricanes and tornadoes (it is only so destructive in the "excited state"). When describing vayu as an aspect of the human body, it takes on a different form. Here is the description of its favorable side, when not "excited" (the parenthetical statements being clarifications included by the translators):.
The idea that wind encompasses all the functions of the central nervous system, as Nadkarni has explained in semi-modern terminology to his audience, doesn't seem to fit all that well with the above description. The Caraka Samhita continues:
When excited within the body, vayuaction, cheerlessness, and delusions. It destroys life.
Here, the agitation of mind, injury to senses, and the development of various mental states and delusions that result from agitated wind seems consistent with a role of the central nervous system. Still, the translation term for vayu as wind is probably as good as one can do to capture this diverse traditional concept that clearly go beyond what we know the central nervous system to encompass. The term wind in Chinese medicine is equally problematic; it also has some connections with the central nervous system (wind diseases often involve involuntary muscular conditions and abnormal sensory conditions, which are related to central nervous system activity), perhaps more so than in the Indian system. Vayu, unlike pitta and kapha, has its own chapter in the Caraka Samhita; in fact, it has two full chapters. It is the condition that requires the most explanation, and did so even in ancient times.
The description of pitta as bile is actually the one that goes most against the grain. This translation, first made centuries ago, has its origins in ancient Greek medicine, which influenced European medicine and its terminology until the 19th century. According to the Greek tradition, there were three humors in the body: blood, phlegm, and bile (which could be subdivided into two forms: yellow and black). The term bile was simply carried over to explain the Indian system; in both traditional systems, it was associated with burning sensation and feverish condition, though that is nearly the full extent of the connection. For those who have experience with traditional Chinese medicine, the term "fire" fits better than bile as a description for pitta, and it is sometimes used by writers as a substitute term for bile (as in the current work). In the Ayurvedic system, there is a subdivision of pitta, called agni, which is often translated as digestive fire. Here again, the term fire seems to be acceptable.
Phlegm is the term used for the Chinese concept tan; it works reasonably well in that system if one is willing to expand the definition of phlegm considerably beyond its generally accepted applications in the West. The term phlegm also fits kapha sufficiently to be usable, though it remains far from ideal. So long as one understands that the translation terms are applicable to broad traditional concepts rather than limited modern definitions, one should be able to make use of them in communicating among practitioners, if not in easily describing the system to patients.
The translation problems aside, it is unfortunate that even when time and space permits, the elaboration of the concept of the three doshas does not come out much more clearly, as anyone can realize by reading several Ayurvedic texts. However, that is also the case with some Chinese concepts like qi, which have so many depictions-sometimes contradicting one another-that it is difficult to pin down any particular meaning. One eventually learns how to make clinical use of these terms and the concepts behind them through regular study of the available literature.
To sum up tridosha in a few words, one of the leading Western authorities on Ayurveda, Robert Svoboda, in his book Ayurveda: Life, Health and Longevity, has said this:
The three doshas are invisible forces that can be demonstrated in the body only by inference. Comparisons with the wind, bile, and phlegm of Hippocratic medicine ignore their non-physical character. Wind, bile, phlegm, and other bodily constituents are merely the vehicles of the three doshas, substances that carry these forces and through which display their qualities and perform their actions....The.
The famous Chinese physician Li Gao (Li Dongyuan; 1180-1251 AD) believed that most diseases that arise internally are linked to weakness of the stomach/spleen system. This system, first and foremost, involves the digestive processes. Li's most famous remedy, Ginseng and Astragalus Combination (Buzhong Yiqi Tang) has the property of improving digestive function, enhancing the nutritive status of the body, and treating a wide range of disorders secondary to the lack of adequate qi and blood. Similarly, in the Ayurvedic system, the Caraka states that digestive system problems are the root of disease. Here is a description by Rob Svoboda:
How the doshas affect the body and mind is expressed in a verse from Caraka: 'The balance and aggravation of the doshas is at all times due to the relative strength or weakness of the digestive fire. Therefore, one must always protect the digestive fire, and prohibit all activities which might weaken it.' All diseases are due to angimandya-weakness of the digestive fire [angi = digestive fire, mandya = weakness], with the exception of one condition, in which the fire becomes exceptionally intense. Prajnaparadha [prajna = mental alertness, wisdom; paradha = failing, impairment, violation of] is a sort of weakness of the mental digestion, which is transmitted via various paths to the body.
The body's digestive fire is normal when there is normal desire for food, no discomfort after eating, no belching and no heaviness or other symptoms during digestion; when a sense of well-being and satisfaction occurs [after a meal]; and when all wastes have normal consistency, do not contain undigested food, and are excreted at normal times. The mind's digestive fire should be examined in a similar way, prajnaparadha is clearly indicative of weak mental digestion.
Like all fires, the body's digestive fire changes from moment to moment. It becomes weak as a result of: overuse of cold and liquid substances, especially ice water, especially in winter; overeating or undereating; overconsumption of heavy food, such as meat; eating before the previous meal has been digested; improper food combining; restraint of natural reflex urges, which cause vata to move in improper directions; disturbances of sleep; consumption of food to which one is not habituated; consumption of food at the wrong time (according to the seasons, the climate, one's age and health, and so on); overactivity (especially sexual) or underactivity; and mental causes, especially envy, fear, anger, greed, anguish, wretchedness, misery, and sorrow.
Students of Chinese medicine will recognize immediately most of the prohibitions and cautions, such as concerns about cold (weakening spleen and kidney yang), too much liquid (causing spleen dampness), excessive sexual activity (depleting essence), and the role of the emotions in causing disease. In the Ayurvedic system there may be even more emphasis than in the Chinese system on the importance of food in attaining and maintaining health. There is also the concern about restraint of natural urges, which coincides with or contradicts Taoist approaches, depending on the author of the Taoist instructions and the particular urge under consideration.
An immediate adverse result of such factors as digestive fire weakness, dietary improprieties, and the other things that affect food digestion (such as emotions, type of food, amount eaten), is the production of ama. This term refers to something that is incomplete, unprocessed, raw. The implication is that incompletely digested food materials can pass out of the digestive system and travel through the body, causing all kinds of diseases. The Chinese tradition has a similar concept: undigested food produces a pathological phlegm that can cause many diseases, including cardiovascular blockage, mental derangement (from "phlegm-mist" blocking the orifices), and joint pain, to mention a few. Indeed, Chinese writers have suggested that when there are strange, difficult to diagnose, or difficult to treat diseases, it is a sign that pathological phlegm is involved. Another formula developed by Li Gao, Pinellia and Gastrodia Combination (Banxia Baizhu Tianma Tang), is specifically aimed at treating the results of phlegm accumulation from undigested food. It is indicated for recurrent headaches and vertigo, compulsive sleeping after eating, weakness of hands and feet, hypertension associated with gastrointestinal weakness, headache and vertigo due to hypotension, abdominal distention, gastroptosis, sinusitis, cold hands and feet, heavy feeling in the legs, anemia, and fatigue. The formula is comprised primarily of digestive aids and tonics for the spleen.
In the Chinese system, properly digested food produces normal qi and blood that promotes health; in the Ayurvedic system, it produces rasa, which has the same function, helping to form healthy blood. The improperly digested food produces pathological phlegm (kapha) and accumulated mass (ama) that is a source of disease.
A number of spicy herbs, such as ginger, cardamom, atractylodes, citrus, pogostemon, and raphanus are used by Chinese physicians to enliven the stomach function, promote complete digestion of food, and alleviate food stagnation. To an even greater extent, the Indian system relies on spicy herbs, including a variety of peppers (especially long pepper and black pepper), cumins, asafoetida, basil, and turmeric to stimulate the digestive fire, calm the overproduction and agitation of kapha, and prevent the accumulation of ama. In the Chinese system, but not in the Ayurvedic system, sweet herbs, such as ginseng, astragalus, jujube, maltose, and licorice, are utilized to benefit the functions of the spleen, which represents an important aspect of the digestive system. Indeed, as an indicator of divergence between the Chinese and Ayurvedic herb approaches to this problem, in Ayurvedic formulas, one Indian herb, ashwaganda, commonly takes the place of all of these sweet Chinese herbs, yet it has a bitter quality rather than being sweet. Investigating the overlap and divergence between herb selection and treatment strategies for these two systems can inspire practitioners to broaden their understanding of traditional medical principles and also help to alert them to the exceptions to the seemingly solid rules that are laid down in the ancient texts.
While some diseases are of short duration and mainly affect one part of the body, others progress to affect additional parts of the body and can eventually engulf the entire organism. In early Chinese texts, especially the Neijing and the Shanghan Lun, very detailed accounts of disease progression are given. The concept of six disease stages (taiyang, shaoyang, yangming, taiyin, shaoyin, and jueyin) is associated with the impact of cold pathogenic factors. This classification was later joined by four disease stages (wei, qi, ying, xue) associated with hot pathogenic factors. The idea of disease stages has directed the Chinese thinking about diagnosing and treating diseases with herbs.
In the Ayurvedic system, the concept of disease progression is somewhat different. As described by Rob Svoboda: "Weakness of the digestive fire is the root cause of all diseases, vata is the chief cause of the development of all diseases, and ama is the principal nourisher of disease." The primary stages are accumulation, aggravation, and overflow:
Accumulation: As a result of exposure to causative factors, one or more of the doshas accumulates in its seat: kapha in the stomach, pitta in the small intestine, and vata in the colon. Each produces its own characteristic symptoms: doshas are easiest to remove from the system at this stage.
Aggravation: In this stage, which literally means rage, the doshas continue to increase and put pressure on their reservoirs, intensifying the symptoms they have produced. It is still fairly easy to remove the doshas even at this stage, but while treating them, their reservoir organs, which have been stressed by their ire, need also to be strengthened. The doshas do not always accumulate before they become enraged; if the causes are strong enough, aggravation may occur directly.
Overflow: If aggravation is permitted to proceed unchecked, the doshas escape their homes, wandering about the body like vagabonds, searching for a place to camp. All the previous symptoms worsen, and kapha may produce vomiting, pitta may produce diarrhea, and vata may produce colicky pain in the colon and painful defecation, with the liberation of copious quantities of gas. Overflow can also occur without previous accumulation or aggravation of the doshas in their reservoir organs if they are displaced by the force of aggravated vata, which may be directly disturbed by exposure to strong imbalancing causes, such as excessive desire (especially sexual), sleeplessness, excessive talking and activity (especially on an empty stomach), sudden vomiting or diarrhea (particularly if self-induced), intense joy or sadness, and the restraint of any of the natural reflex urges.
Following these initial stages, if the disease is not properly treated, the doshas will find a location where they can concentrate themselves, and will then begin to transform the normal body functions and structures into a seriously diseased condition. The disease will then manifest the specific symptoms according to: the constitution of the individual; the way the disease progressed; and any factors that currently influence the body or mind. Localization, manifestation, and specialization of the disease process are the final three stages in the Ayurvedic system of six disease stages.
For the herbalist, perhaps the important thing to know about the herbs and the doshas (or the physical manifestations of the doshas) is that vata is cold and dry in nature, kapha is cold and moist in nature, and pitta is hot and moist in nature. By analyzing the symptoms and constitution of the patient, one determines the prevalence of each of the physical manifestations of the doshas (and the degree of influence exerted by the non-material aspects of each of the doshas), and selects herbs or prepared herbal formulas to harmonize the influences and correct the physical imbalances, based on the characteristics of the herbal materials.
So long as one is careful not to rigidly link Indian and Chinese traditional ideas, it is possible to make reasonable comparisons of the properties of herbs and their therapeutic actions. For example, rather than describing excess and deficiency conditions, as done in the Chinese system, the Ayurvedic system tends to depict, on the one hand, excitation or disturbance ("vitiation"), and, on the other hand, what might be termed sluggishness of the doshas. Still, these imbalances correspond, in practice, with the Chinese excess and deficiency concepts. These linkages are roughly as follows:
Overall, pitta and vata are especially distinguished in the Indian system by the hot versus cold properties. Vata and kapha are distinguished in the Indian system primarily by the dry versus moist properties.
An example of an herb used essentially the same way in the two traditional medical systems is asafoetida. The strongly fragrant spice is considered in both systems to be very warming (China: chill-dispelling; India: increases pitta), and to resolve accumulation of stagnated fluids (China: dispels moisture and phlegm; India: releases kapha). These similarities in application are found in many of the spicy, warm herbs that promote digestive functions.
Asparagus root is an example of an herb that is described in similar ways but used differently in the two systems. It is relied upon in the Chinese tradition to nourish yin and clear heat. The Indian description corresponds well: it is used to increase kapha (moist, cool) and reduce pitta (hot). However, in India, asparagus is frequently used as an aphrodisiac, and said to invigorate vata, but it is not reported to have such effects in the Chinese system. Indeed, in the Indian Materia Medica, herbalists are reminded to distinguish the white and black types of musli, one being a variety of asparagus (safed musli) and the other being curculigo (kali musli), both used as aphrodisiacs and considered similar in nature. In the Chinese systems, these two herbs would be contrasted: asparagus for nourishing yin and cooling heat and curculigo for invigorating yang and dispelling cold. The difference between the Ayurvedic and Chinese analysis of asparagus is based on the somewhat unique concept of vata, which is invigorating yet cold.
A therapeutic approach that has become very important in the practice of modern Chinese medicine, vitalizing blood circulation, was first promoted heavily by Wang Qingren, in the early part of the 19th century. While the concept of treating disease by getting rid of blood stasis and promoting circulation was present earlier in the Chinese medical system, it was not particularly emphasized other than for treatment of injuries (including the result of difficult childbirth). During the Jin-Yuan period, when there were four competing schools of thought about the main causes of disease and corresponding methods of treatment, the problems addressed were stomach/spleen deficiency (Li Gao's approach, as mentioned above), yin deficiency, yang deficiency, and fire excess; blood stasis was not among the concerns. Treatment of blood stasis has become a central feature of much of the Chinese herbal research and clinical applications related to chronic disease.
In the practice of Ayurveda, stimulation of blood circulation and treatment of "static blood" does not show up as a major concern of internal medicine, though the ubiquitous massage therapy has the effect of invigorating blood circulation. Unlike the Chinese system, reform work was not carried out in the Ayurvedic field, so the shift seen in the Chinese system to address blood stasis is still not a central concern in the Ayurvedic system. Nonetheless, some of the traditional Ayurvedic herbs that are widely used, such as arjun, myrrh, and turmeric, are categorized by the Chinese as blood-vitalizing herbs and contribute this effect incidentally to what is traditionally described in the medical system.
One of the dominant descriptions of herb properties in both the Chinese and Ayurvedic systems is based on the taste of the herbs. The taste groups are similar in the Ayurvedic and Chinese systems:
Ayurvedic: sweet, sour, salty, pungent (acrid), bitter, and astringent
Chinese: sweet, sour, salty, pungent (acrid), bitter, and bland
The difference is that the Ayurvedic system has shown no interest in bland-tasting herbs, which was a category developed in the Chinese system centuries after the initial five tastes had been the standard, but Ayurvedic medicine has a strong interest in the astringent taste. In Chinese herbal medicine, there is a small group of astringent herbs listed, but their tastes are described as sour or bitter, rarely as astringent. In fact, for most of the practice of Chinese medicine, only two of the astringent herbs are repeatedly used, schizandra and cornus, both being very sour (contributing an astringent action via the puckery sour quality). Only in the case of diarrhea do the Chinese rely on such highly astringent tasting herbs as pomegranate rind (adopted from Indian practice via Sumatra), and this herb is mentioned in Oriental Materia Medica as having an astringent taste.
According to the Ayurvedic approach, the tastes contribute the following effects to herbs:
In order to influence the doshas, one usually combines certain tastes together within a formula, as follows:
Thus, for example, if a patient has agitation of vata, and insufficiency of the kapha and pitta, involving a weak digestive function and stiffness of the joints, the herbalist would combine (or select a formula containing) sweet, sour, and salty agents, with a small amount of pungent taste. Taste is only one of the qualities that herbalists in India rely upon (other qualities include cooling or heating, heavy or light); however, aside from the individual properties and traditional indications of herbs, this aspect is probably the most important.
There are differing opinions about the action of each of the herbs on the doshas. For many herbs, the doshic effects are not formally recorded and can only be implied by an interpretation of the tastes and the symptomatic effects of the herbs. Also, there is some diversity in translating to English the two basic actions of herbs on the doshas: haram (interpreted as reducing, calming, removing, etc.) and karam (interpreted as supporting, supplementing, increasing, etc.). For the presentation here, the following terms for the influence of herbs on the doshas have been selected to have a positive connotation (consistent with the favorable action of the herbs) and to fit the differing characteristics of the individual doshas:
In addition, it may be stated that an herb balances two doshas, or all three doshas. Balancing refers to coordination of their functions so as to produce a healthier condition, or reducing one and increasing another to attain the desired levels. For many herbs, the action on the doshas is not mentioned in their description, possibly because it is not thought that the action of the herb on the doshas is a significant factor in determining how it will be used.
In both the Indian and Chinese traditions, one can describe three basic phases in the historical development of understanding of how herbs contribute to human health. First, there is the ancient period in which herbs have symbolic significance as well as specific therapeutic attributes. The therapeutic attributes were based on observation of nature and interpretation of those observations in terms of relatively simple systems of categorization. This ancient period extended until the development of the investigative techniques associated with modern science. The next period was that of early science, which affected India and China, as well as most of the rest of the world, during the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century. During this period crude analysis of herbs could be carried out, the idea of reporting specific medical cases or collecting many case histories of similar nature arose, and herbal medicines were described in terms of botanical names, constituents, and reported use for diseases defined by modern medicine. The third period, which we are now working within, involves the development of advanced scientific analysis, with the ability to find individual chemical constituents, test them in controlled laboratory experiments, and then attempt the difficult task of validating traditional claims by clinical trials.
In the context of this book, in which traditional medicine is the primary focus, the ancient views are of particular interest. The book Garden of Life (by Naveen Patnaik; 1993 Aquarian Books, New Delhi and London), offers some insights into the traditional concepts and the development of the key Indian herbs as foods, spices, and/or medicines. Here are some quotations for selected herbs:
Ayurvedic herbs are often prescribed in combinations, typically involving 2-8 herbs, though numerous very large formulas are recorded in the ancient texts. Rejuvenating preparations are called rasayanas, corresponding, roughly, to the Chinese concept of restorative formulas that nourish the kidney and liver, replenish the yin, blood, and essence, and tonify the qi. For example, here is the way in which the myrobalans fruits are prescribed as rasayanas in Caraka Samhita:
After the food from the previous meal is completely digested, take one fruit of chebulic myrobalan; before the next meal take two fruits of beleric myrobalan; and just after meals four fruits of emblic myrobalan. All these fruits should be taken with honey or ghee. The rasayana of the three myrobalans (triphala) should be taken for a whole year....Another preparation of triphala rasayana is as follows: take a thin new iron leaf and keep it laved with the paste of the three myrobalans for a whole day and night. Take out the paste the next day and use it with honey and water. When the medicine is digested, one should take such food as is mixed with copious quantity of ghee and milk. From the use of this rasayana for a full year, one becomes free from decrepitude and disease and lives for a hundred years. Another preparation of triphala rasayana is as follows: the three myrobalans should be used with licorice powder or with bamboo manna reduced to powder, or with powder of long pepper, or with honey and ghee, or with sugar [other additions are gold, acorus, rock salt]....If used for a full year, any of these rasayanas would sharpen the understanding and the memory, and infuse strength. It would impart longevity. It is deserving of high praise.
The references to use of honey and ghee have parallels with the Chinese system of formulation. Jujube fruits and honey were long used in the Chinese system as the sticky substrate to produce pills and are credited, along with the tea ingredient maltose (sugar derived from barley grain), with the property of benefiting the digestion as well as making the medicine easier to take. Where the Indians use ghee (clarified butter made by heating it and removing the foam that forms on top and the sediment that settles to the bottom), the Chinese used rice porridge. Both have mucilaginous, protective, and therapy-enhancing effects. The Indian use of ghee may have become standard because this substance is especially protective for the stomach and intestines against the spicy effect of the herbs that are frequently relied on to strengthen the digestive fire. Additionally, the Ayurvedic system strongly emphasizes use of oils: for massage, in enemas, to irrigate the sinuses, and to be consumed in the diet as a means of healing, especially for calming vata (as Svoboda stated: vata is the chief cause of the development of all diseases). The Chinese describe the use of porridge both to protect the stomach against the cold action of certain herb and mineral drugs and also as a means of enhancing the production of qi by the stomach. As mentioned earlier, the Chinese system is particularly partial to sweet-tasting substances (which includes the grains), as a way of tonifying the body. A well-nourished body is able to fend off external wind and also prevent the development of internal wind. In the Ayurvedic system, a well-oiled body is able to accomplish the same.
In modern practice of Ayurvedic medicine, herbs are prepared in tablets or capsules and neither honey nor ghee is usually included. Persons who have sensitive digestive systems might consider consuming a small amount of one or both of these substances, or others that have similar qualities (e.g., milk, yogurt; preferably warmed to room temperature) when utilizing spicy combinations, such as those aimed at invigorating the digestive fire and reducing accumulation of phlegm. As indicated above in the description of a rasayana, even the non-spicy myrobalans fruits were said to be improved by adding honey or ghee. For those who wish to follow this tradition, the method is to use about 1/3 teaspoon of one of these substances with each dose of the modern tableted or encapsulated formulas, such as the famous Triphala. When taken three times daily, the total amount of honey or ghee is one teaspoon, or about 3 grams, a small amount (for those concerned about sugar or fat content). In the Indian texts, taking rice along with herbs is also mentioned; often, the rice is mixed with milk, honey or sugar, and ghee (ordinary butter can be used instead of ghee, which has a much longer shelf life and can be preserved at room temperature). In our own culture, where there is such an excess of sugars and fats, it may seem odd to recommend these things medicinally, but the recommended accompanying diet is dominated by lentils and vegetables, making simple sugars, butter, and milk or yoghurt a welcome addition that has no adverse effects in moderation.
During the past twenty-five years, numerous schools of Chinese medicine have opened in the West, and there has been a vast movement to get this type of medical therapy accepted. Currently, in the U.S., 36 states license, certify, or at least formally allow the practice of acupuncturists as health professionals. Three things made this development possible:
These circumstances have not arisen with Ayurvedic medicine. Although Ayurvedic dietary principles are easily taught through books and classes, these are not interpreted as a medical practice by other medical professions. The main part of Ayurvedic medical practice that is recognized as a medical intervention is herbal prescribing. Herbs are an internal medicine that corresponds somewhat closely to the use of drugs. In fact, most practitioners of herbal medicine, as a means of conveying that their herbs are likely to work, point to the fact that a large percentage of modern drugs are either derived from herbs directly or are synthetic versions of drugs that were originally derived from herbs. Therefore, bringing herbal prescribing to the West as a primary practice, as would be necessary for the Ayurvedic system encounters significant difficulties. There is considerable resistance to it from medical authorities. Acupuncturists added herbal prescribing as a secondary practice after a certain acceptance of acupuncture was already in place.
Although there are a large number of people from India in the U.S., there are no large Indian communities like those found in the Chinatowns. Therefore, there aren't the communities for traditional Ayurvedic doctors to work in. The government of India has shown no interest in promoting the sales of Ayurvedic medicines abroad nor in having foreigners come to India to study Ayurvedic medicine (sufficient numbers of foreigners come to India for other aspects of their culture, but the main Ayurvedic colleges, which are government sponsored, are basically off-limits to foreigners). Increasingly, plants collected for making Ayurvedic medicines are becoming endangered through over collection with lack of adequate cultivation, especially in the mountainous regions.
As a result of these various circumstances, there are very few teachers of Ayurvedic medicine in the U.S., no formal licensing of Ayurvedic practitioners, and only a few small schools that teach this medical tradition (the main one is Dr. Vasant Lad's school in New Mexico). The herbs are imported in relatively small quantities (compared to the amounts of Chinese herbs that are imported) by a few companies, which either market to a small group of health professionals (mainly naturopathic physicians) or direct to the public or both.
Examples of Herbs Used in Both Ayurvedic and Chinese Medicine
TERMS USED TO DESCRIBE THE ACTION OF HERBS
<|endofexample|>
Product 2/9
The third album in a series of ambient music releases by Ingo Ito. The music in this series is conceived for contemplation and meditation or simply for creating an athmosphere of ambient well-being. The predefined duration of 15 minutes per track allows the listener to accompany, for example, his fixed lessons of Tai Chi or Yoga.Each Zen Hanami album of the 'Volume' series is based on a specific theme: Volume 3 takes the listener on a journey through a moonlit night - full of atmospheric sounds and unknown spheres.Released 02.12.2008. Download as .zip file (MP3 160 MB/FLAC 198 MB) with all separate tracks and printable CD sleeve (PDF) included.
All tracks of this album are also available as single MP3 downloads in the Songs section.
<|endofexample|>
...To Provide Complete And Transparent Spam And Phishing Protection
Santa Clara, CA September 19, 2005 -- Mailshell, the leading OEM provider of anti-spammer and anti-phisher engines, announced today that ZyXEL Communications (TSE?), the world's leading broadband access solutions provider and the world's largest DSL router provider, has integrated Mailshell's SpamCompiler technology into its new 8-in-1 ZyWALL unified threat management (UTM). Mailshell's SpamCompiler SDK Lite is the first low-memory anti-spammer and anti-phisher engine and helps ZyWALL UTM offer accurate and reliable spam filtering. More than 6,000 companies and 10 million consumers already rely on 'Powered by Mailshell' products.
By integrating Mailshell's SpamCompiler engine, the 8-in-1 ZyWALL UTM optimizes, compiles and executes more than one million filter checks in a fraction of a second to determine if a message is spam or not. By combining a fast, compact, flexible, complete decision tree with an automatically self-tuning intelligent engine that is updated up to every five minutes, Mailshell's engine consistently generates highly accurate results in recognizing spam, phishing and other forms of email fraud.
"Spam has become one of the most challenging issues faced by today's IT staffs, as these mails bring down network resources and employee productivity," said Kerming Chen, VP of SMB & Consumer Business Unit at ZyXEL. "Mailshell's solutions are accurate, scalable, and easy to integrate into our ZyWALL UTM products, helping businesses to maximize their bandwidth resources and employee productivity."
"Through our scale, experience and focus as an anti-spam technology provider, we can provide our partners a high quality, feature-rich solution at competitive cost and with a short time-to-market," said Tonny Yu, CEO of Mailshell. "Partners can embed anti-spam into their products to generate new incremental subscription-based revenue and to compete with hosted spam filtering services."
"Our SDK combines increased flexibility, speed, and transparency compared to managed spam services," added Yu. "Since customers don't need to make changes to their domain records or other essential details of email flow the SDK is also easier to setup and ensures that sensitive email never leaves the customer's servers or gets routed to a third party."
About Mailshell SpamCompiler SDK
The SDK Lite boasts the same award-winning accuracy as the flagship Mailshell SDK. The primary differences between the two are memory size and speed. The SpamCompiler SDK Lite requires only 32KB of code on the device, and can be embedded into any product including mobile devices, wireless access points, desktop routers, firewalls, modems, and other low memory devices.. Mailshell's flagship SDK is available in a range of operating systems including Linux, Windows, Solaris (Sparc and Intel), FreeBSD, HP-UX, AIX and Mac OS X.
About ZyXEL Communications
ZyXEL Communications Corp. (TSE: 2391), located in Hsinchu, Taiwan, is the world's largest DSL router provider (Gartner, August 2005). Mailshell
Mailshell's software helps its OEM partners, including Computer Associates,: .
<|endofexample|>
The American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) began as a men's collegiate hockey league in 1992, and quickly grew to a league of over 150 teams in three men's divisions. The Women's Division was added in 2000, and currently boasts four division with over 300 teams from across the nation.The purpose of the ACHA is to support quality, unity and regulation of four-year in Naples, Florida.The American Collegiate Hockey Association is a chartered non-profit corporation. It is classified as a 501(c)(3) organization with the Internal Revenue Service.Much of this information came from the ACHA Policy
Manual.
From the ACHA Policies and Procedures Manual:I. STATEMENT OF PURPOSEThe American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) is an organization of College/University affiliate programs which provides structure, regulates operations and promotes the quality of collegiate ice hockey.II. MISSION STATEMENTThe ACHA's primary mission is to support the growth of four-year.
<|endofexample|>
Police: The search for missing April remains intenseby Emily Morgan: ITV News Correspondent
Superintendent Ian John, of Dyfed Powys Police, has confirmed the high numbers of police searching for April Jones will remain over the weekend. He said searching will move away from the town of Machynlleth and spread to surrounding areas.
They are covering 60 square kilometres of ground and using Coastguard, RAF and specialist police units.
Supt John went on to say April Jones' parents have been incredibly brave. They visited the police base yesterday to thank staff and the community. He added that he wasn't surprised they visited his teams and they were coping as well as you would expect.
The search, he said, is constantly under review but right now it remains as intense as it has been all week. Because of this, he is certain they will find April at some point.
<|endofexample|>
This page location is:
ITVT
Englisch
Ethics
Start
|
Legal notice
|
Branches
Dynamics CRM
Infrastructure
References
Career
Our vision
Ethics
Currently selected
Page Image
Image Caption
Ethical objectives
Our ethical objectives are loyalty, respect for fellow men, transparency and refusal of corruption and unfair competition.
Loyalty
Loyalty means mutual trust. ITVT pursues numerous common goals with their customers, employees and distributors.
This happens on the foundation of mutual trust. Trust enhances fair and loyal relations between the stakeholders and this loyalty is one of the fundamentals of our company and our business activities.
Respect for fellow men
The people form the foundation of ITVT. Our company is committed to provide the same possibilities to all equally qualified employees independently of their origin, their belief, their views, their gender, lifestyle or their age. Because respect is inseparably connected with our duty to better living conditions the focus of our company lies especially on the dignity of mankind.
Life in the society always means that every individual, regardless of his relation to us, deserves our respect.
Transparency
For ITVT transparency is more than just a right for usable information: Transparency is a consistent attitude.
We ensure that every employee is informed about his goals, rights and duties as well as important news and events in our company in a clear and comprehensive manner. We expect our employees to work with totally transparent information. We deliver high quality products and services to our costumers and we always try to provide an additional benefit. We offer clear and comprehensive c
ontracts to our distributors and demand the compliance with our ethical objectives.
Sustainability
For ITVT acting responsible first of all means dealing carefully with our resources and thereby treating
environment and climate respectfully. This is why our actions are guided by the thought of sustainability and the principle of energy efficiency. We focus on the environmentally sound use of modern photovoltaic cells in our headquarters, company apartments and our high security facilities.
ITVT will reduce the CO2 emission by launching the photovoltaic construction on top of the ITVT headquarters in the following 20 years (amortization phase) by approx. 500 tons. At the same time 13 households in Höfingen (3.500 KWh per household and year) could be provided with energy completely.
Furthermore a combined heat and power plant has been installed in our headquarters. The company saves more than 7.000 Euro per year on energy costs and provides once again an additional contribution to active environmental conservation.
Refusal of corruption and unfair competition
We outlaw any practices that are not based on trust, integrity and fairness in our international business activities. Corruption and unfair competition don’t add to the creation and the upholding of a long lasting harmonic partnership. All our partners are aware of this principle and are called to distance themselves from any such schemes.
<|endofexample|>
February 09, 2013, 7:05 AM —.
Specifically, the company just unveiled a collection of Office 2013 Quick Start Guides, printable sheets packed with tips, shortcuts, screenshots, and other useful suite stuff.
[ FREE DOWNLOAD: Windows 8 Deep Dive Report | Windows 8: The 10 biggest problems so far ].
<|endofexample|>
Organizations will be trained to incorporate gender in energy policies
17 February 2013 | Article
From 4th to 7th March the Global Gender Office of the International for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) will be developing the Regional Workshop on Gender and Power in Central America. The meeting also involved organizations from Cuba. This effort is conducted jointly with the International Organization ENERGIA and the Latin American Energy Organization (OLADE by its Spanish acronym). The event is funded by HIVOS Dutch cooperation.
The activity will take place in Costa Rica and aims to bring together several social stakeholders and representatives of governmental organizations able to influence the energy agenda in Central America.
In Central America, most of the initiatives and processes on reforms to the energy sector have not taken into account gender variables. Unfortunately those cases were gender issues has been addressed, it has been limited to improvements in the "kitchen space" by promoting efficient stoves in the field.
Important issues such as the value of the energy for the generation of economic activities and the different needs of men and women in access to and use of energy services, or the relationship between environmental protection and energy livelihoods have not been part of the lines of discussion in the agendas of political decision makers.
On the other hand, critical issues for developing countries such as poverty, food security and inequity, coupled with lack of access to energy services affects differently men and women. The negative effects of energy shortages and environmental problems are most critical to poor communities and people who depend most directly on natural resources. It is therefore necessary to consider the relationship between gender equality, poverty alleviation, environmental degradation and sustainable development in policy discussions and national energy plans.
The contribution of this workshop is to convene such civil society organizations and representatives of government agencies to enable them to develop or influence on the national and regional energy policies. In turn, they seek to build national networks of gender and energy which Hivos funded and supported by the IUCN manage to develop and implement an advocacy agenda with actions to ensure the inclusion of gender mainstreaming in both regional and national policies and action plans.
By this effort the meeting is expected to be the initial step in creating a network of organizations by country to develop and implement a map of actions to ensure the inclusion of gender mainstreaming in energy policy.
The workshop will open a space for analysis on the relationship between gender and energy. The workshop will involve organizations from Nicaragua, Guatemala, El Salvador, Cuba, Costa Rica and Honduras.
<|endofexample|>
Vol.
25 No. 6
November-December 2003
Solubility Equilibria—in Honor of Heinz Gamsjäger
Monatshefte für Chemie/Chemical Monthly
Vol 134, No. 5, pp. 619–790, 2003
To honor Professor Heinz Gamsjäger, chairman of the IUPAC Subcommittee on Solubility and Equilibrium Data (SSED), on the occasion of his seventieth birthday, Monatshefte für Chemie/Chemical Monthly published a special issue on “Solubility Equilibria,” edited by Erich Königsberger. The authors of the contributions to this special issue have served for many years on the IUPAC Commission on Solubility Data (now SSED) and edited and contributed to numerous volumes of the IUPAC-NIST Solubility Data Series (SDS).
In the preface to the special issue, Mark Salomon, editor in chief of SDS, gives an overview of Heinz Gamsjäger’s scientific career from 1956, when he was awarded an M.Sc. degree (Dipl.-Ing. Technical Chemistry) by the Technical University Graz, until the present as an emeritus professor of physical chemistry at the University of Leoben, Austria, and chairman of SSED.
Gamsjäger was never one to rest; he was a visiting professor at many foreign universities, and in 1981 he was also an advisor to the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science Fellowship for Research in Japan. He has served on the editorial board of Monatshefte für Chemie/Chemical Monthly since 1998, and on the editorial board of the IUPAC-NIST Solubility Data Series since 1994. Gamsjäger has also been a major driving force in the IUPAC Solubility Data Project since 1990 serving as Secretary of IUPAC Commission V.8 on Solubility Data from 1994 to 2000, and as Chairman of SSED from 2001 to the present. In his capacity as a member of IUPAC Commission and SSED, Gamsjäger has provided guidance, kind criticism, and friendship to his colleagues on SSED and has been instrumental in coordinating the efforts of over 100 distinguished scientists worldwide who are active in the work of SSED.
The papers published in this special issue of Monatshefte represent contributions from Professor Gamsjäger’s close friends and colleagues on SSED. The scope and creativity of these contributions are a tribute to his influence and interaction with his colleagues. The scientific topics cover a variety of solubility phenomena, including general aspects of gas-liquid solubilities (P. G. T. Fogg), gas-liquid and liquid-liquid solubilities of chloromethanes in water (H. L. Clever), and mutual water-hydrocarbon solubilities (A. Maczynski et al.). Solid-liquid solubility studies include double salt formation in ternary transition metal-alkali metal halide systems (Chr. Balarew and S. Tepavitcharova), solubilities in ternary aqueous systems involving Cu(II) (L. V. Chernykh et al.) and magnesium salts (F. Bousmina et al.), the crystallisation and phase stability of calcium sulfate based salts (D. Freyer and W. Voigt), and a new evaluation of the solubility constants of the three calcium carbonate polymorphs (A. De Visscher and J. Vanderdeelen). Other reviews deal with solubilities in mixed solvents of silver halides (W. E. Waghorne) and alkali metal fluorides (G. Senanayake and G. Hefter) and with solubility phenomena in ternary water-salt systems under sub- and supercritical conditions (V. Valyashko and M. Urusova). Solid-liquid solubilities also extend to lanthanide chlorides in molten alkali metal chlorides (M. Gaune-Escard and L. Rycerz), environmental aspects of Pb(II) arsenate stabilities (M. C. F. Magalhães and M. C. M. Silva), and an application of solubility measurements to medicine (G. Sadovska et al.).
<|endofexample|>
United Kingdom
I'm not a great one for history. I'm not a great one for the whole 'spa experience' thing. And I baulked at the £12 admission. But my fiancee wanted to have a look round and we'd got a discount ticket as part of the city bus tour. Having done the tour, I would have gladly handed over double the admission for the enormous privilege of viewing what the curators of this truly marvelous exhibit have thus far unearthed. The experience was immeasurably beyond my expectations. We spent an absorbing three hours looking around the fabulously presented ancient Roman baths. Technical wizardry allows you to see the ruins as they really were, projected right onto the remains as they are now; complete with spectral, be-toga'd Romans wandering about the place taking the waters. The museum side of things is like none I've been to before and recorded tour guides are available pitched at brainy history-fanatical adults, less demanding but keen to know adults, and children alike. A revelatory visit, and one which I have already recommended to friends and family, and await a return visit myself, with eager anticipation. An absolute joy! Go there now, and don't forget to taste the sulphurous waters themselves on the way out through the Pump House!
The Roman Baths, Stall Street, Bath
BA1 1LZ
+44 (0)1225 477785
Google map: bit.ly/hAfuFs
Walking around the city of Bath is a pleasure for the sight. The only World Heritage city in the UK, the architecture and the beautiful surroundings are one of a kind. And if architecture is what you're craving, don't miss the Royal Crescent or (more importantly) the Abbey. Lose yourself in the awe of its Perpendicular Gothic style and bathe in the colored light of the impressive stained-glass windows. If you're lucky, you can attend the choir's rehearsal. Heavenly music for a heavenly place (and I'm agnostic).
Nearby you will find the Roman Baths. Worth a visit, one of the best museums I've ever seen. But if bathing is what you want, then go to the Spa. A bit too expensive for the amount of services you can get, but you'll gain access to the impressive rooftop pool. Be sure to go at night and enjoy the breathtaking views of Bath, the illuminated Abbey, the moon shining upon you and the cold rain falling on your head while your body stays comfortably warm in the water.
If you're up for it, you can catch a bus to Stonehenge near the Abbey and Puteney Bridge (check that out as well). Now, as much as I'm fascinated by the history and the mistery behind this Neolithic monument, the visit there is not pleasant. The place is cold and chilly and the only thing to do is walk around the stones at a distance while listening to an audio-guide. What makes this visit particularly unenjoyable is the fact that such an important monument is placed right next to a couple of roads. The brochure promises that plans are being made to divert the road and solve the problem. I really hope they do, for the sake of future visitors. After grabbing a hot chocolate from the coffee shop, the bus takes you back to good ol' Bath in an hour. Enjoy the beautiful views of the countryside in the meantime.
Get lost in the streets of Bath, admire the century-old buildings around you and have a cup of tea inside St Michael's church while the organist is rehearsing. This lovely little city will leave an impression on you that time won't be able to fade.
visitbath.co.uk/
Google map: tinyurl.com/ydwvaou
One of the city's oldest restaurants enthusiastically recommended by the owner of the guesthouse we stayed at. What a treat! A beautiful Georgian townhouse with a wonderful ambience. The food is modern British and delicious. All the food is freshly prepared and locally sourced and the waiting staff are gracious and knowledgeable. They told us all the best places to visit and where we could buy some of the cheeses from their magnificent cheese board.
We loved this special place.
16 George Street, Bath, BA1 2EN
01225 425 242
Google map: tinyurl.com/ya5f66b
There's plenty to keep you occupied on a day trip to Bath. You might well take in a visit to the Assembly Rooms and its Museum of Costume. But if your visit coincides with certain Sunday afternoons, you have the opportunity be the most atmospheric dance venue in England. The next dances are on 13th September and 11th October.
The Assembly Rooms, Bennett Street, Bath
Send your feedback or queries to been.there@guardian.co.uk
Search Been there
<|endofexample|>
All Six Teams are Represented in the 2012 NCAA Division I Wrestling Championships
INDIANAPOLIS -- All six Ivy League teams will be represented by a combined 26 wrestlers in the 2012 NCAA Division I Wrestling Championships, which will take place on March 15-17 in the Scottrade Center in St. Louis.
Cornell, which has placed second in the past two NCAA Championships, matched its program-record with nine wrestlers going to Nationals, previously accomplished four times (1964, 2005, 2009 and 2011). The Big Red is coming off winning its sixth-straight EIWA Championship.
Big Red senior Frank Perrelli (125), sophomores Nick Arujau (133), Mike Nevinger (141), Chris Villalonga (149) and Marshall Peppelman (165), junior Kyle Dake (157) and seniors Steve Bosak (184) and Cam Simaz (197) clinched berths to Nationals during the EIWA Championships on March 4-5. Senior Maciej Jochym (285) earned an at-large bid after placing fifth in the EIWAs. Simaz and Dake both earned the top seeds at their respective weight classes.
Five Quakers will compete in the tournament in senior Bryan Ortenzio (133), senior Zack Kemmerer (141), freshman Steve Robertson (149), senior Erich Smith (184) and junior Micah Burak (197).
Harvard will be sending four qualifiers to Nationals for the first time since 2007. Senior Corey Jantzen (149) and juniors Walter Peppelman (157) and Steven Keith (133) placed in the EIWA Championships to qualify. They will be joined by freshman James Fox (197), who earned an at-large bid.
Columbia sent three to the NCAAs in juniors Steve Santos (149) and Jake O'Hara (157), as well as senior Kevin Lester (285). For Lester, it marks his second-straight bid to the Tournament.
Princeton saw junior Garrett Frey finish second in the EIWA Championships at 125 and senior Daniel Kolodzik place fourth at 157 to earn trips to St. Louis. Sophomore Adam Krop defaulted out of the EIWAs due to injury but earned an at-large bid to Nationals thanks to his 30 wins this season
Brown senior Dave Foxen became the EIWA's first unseeded winner at 174 since 1963 to qualify for Nationals. He will be joined there by freshman Ophir Bernstein, who placed fourth at 184.
<|endofexample|>
MOUNT PLEASANT – A total of eight former Iowa Wesleyan College football coaches and players are playing key roles for teams playing in college football bowl games this holiday season.
The Burlington Hawk Eye newspaper will be profiling all eight former Tiger players and coaches in a series of articles in the newspaper over the bowl season. Four former players and four former coaches are on the staffs of teams playing in NCAA Division I bowl games being played now through Jan. 7.
Those competing in bowls, along with their affiliation with IWC, the schools they are currently with and the bowl game their teams will be participating in:
Mike Fanoga — Outside linebackers coach at Wyoming. Fanoga was an assistant coach for four years at IWC from 1990-93. Wyoming is playing in the New Mexico Bowl against Fresno State Saturday, Dec. 19 at 2:30 p.m. on ESPN. Hawk Eye story at.
Doug Elisaia — Director of strength and conditioning at Utah. Elisaia played for the Tigers from 1991-95 as a defensive lineman and is a 1996 graduate of IWC. Utah is playing in the Poinsettia Bowl against California at 7 p.m. on Dec 23 on ESPN.
Marc Hill — Director of strength and conditioning at Kentucky. Hill played at Wesleyan as a linebacker from 1990-93 and is a 1994 graduate of IWC. He also is a native of Mount Pleasant and a graduate of Mount Pleasant Community High School. Kentucky is playing Clemson in the Music City Bowl at 7 p.m. on Dec. 27 on ESPN.
Bill Bedenbaugh — Offensive line coach at Arizona. Bedenbaugh played for the Tigers from 1991-94 and is a 1995 graduate of Iowa Wesleyan. Arizona is playing Nebraska in the Holiday Bowl at 7 p.m. on Dec. 30 on ESPN. Hawk Eye story at.
Dana Holgorsen — Offensive coordinator at Houston. Holgorsen played for IWC from 1990-92 and is a 1993 graduate of IWC. He also is a native of Mount Pleasant and a graduate of Mount Pleasant Community High School. Houston is playing Air Force in the Armed Forces Bowl at 11 a.m. on Dec. 31 on ESPN. Hawk Eye story at.
Pat Poore — Quarterbacks coach at Northern Illinois. Poore was a coach at Iowa Wesleyan from 1992-94, serving as an assistant in 1992-93 and as head coach for one year in 1994, when he compiled an 8-3 record. Northern Illinois is playing South Florida in the International Bowl at 11 a.m. on Jan. 2 on ESPN2.
Mike Leach — Head coach at Texas Tech. Leach was an assistant coach for three years at Wesleyan from 1989-91. Texas Tech is playing Michigan State in the Alamo Bowl at 8 p.m. on Jan. 2 on ESPN.
Sal Sunseri — Linebackers coach at Alabama. Sunseri was an assistant coach for one year with the Tigers in 1993. Alabama is playing Texas in the BCS Championship Game at 7 p.m. on Jan. 7 on ABC.
<|endofexample|>
MOUNT PLEASANT – Iowa Wesleyan College played well for spurts but was done in by a lack of offense against Grand View University in losing women’s and men’s soccer matches to the Vikings Wednesday afternoon at East Lake Park.
The Tiger women fought hard but succumbed to Grand View 3-0 in the first match of the Midwest Collegiate Conference doubleheader. The IWC men then played well for a half before the nationally ranked Vikings rolled to a 7-0 win to complete the sweep.
Grand View scored twice in the first half of the women’s match and then added its final goal just over a minute into the second half. The Tigers played even on the scoreboard the rest of the way as Cara Arnold (Jr.-Stillman Valley, Ill.) made five of her six saves in the second half, but were able to generate just one shot in the match.
Mackenzie McAdaragh, Meghan McCoy and Emily Hays all scored goals for the visitors, who owned a 21-1 advantage in shots. IWC dropped to 1-13-1 overall (0-6 MCC), while Grand View improved to 5-7-1 overall, 4-2 in conference play.
The men’s match saw the Tigers play to a draw for 30 minutes against a GVU team ranked 20th in the most recent NAIA Top 25 Coaches’ Poll. Wesleyan still trailed just 1-0 after 60 minutes of play, but the Vikings would dominate the rest of the match, scoring six goals the rest of the way, including three in a span of 4 1/2 minutes.
Grand View played with the wind in the first half and got its first goal from Noah Acosta at the 30:25 mark. The score would remain that way until halftime and into the second half, but IWC was unable to take advantage of the wind in the final 45 minutes.
The Tigers were unable to get off a shot in the second half. The Vikings eventually broke through with their second goal coming in the 61st minute from Noel Medina. GVU added two more goals in the next 4:29, and tallied three more times after that to win going away.
Troy Osborne (Jr.-Sydney, Australia) made five saves in goal for the Tigers, who dropped to 2-10-1 overall, 0-5-1 in the MCC. Grand View improved to 12-1 overall, 5-1 in conference.
Iowa Wesleyan’s soccer teams will be home again on Saturday to face Ashford University in a pair of conference matches at East Lake Park. The men’s match will be played first and begin at 1 p.m., with the women’s match to follow at 3 p.m.
Women's GVU 3 IWC 0
Men's #20 GVU 7 IWC 0
<|endofexample|>
Name/Degree: Donald G. Wick / Ph.D.
Title/Rank:Professor of Biology; Chair, Division of Science, Mathematics, and Computer Science
Office: SCI 214
Phone Number: 319.385.6337
Educational Background (degree earned, certifications or other professional designations):
B.S. , M.S. University of Wisconsin – La Crosse, M.S., Ph.D. University of Iowa
Courses Taught:
Anatomy and Physiology, Genetics, Microbiology, Integrated Science, Senior Seminar
Areas of Professional interest or research:
Attitudes of non-science majors toward science and technology; thermoluminescent dosimetry; effects of ionizing radiation on intestinal cells
Research and Publications:
Several articles published in national peer-reviewed scientific journals
Professional Memberships:
American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), Iowa Academy of Science (IAS), American Institute for Biological Sciences (AIBS), National Science Teachers Association (NSTA), National Association of Biology Teachers (NABT), Phi Delta Kappa (PDK), Human Anatomy and Physiology Society (HAPS), American Society for Microbiology (ASM)
Campus Involvement (committees chaired, organizations advised, etc.):
Advisor, Pre-professional Health Science Club; Co-advisor, Commuter Club, Beta Beta Beta
Office hours: 11:00 AM Daily
<|endofexample|>
ALBUMS
Our wedding albums, parent books, and engagement albums are inspired, one-of-a-kind, works of art. You will LOVE yours. We use the best bookbinders on the planet to assemble each amazing book by hand. The process is super fun: we look at creative options, talk about what you like and what fits your personality, and then we design the perfect book for you. All of our wedding albums are designed in our studio and nothing leaves without our seal of approval.
We also offer multiple types of parent albums, custom-designed guest sign-in books, coffee table books, and engagement albums- in all shapes and sizes.
You can view some images of recently designed albums on this site, but the best way to get a feel for the quality and style of these books is to set up an appointment and come to our Midtown Omaha studio and check them out in person.
<|endofexample|>
Friday, April 24, 2009
The Brief Self-Portrait
>:
Another life, some things were right, but I left because love had run out.
I know longer seek to be the mean I was but the human with you I missed being.
metatron
the minute details are everything and nothing.
sigh. insatiable.
Sometimes life shocks me. There's so much sadness.
Also? You glow from within.
(and you shed emoti-thingies like skin cells...)
ahh do your eyes change colours? this reminds me of so many things. good times :)
y6tujiy7i
your eyes change colour and your hair changes colour...anymor?
I have eyes that are attuned to everything and yet seem to focus only on you.
My legs are shaved in the hopes that the next time they graze yours, you'll place your hand on my lap.
I don't have dark rings. But many a night have i cried myself to sleep because of you.
I used to let my hair fall over my face. Now i tie it up so that you'll actually notice when i'm around.
My smile is the kind that exposes my set of yellowish dinosaur fangs. And i hope you find that charming in a twisted way. Cz i can't stop smiling when i see you.
But of course i don't fit the frame. And i would never fit the frame.
Of your perfect girl, that is.
Every word you write penetrates.
Somehow with the simplest of thoughts it tears up the insides.
It's incredible.
Wow, I feel like this was written word for word about me. This is amazing and the mood that I'm in as reading it just makes it all the more insane to comprehend fully right now.
This is my favorite.
you look just like I remember.
<|endofexample|>
Parts
Get it while you can, cuz once it's out of stock, it's gone!
Full Floater Hubs
Regular Price: $257.99
Special Price: $145.99
Only 1 in stock
15mm Diameter A and 35mm Diameter B Tie Rod Boots
Regular Price: $1.50
Special Price: $0.75
Only 1 in stock
2,500 lb Adjustable Overload Spring
Regular Price: $185.99
Special Price: $114.99
Only 1 in stock
2.25 inch Tall, 3 inch Long 2 inch wide Bump Stops
Regular Price: $44.15
Special Price: $24.99
Only 1 in stock
2500/3500HD 2001-2010 Chevy/GMC 4WD 1.25 inch Rear Anti-Sway Bar Kit (w/o End Links)
Regular Price: $205.99
Special Price: $125.99
Only 1 in stock
2500/3500HD 99-10 GM w/ 6-8 inches of Lift Carrier Bearing Drop Bracket
Regular Price: $40.99
Special Price: $25.99
Only 7 in stock
3 inch Tall and 4.5 inch Long, 2.5 inch Wide Bump Stop (w/ slotted mounting plate)
Regular Price: $45.99
Special Price: $29.99
Only 1 in stock
3 inch Wide Mounting Hardware for Overload Springs
Regular Price: $123.99
Special Price: $69.99
Only 1 in stock
3,500 lb Adjustable Overload Spring
Regular Price: $288.99
Special Price: $169.99
Only 2 in stock
4Runner 1990-1996 Toyota w/ 18mm bar Sway Bar Bushings
Regular Price: $25.20
Special Price: $13.99
Only 2 in stock
4Runner/PU 1986-1995 Toyota 4WD Steering Stabilizer Bracket
Regular Price: $23.99
Special Price: $14.99
Only 1 in stock
Blazer/Jimmy 1973-1977 GM (Full Size) Body Mounts
Regular Price: $105.21
Special Price: $69.99
Only 1 in stock
Borgeson 1999-2008 Chevy Full-size Trucks and SUVs Steering Shaft
Regular Price: $235.62
Special Price: $175.31
Only 1 in stock!
Borgeson Universal Single Needle Bearing Steering U-Joints
Regular Price: $100.99
Special Price: $63.72
Only 1 in stock
Borgeson Universal Single Needle Bearing Steering U-Joints
Regular Price: $100.99
Special Price: $63.72
Only 2 in stock
<|endofexample|>
12" straight grab bar
G**-12-
- For use with a handshower, see adjustable sliding handshower mounts
- Available in 8 styles (see below for style images):
- Smooth with finials: G20-12 (shown)
- Reeded with finials: G21-12
- Smooth: G30-12
- Reeded: G33-12
- Smooth with End Caps: G60-12
- Reeded with End Caps: G61-12
- Smooth Transitional: G70-12
- Reeded Transitional: G71-12
- Custom lengths available. Please call for pricing and availability.
<|endofexample|>
Exercise Tips
- The most common mistake that is made in most gyms is that people try to lift more weight than they are capable of and this usually results in poor mechanics when lifting, leading to injury. With any new exercise start with lighter weights then you think you should be lifting so that you can master the form first, and then slowly increase. Use mirrors to keep an eye on making sure your back is staying straight and you are using the right muscles to lift. When lifting with your arms your back should be saying straight and strong with your core engaged. When lifting with your legs you should not be rounding your lower back as this can result in disc herniation of the lumbar spine. If you are trying a new machine always read the instructions first to ensure you are using it properly. Finally, all strengthening should be done in a slow and controlled manner, a good guideline is you should be lifting for a 1-2 second interval and then returning to the start position in a 2-4 second interval. If you lift with good form and with slow and controlled mechanics you will not need heavy weights to get a good workout.
- When starting a new exercise program or trying to lose weight always remembers that it is a long process. One major reason why exercise programs fail so often is because people try and “lose all their weight at once” by going too hard for the first week. Frequently this results in injury, extreme soreness, or a feeling that it is impossible to keep with the routine because it is too demanding. Instead, start slow with exercise and work into bigger things. If you have never done an hour of cardio before, begin with 20 minutes of cycling instead of starting with a spin class. A good rule of thumb is that if muscle soreness last for longer than 2 days after an intense workout you are pushing too hard and should decrease the weight and or reps. Another good rule to follow is the 10% rule, meaning that you should not increase the amount of weight you are using by more than 10% at a time to prevent any injury. This rule also holds true with increasing the distance you are running, cycling or swimming and is the easiest way to drastically decrease your chances of being injured while trying to get back into shape. Moderation is the key early on in a workout program and rest is as important as working out when trying to get stronger, lose weight, or improve your fitness. A good workout plan should consist of 4-5 days a week of exercise and at least 2 rest days which are spread out intermittently throughout the week. This gives your body time to recover and your muscles time to grow so that you do not experience any overuse injuries from working out.
- Two of the most improperly performed exercises that people perform in the gym are squats and lunges. When performing a squat you should have your feet slightly wider than your hips width apart, and your knees should never go past your toes. Furthermore you should have your back straight and your weight should be firmly through your mid foot and not on your heels. When trying to squat, begin without weights and in front of a mirror to perfect your form. As you squat you should pretend like you are trying to sit into a chair that is about 1 foot away from where you are standing. Another easy trick is to stand with your toes touching a wall or a board and during each squat your knees should not come into contact with the wall. If you find yourself falling over backward or leaning on your heels as you squat, take a light weight and hold it out in front of you to help counter balance your body as you squat down. Finally, keep your back straight and your eyes looking directly in front of you with your chest up while you squat down. Squatting is foundational movement for any sport including running and having good form with squats can severely decrease your chances of suffering an injury such as an ACL tear or ankle sprain. The most common mistake seen with lunges is that the front knee is pushed forward out past the foot which can cause patella tendonitis, or patella-femoral pain syndrome due to the excessive stress being placed on the knee cap and patella tendon. To correct this, take a slightly larger step forward when lunging and focus on trying to touch your back knee to the ground rather than bending your front knee forward. By doing this you will keep your weight spread evenly on both legs instead of accidently driving too far forward and causing your front knee to go past your front toe.
- When trying to decide which cardio machines are best for you please consider the following; If you are experiencing arthritis in your knees, hips, back or ankles you should try to engage in cardio without any plyometric component including cycling, or an elliptical machine. These machines take the pressure and force off of your legs and help to strength without over taxing the joints. If you have osteoporosis you are looking for cardio that will stimulate bone growth and this will require light plyometric activity such as walking, step aerobics, jumping jacks or light jump rope. If you are experiencing joint pain and do not feel comfortable with cycling or an elliptical then swimming can be a great workout, or even walking in a pool to help build muscle while taking pressure off of the joints. Unless you have run before, it is not advised to begin with running on a treadmill or outside due to the amount of force it can place on your muscles and joints. A walking program that includes hills can be as beneficial as running can be and is a great way to ease into aerobic activity.
- If you are trying to start running follow a program such as “Couch to 5k” that will lay out an easy week by week progression to get you to running the distance you would like. It can be dangerous to jump right in and try and run as far as you can without stopping your first time. When beginning to run make sure that you start at a slow jogging pace. If you were to rate how hard you are exerting yourself from 1-10 a 6 would be where you want to be. You should be able to jog and speak without difficulty when you first begin to ensure that you are not pushing yourself too hard too soon. One great tool for new runners is a heart rate monitor. These can be purchased at any sporting goods store or online and will give you immediate feedback on how high your heart rate is so that you can make sure you aren’t over exerting yourself. When using heart rate to monitor your exertion, simply subtract your age from 220 and then try to stay within a range of 60% – 80% of that number. This will ensure that you do not “crash” before you are finished with your run. It is also important to remember the FIT principle. This means that you should only increase either your frequency, intensity, or time but not all at once. If you begin with 10 minute runs 3 times a week at a light jog pace, you should not increase the next week to 20 minutes runs 5 times a week at a moderate pace. Following the FIT principle will go a long way in preventing any overuse injuries, tendonitis, and decreasing muscle soreness.
- One of the most important parts of physical therapy is transitioning to a home exercise program at the end of your treatment. Once you are finished with therapy it is important to keep up with the exercises prescribed to you by the physical therapist for the required amount of days a week. Many patients make the mistake of trying to exercise at home and frequently this will result in patients falling off of the wagon and re-injuring themselves because they become busy with other things. One easy way to combat this is use the time you would have spent at physical therapy and join a gym to go to during that time slot in your day. By doing this you will be more likely to stay with your program because you will be exercising in a place outside your home with less distraction. Also, it is important when transitioning out of physical therapy to not repeat the same bad habits that landed you in physical therapy in the first place. If you injured yourself working out previously then be sure to either avoid the exercise you were doing previously, decrease your weight/reps, or focus on proper form to ensure you do not get injured again. Finally, remember to apply the same philosophy that was used in therapy to your lifting at home. If you are feeling sore or discomfort then do not increase the amount of weight you are using, and try to slowly progress yourself into harder/heavier resistance exercises. Ideally you will want to get your exercises done at home at least 3 times a week after therapy is over to make sure that your strength and ROM continue to improve and to decrease any risk of injury. Finally, do not be afraid to contact you therapist at any time if you have any questions or are unsure of anything. A simple e-mail can save you from a trip back to the therapist later because of an injury, just because you are discharged does not mean you are not allowed to contact your therapist with a question.
- A commonly overlooked area of strengthening in athletes and weekend warriors alike is the hips. Your hip muscles act to not only stabilize your pelvis and core, but also keep your knees stable and properly aligned beneath you. Lack of hip strength can lead to anything from a sports hernia, to an ACL tear, to a sprained ankle or patella femoral syndrome. The most common part of the hip that lacks strength is the gluteus medius followed closely by the hip rotators. The Gluteus medius controls abduction, or moving your leg out to the side, and is very important in keeping both the hip and knee joint stable. A simple way to test how much gluteus medius strength you have is to step off of a box or a step while looking in the mirror. If the knee of your weight bearing leg moves inward toward your other leg as you step down then you are weak in your gluteus medius. To strengthen this muscle you can do a variety of exercises including lying on your side and raising your leg upwards, lateral walks with a theraband which you stand in a slightly squatted position and slowly walk sideways in each direction, clamshells in which your lie on your side and rotate your knees apart while keeping your feet together, or lateral lunges. By strengthening the gluteus medius you will build a strong foundation for the rest of your legs and help to decrease your chances of injury greatly. Another great exercise for both your hips and your core are planks. Performing planks and side planks will greatly help to improve your stability during activity and strengthen all the muscles that stabilize your entire body which will make you stronger during athletics.
- Instead of following a traditional stretching program before running or activity try using a dynamic stretching routine. Traditional “static” stretching has been shown in recent research to be an ineffective way to properly warm up and stretching a “cold” muscle can actually result in a higher chance of injury. On the contrary, dynamic stretching routines have been proven to reduce the chances of sprains and strains as well as improve efficiency during sport specific activity. The principle behind a dynamic stretching routine is to activate the muscles that will be used during the activity, as well as lengthen the muscle tissue to its optimal length for sport specific activity. Even better, a dynamic stretching routine takes much less time to complete and is much easier to fit in before playing or running. So next time you head out on the field try this routine instead of your usual stretching routine:LEG LIFTS
Swing one leg out to the side and.
HACKY-SACK
Lift your left leg up, bending the knee so it points out. Try to tap the inside of your left foot with your right hand without bending forward. Repeat 10 times on each side.
TOY SOLDIER
Keep your back and knees straight, walk forward, lifting your legs straight out in front and flexing your toes. Do 10 reps on each side.
WALKING LUNGES
Step forward using a long stride, keeping the front knee over or just behind your toes. Lower your body by dropping your back knee toward the ground. Maintain an upright posture and keep your abdominal muscles tight. Do 5 reps on each side.
- When talking about managing injuries or acute pain the golden rule is RICE. This stands for Rest, Ice, Compression, and Elevation. If you suffer an injury whether it be during a sport, work, an accident or any other manner these 4 principles should be applied immediately. If you injure yourself during a sport try to get ice on the injured area immediately. When icing you should have 1 small layer (such as a paper towel) between the site of the injury and the ice and you should not ice for any longer than 15 minutes at a time with at least a 15-30 minute break in between ice sessions. Next, you should attempt to apply compression, especially if there is swelling present in the area. An ace wrap or compression garment works great, but be careful that they aren’t wrapped too tight. When wrapping an ace wrap you should apply slightly more compression at the bottom part of the wrap than the top so that swelling does not pool further away from the injury site. If you see any discoloration or feel tingling or numbness in the area further away from the ace wrap then immediately remove it as it may be cutting of circulation or causing further damage. Finally, elevating the area of injury is extremely important and will help to improve drainage of swelling from the area. When elevating, always make sure the injury site is elevated ABOVE the level of the heart for maximum benefit. This means that when elevating your leg you should be laying down for the maximum benefit. Last but not least it is very important to rest when injured. If you are having pain you should rest the area for at least 1-2 days prior to trying to return to activity, and when you do return remember to START SLOWLY so that you do not immediately re-injure the area. A short amount of rest immediately following the injury will usually prevent you from being side lined for weeks after the injury. Finally, if the pain, swelling and lack of mobility persist for longer than 2-3 days without seeing any improvement; be sure to consult your physician for further examination of the area.
- When training for a long distance race such as a half marathon, marathon or a triathlon it is important to make sure that you do not suffer any injury leading up to the race. To prevent this from happening make sure you are following a well laid out program that does not increase your distance too much too soon. Another great way to prepare for a race is to join a local running club or a training group. Not only will this help to decrease your chances of injury, but it will also help you stay with your training program as well. Remember when training that your rest days are as important as your running days, and that you will need this recovery as your mileage increases throughout the program to avoid over use injury. Secondly, make sure that you are fueling your body properly during long runs. Energy gels/bars are great for replenishing carbohydrates while on a run, and water or a sport drink is a must while training for distances longer than 6-7 miles to prevent dehydration and serious injury. When training for a distance such as a marathon it is important to note any pain or discomfort you are feeling while running. If you are experiencing any pain other than general muscle soreness it is important to take into account when the pain begins during your run, where it is, and if it goes away or gets worse during the run. All of these things will help to lead you to a better conclusion about what is wrong. If you are experiencing pain that worsens while running or after running and alters your running form in any way, you should stop your training program and consult an orthopedic doctor to make sure that it is treated as you can cause further injury or discomfort. It is important to try and take care of these injuries when they first start because they will go away much quicker than if you let them linger. By taking care of them quickly you will not lose a lot of training time, and will not be sidelined come race day.
<|endofexample|>
Business
RBS shares rise despite government denial of sale
Wednesday, March 28, 2012
LONDON, England - SHARES in Royal Bank of Scotland rose sharply yesterday following a report that the government was negotiating to sell part of its majority stake to a Middle East sovereign wealth fund.
Though the Treasury said no sale was imminent, RBS shares were up 4.1 per cent at 28.88 per cent around 1:00 pm, falling back from a 6.7 per cent gain earlier.
The Treasury said UK Financial Investments Ltd, which holds the government’s stake of 82 per cent in Royal Bank of Scotland Group and just under 40 per centK yesterday
<|endofexample|>
Entertainment
BEFFTA comes to Jamaica - British awards show to be held in July
Howard Campbell
Monday, February 11, 2013
BRITAIN'S Black Entertainment Fashion Film Television and Arts (BEFFTA) awards will have a Jamaican leg as part of its fifth- anniversary celebrations.
Verona White, international manager for BEFFTA, says the Jamaican ceremony is planned for July 28, at a yet-to-be decided venue.
The main ceremony takes place in London on October 26, during Black History Month in Britain.
White told the Jamaica Observer that it is the second occasion that the BEFFTA will stage a smaller event outside of London. The first was held in Atlanta, Georgia in 2011.
"It's going to have a similar format to the one in the United Kingdom but there's a bit of tweaking to suit the country it's held in," she said. "For example, we'd have a Best Soca category because it's been held in the Caribbean."
The Stone Love sound system, which observed its 40th anniversary last year, will receive the Best Entertainment Award.
Singer Freddie McGregor, who celebrated his 50th year in the music business in 2012, is being recognised with the Excellence Award.
Conceived by Kenya-born Pauline Long, the BEFFTAs were first held in 2009 at the Hilton Hotel in London. It awards and honours persons of colour who excelled in the previous year or contributed significantly in their field.
Winners of the various categories are selected by online voting while a committee chooses the honorees who have included Trinidad-born broadcaster Sir Trevor McDonald.
White, born in the British Midlands to Jamaican parents, says the BEFFTAs have grown since its inaugural show which attracted 800 persons.
Over 4,000 attended the 2012 event at the Hippodrome in L
<|endofexample|>
As part of Aston Research Centre for healthy Ageing’s metabolism research, our group is currently performing a cross-sectional study into metabolic regulation of ageing. Below is a link to a webpage which displays an anonymised list of data from healthy volunteers, type 2 diabetics and obese subjects. If you are a study subject you can see your data by identifiying your study ID number and reading across. A full list of abbreviations and normal ranges for fat be found at the bottom of the linked page.
The data can be found here.
As we are currently writing up some of this data for publication there might be a delay in information being added. We apologise for this but are very excited about our work and believe we have discovered a new, anti-ageing hormone! Watch this space for updates…
If you have any queries about this study please contact me on j.e.p.brown@aston.ac.uk
<|endofexample|>
forum: Food, Wine and Gardening
.
Offline
)
Offline
#743 Sun 13 Jan 13 7:55pm
#744 Sun 13 Jan 13 8:09pm
#745????????
Offline
#746_2<<
Offline
#747.
Offline
#748_3<<
Offline
#749?
Offline
<|endofexample|>
Japan Expo 14th Impact
After an incredible 13th Impact, the biggest festival for Japanese culture and entertainment is back! Discover the richness of this unavoidable event and enjoy!
Japan Expo on Facebook, Twitter and WAT.tv
Since the first edition, Japan Expo assigned itself two golden words: knowledge and entertainment. From Manga to J-Music, Cosplay shows to martial arts, the festival tackles as much traditional Japanese culture as contemporary pop culture.
Japan Expo is not a mere festival but a real party event! Among the many exhibitors you can find publishers from the Manga, Anime and video games markets, a great deal of shops, Young Designers
<|endofexample|>
phoffman
AHSG LLC currently seeks a Board Certified Pediatrician with three years post-residency experience to work as a civilian contractor in Atsugi, Japan. Atsugi is 1 1/2 hours from Tokyo.
The period of performance for this civilian contract postion is 13 September 2012 through 12 September 2013.
Medical Home Port, Atsugi Branch Clinic, Japan.
Requirements:
Possess and maintain a board certification by the American Board of Pediatrics.
Possess experience as a Pediatrician of at least 3 years, post residency, within the preceding 5 years.
Regular Duty. The HCW shall be on duty in the assigned clinical area for 40 hours each week between the hours of 0700 and 1600. The HCW shall normally provide services for a 9 hour period (to include an uncompensated 1 hour for lunch depending on shift length), Monday through Friday. The HCW shall also work 0800 – 1200 on Saturday. In no instance will the HCW be required to provide services (on-site service plus approved leave and holidays) in excess of 160 hours each per 4-week period. At the mutual agreement of the contractor and the Government, alternative schedules may be implemented such as a compressed work schedule.
The HCW’s services shall not be required on federally observed holidays.
The HCW will accrue 8 hours of personal leave (annual plus sick) for 80 hours worked. The HCW shall be subject to leave approval in accordance with Section C of the basic contract.
Assess, diagnose and treat infectious disease, allergies, metabolic, neurological, endocrine, cardiac, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, hematological, renal and musculoskeletal and emotional disorders.
Provide age appropriate patient/parent education on diseases, conditions, procedures, medications, prevention and wellness.
Perform well child examinations, sports physicals, casting/splinting, suturing, excisional skin biopsies, removal of foreign bodies from body orifices, and treat burns and trauma.
Order and interpret diagnostic and testing procedures to include laboratory and radiological examinations.
Provide clinical advice and consultation to colleagues, physician assistants, nurse practitioners and medical support staff.
<|endofexample|>
The Right Study Conditions
While I was at the beach this morning I wrote a post on my personal blog about the importance of getting away from your computer and office to get work done. I figured I would write a bit here on Japanese Words about how important it is to do the same thing when you are studying.
When I was a college student, I spent a lot of my time studying near a computer or studying while I listened to music. While this is something that most of us do, it isn’t actually very effective. The problem is that it is difficult to focus and easy to get distracted. Most of us will look up when we hear an e-mail hitting the inbox. Or start singing our favorite song if it comes on.
Learning Japanese isn’t just about the amount of time you spend studying, it is also about the quality of that time. Find yourself a nice quite spot where you won’t be bothered and can really focus. You will be able to learn much quicker.
Also, remember to take small breaks. If you study for too long without breaks your concentration and ability to learn weakens. Small breaks aren’t a waste of time, but a method to keep you studying strong.
<|endofexample|>
In September, a major update of Apple’s iOS software for iPhones and iPads (iOS6) replaced the devices’ long-standing Google Maps application with Apple’s self-made Maps service. However, the new app soon caused outrage among iDevice users around the world due to the low quality of the maps..
Also, instead of important destinations such as train stations and airports being clearly marked, preference has been given to restaurants and shops (including mislabelling the Gunma Prefecture Government Office as a restaurant), and navigation using public transportation — something that is essential in Tokyo’s complicated rail network — is not available.
Internationally, problems such as these prompted Apple CEO Tim Cook to issue a rare apology 10 days after the release the app, and Apple’s App Store introduced a “recommended maps” section. For English speakers, Cook recommended three apps (Waze, MapQuest and Bing) and two websites (Nokia Maps and Google Maps) as alternatives while Apple are improving Maps. All five solutions are free, though there are also paid apps competitive with what Apple Maps is trying to do.
Cook’s apology was translated into Japanese and —as most of the originally suggested apps did not support Japan and/or Japanese — the Japanese apology suggested five different apps. All five are apps by Japanese companies: Two are free (Chizu Mapion and Yahoo! Loco) but the other three are paid apps (MapFan for iPhone, Itsumo Navi and Navitime), which have more features, such as turn-by-turn navigation — both Yahoo! Japan and Mapion boasted on their official blogs how accurate and useful their apps are by displaying them side-by-side with Apple’s Maps.
It’s good that Apple has recommended Japanese apps, because most U.S. map apps do not support Japan very well. But the problem is that all five of those apps are only offered in Japanese, which is of little use to non-Japanese users living in Japan.
Some alternatives include using Google Maps on the Safari browser, which despite not being recommended in the Japanese announcement works well for Japan. But if you want the slickness of a native app, there is a Japanese app called “Itsumo Navi Japan Map,” which supports English place names. The app is made for for non-Japanese in Japan, and it is offered by Zenrin, which also provides map data to Google and others.
The English place names in “Itsumo Navi Japan Map” are, like Apple’s, rather sparse, but the map and landmarks are, at least, accurate. And switching to Japanese mode shows many more places, which may help when asking others on the street. The app usually costs ¥1,000 but is free until the end of October, which I initially thought was Zenrin targeting Apple’s failure, but it actually turns out to have been free for a couple of months now. It might be good to grab the app while it is free as it does not have navigation or keyword-search — so I am not sure if is worth its regular price.
People tend to connect Apple’s Maps failure with the fact that Steve Jobs is no longer in charge of things, so Apple’s attention to detail is slipping. But it’s worth remembering that Google Maps, which came late to Japan, was also initially criticized as being too U.S.-centric, but it slowly improved its Japanese maps over the years and has become one of the most trusted digital maps in Japan — even over Yahoo! Japan’s map services, which led the market for many years.
If Apple does not want to cooperate with Google because of the Android rivalry, how about it shakes hands with Yahoo! Japan? Or why not purchase one of the Japanese map companies who make the apps Apple recommends. Apple has purchased map companies overseas in the past. By not checking the quality of its maps in Japan before the rollout of the app, Apple can be blamed for making light of the Japanese market.
Apple likes to keep its products on a global (i.e., U.S.) model and avoids customizing them with locally popular features such as 1-seg TV or osaifu-ketai (mobile payment system) in Japan, and that has often worked well for it costwise. But for essential smartphone software such as maps, I hope Apple will work hard on good localization, like Google did.
Akky Akimoto writes for Asiajin.com, an English/Spanish blog on the Japanese Web scene. His Twitter account @akky is followed by 120,000 users.
<|endofexample|>
MY ACCOUNT
Directory
Whitepapers
Videos
Blogs
Get Listed
Cancel
Enter your email address and click the Submit button to have a new password sent to the email address of record for this account.
Submit
Cancel
>
Bulk Chemical
>
Acids
>
Terephthalic Acid
Product and Services Finder
All
Products
Services
Companies
Research
Terephthalic Acid
The Chemical Company
Maintaining a consistent level of high quality has been our standard for over 25 years: TCC's customers want nothing less than quality and stability in every product. To meet the ever-evolving, technological demands of...
Glycerin
Glycerin
Terephthalic Acid
Terephthalic Acid
View all 3 products
Contact Company
|
Company Showcase
U.S. Chemicals LLC
Serving the needs of the chemical industry for over 50 years, U.S. Chemicals, LLC combines quality, innovation, and service like none other.
Oxalic Acid
144-62-7
Phosphoric Acid
7664-38-2
Contact Company
|
Company Showcase
NeuChem Inc.
NeuChem Inc. industrial chemical production customer importer distributor inventory warehouses manufacturers California Paint & Coatings, Resins, Lubricants, Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, Textile & Leather Intermediates,...
Terephthalic Acid
Production of linear, crystalline polyester resins, fibers (textiles) and films by combination with glycols; reagant for alkali in wool; additive to poultry...... ...
View All Whitepapers
More
Terephthalic Acid Research Library
DuPont
High Performance Polyamides Fulfill Demanding Requirements ...
AOC, LLC
The Development Of Polyester Resins For Oxygenated Fuels Service
AOC developed two new resins recognized by Underwrit- ers Laboratories (UL) for the manufacture of underground gasoline storage tanks for petroleum products, alcohols and alcohol-gasoline mixtures. The tests were the corrosion testing portion of UL 1316 standard for glass fiber rein- forced tanks and UL 1746 Parts 2 and 3 standard for exter- nal corrosion protection systems for steel underground ...
Terephthalic Acid Video
The Chemical Company
The Chemical Company
The Chemical Company is based in Jamestown, RI, and services every aspect of the chemical industry.
The Chemical Company
The Chemical Company New Video
The Chemical Company, based in Jamestown, RI, can facilitate all aspects of bulk chemical supply and sales. With years of experience and a knowledgeable ...
Terephthalic Acid News
Terephthalic Acid Links
Butyric Acid
Cresylic Acid
Erucic Acid
Erythorbic Acid
Etching Acid
Folic Acid
Formic Acid
Fractionated Acid
Hydroxyacetic Acid
Hypophosphorous Acid
Methacrylic Acid
Mn EDTA
Parahydroxybenzoic Acid
Propionic Acid
Pyrogallic Acid
Sulfosalicylic Acid
Sulfuric Acid
Trichloroacetic Acid
Trichloroisocyanuric Acid
Zn EDTA.
<|endofexample|>
Greetings to y'all and happy 2k2! It is our hope that this will be the year that we find peace amongst all the nations. We will do our part to help back up that vibe through the message we send out through the music we play. We hope to inspire you to greater heights through our sound this year. As we evolve and meet the challenges that need to be met, our sound continues to move-groove-and-improve. You can expect the high energy shows you're accustomed to from The Waz with some surprises this year! Long cold winters in Buffalo find us indoors quite a bit and alot of that time is being spent in the "woodshed" honing our craft and writing new material. These new tunes are now being presented to you and with enthusiastic approval! Thanks for the encouragement! We're still playing tunes from 4x3, and Organigalactic (both of which we hope you have in your music collection ;-) however, we've got something new to say and that's what you'll find us out playing at the following venues during a "light" winter tour schedule. Groove On!!
JANUARY 2002
--------------
JANUARY 17th (Thursday) - THE KNITTING FACTORY, NYC, NY - FUNK-OFF w/FREELANCE BISHOPS!! Come Funk-it-up while both bands share the stage and answer & call your FUNK needs - w/huge jam at close of the show! Share the brotherhood onstage! 10pm show time! Opening act JSAN from NYC (Soulful Groove!) Tickets only $10 for all three bands! For more info, call The Knitting Factory at 212-219-3006 or visit their website at
JANUARY 19th (Saturday) - VALENTINE'S, 17 New Scotland Ave., Albany, NY 518-432-6572 -! Come Funk-it-up with The Waz! For more info, call Valentine's Music Hall at 518-432-6572 or visit their website at
FEBRUARY 2002
--------------
FEBRUARY 8th - TBD
FEBRUARY 9th (Saturday) - WINTER CARNIVAL in SARANAC LAKE @ THE WATERHOLE #3, 43 Main Street, Saranac Lake, NY Showtime 10pm 518-891-9502
FEBRUARY 16th - (Saturday) Full Moon Alternative Mountain Resort Oliverea, NY 9pm show time 'til close! 845-254-4134, $10 cover charge at the door SKI WEEKEND with THE WAZ at the most amazing alternative mountain resort - THE FULL MOON - located just 25 miles West of Woodstock, NY! Downhill, cross country ski or snowboard after enjoying the heartiest of breakfasts at this incredibly warm and positive vibe ridden resort in the Catskills - then get ready to BOOTY ROMP the night away with an all out Ethno- fusion Funk Jazz filled evening with THE WAZ! Make sure to get yourselves a room for the weekend with your loved one as it's Valentine's Day weekend, and a 3 day weekend at that, due to President's Day! Come on out and share the positive vibe!
FEBRUARY 17th - (Sunday) Conduit Trenton, NJ All day - w/The Waz as final act at 10pm 'til close! $18 in advance/$20 at the door, Call 215.336-2000 to charge by phone. Tix also available through Ticketmaster Agents and The Urban Word in Trenton, NJ. PRESIDENT'S DAY BALL! All day extravaganza blow-out music event! THE WAZ with UNCLE SAMMY and 4 other bands! The Waz ends the evening with their set time at 10pm, but come for the whole day, folks, as there'll be plenty of booty rompin', funky bands jammin' the whole day through for this 3 day weekend celebration! Check Trenton's hottest club's website at site for more info! Where they care about THE MUSIC!!! Get tickets EARLY!
FEBRUARY 18th (President's Day-Monday) - TBD
Check, or for all the latest on dates, as we will be adding some shows as the weather improves.
And lastly, we would like to present some of the press that we've been receiving lately!:
From Jambands.com:
4 x 3 EP - The Waz Paul L. Pearson 2001-12-19 self-released
Bridging the gap between the dance floor and groove-oriented funky jazz, the Waz even has fans in TV's New Jersey mafia. Is the "4 x 3" EP an offer you can't refuse? Likely. Based out of Buffalo, NY, the brainchild of David Wasik is up and running strong with its third release. Touting a full sound described by the band as "ethno- fusion, funk, soul and acid jazz", the Waz brings a mixture that is both pleasing and upbeat, with just a hint of psychedelia. It's cool enough that Dominic Chianese - who plays Junior Soprano on HBO's "The Sopranos" - joined the Waz on stage at the Knitting Factory in August. This four-song EP is a tasty teaser for what promises to be a good full-length release. While only recorded as a three piece, the Waz is currently playing as a five piece with guitarist Matt Bush adding color, and Eric Storms DJing. A unique CD case design that boasts the use of cardboard material over plastic, however, does seem to detract from the overall professionalism of the package -- while functional and environmentally friendly, it simply looks cheap.
What isn't cheap, however, is the musicianship. Wasik and upright bassist Edgar Henderson lay down a solid tight pocket, driving the jazzy bus and allowing frontman Eric Crittenden free melodic reign on keys and saxophone. It is the funk-laden keys that really define the sound of Booty, with the sax wailing appropriately. Crittenden adds some spoken/sung vocals to T-Lo, which features a bit more soulful funk groove and a nice sax break. So Su Di is purely jazz with Henderson's exquisite walking under Crittendon's piano. Le Crunge is another key-driven funk jam that gets a bit spacey and extends past five minutes over Wasik's jazz rhythm. These songs are fit for live performances in sweaty, smoky jazz clubs with room for improvisation, but will leave more mainstream listeners wondering what exactly is going on.
It's difficult for me to classify this EP by anything other than its main influences --funky jazz. I don't know if it's clearly distinguishable from other bands like MMW, which it most resembles. However, that doesn't take anything away from it on the enjoyability side. The musicianship is clearly excellent. If you like it funky, jazzy and groovy -- then check this one out.
From The Buffalo News Gusto Section:
The weather By TONI RUBERTO Buffalo NEWS STAFF 1/4/2002
Everyone will have a story to share about the recent "snowfall." Here's a musical one. THE WAZ was one of the many bands that had concerts snowed under by the inclement weather. But last Friday, after a few days stuck in the house, the musicians decided enough was enough.
Drummer David Wasik had been shoveling snow for days knowing he'd have to get out by Friday for a gig in Milestone's in Rochester. "Little did I know how much snow there was going to be and that there would be a travel ban accompanying the amount of snow that had fallen," Wasik said. "By the time Friday rolled along, I had serious cabin fever. I just wanted to bust out and play."
Learning that Route 104 was open in Lockport - a road that led straight to Rochester - the group hit the highway and were greeted by about 200 fans. "It was such a great feeling to make that gig, and people really embraced us that night," a grateful Wasik said.
From Musictoday.com:
The Waz - 4 x 3 EP (WAZ Records)
Drummer David "The Waz" Wasik defines his musical vision for the group that bears his name like this: "ethno- fusion, funk, soul, and acid jazz." He forgot to mention Latin and rock. 4 x 3 EP, the group's newest release, contains a little bit of everything in its quest to unite the worlds of jazz and jam band music.
4 x 3 begins in fine acid jazz form with "Booty," a song that rides on an Edgar Henderson bass line and bursts with energy. "T-Lo" comes next, showing off a tightly hewn unit-keys grinding, bass bumping, drums slinging triplets like a Waffle House waitress dishing out hash browns (smothered and covered, of course). Although "T-Lo" is a bit cheesy ("This song is dedicated to all the fine Scorpios"), the Waz knows how to swing and saxophonist/keyboardist Eric Crittenden is not a bad singer at all. The trio's Latin streak comes out of the closet in "So Su Di," a freight train of a song that features Wasik's most versatile and impressive percussion work; the track bounces from a supremely polyrhythmic semi-salsa assault to a brief excursion into the deepest realms of bebop jazz and then quickly into a straight jam that lasts all of four measures. The EP's most interesting cut, however, is "Le Crunge," an organ-funk take on Led Zeppelin's "The Crunge" (Houses Of The Holy). Wasik's stutter-step drumming, Crittenden's aggressive keyboard chops, and the all-out fusion break compensate adequately for those Zep fans who miss Robert Plant's croaked "Has anybody seen the bridge?"
As a matter of fact, I've seen the bridge-the bridge between jazz and rock, that is. This is not to say that the connection hasn't been made before (Miles Davis ring a bell?), but David Wasik and the Waz have entertainingly erected another means of travel, albeit a short one, between these two oft-connected worlds with 4 x 3 EP. Although the group has two CDs out under its name (1999's Melodic-Hypnotic and 2000's Organigalactic), both striving toward the same amalgamated final product, this release marks a considerable step up for this eclectic outfit, at least in terms of sound quality and clarity of vision. Be prepared when the Waz drops its next full-length: on the road to reaching their ultimate musical quest, the fellas may even offer up a cover of Britney or Christina. You just never know.
by Paul Rosner ###
Thanks and we wish for all of your dreams to come true this year! And if you haven't done so yet, order a copy of 4x3 EP today from today!
The Was Wishes You Well... David, Eric, Edgar, and Michael
Waz Word of the Month: Wazomatli
<|endofexample|>
(ARA) – some extra effort,” says Dr. Charles Zugerman, a practicing dermatologist and associate professor of clinical dermatology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago. “Taking a few simple steps each day will help skin look and feel great no matter the season.”
Zugerman offers these tips for keeping skin healthy and beautiful when the temperatures take a dip:
1. Continue to wear sunscreen
Don’t store away the sunscreen – protecting skin from harsh UVA and UVB rays is important all year long. The sun can be particularly intense when it reflects off ice and snow on a clear and cold day. Apply a broad spectrum sunscreen to the face every day, and don’t forget the hands as they need protection too.
2. Keep lips moisturized
When the weather turns dry and cool, it’s not uncommon for lips to become chapped and cracked. Forgo the pain with a proactive approach of keeping lips deeply moisturized from the start. Throughout the day, continually apply a super-hydrating balm like Blistex Moisture Melt. It contains dissolving softbeads of shea butter and aloe which melt into lips for a long-lasting moisture boost. The formula also includes SPF 15 to protect lips from the sun.
3. Moisturize right for the season
When the temperature drops, it’s a signal to change up your daily moisturizer. You might consider switching from a regular lotion to one that includes medication for dry skin, or a thicker formula such as a cream or butter. Avoid extremely hot showers and baths as they can zap skin of moisture. When you do indulge, keep hot showers or baths short and moisturize immediately afterward.
4. Exfoliate your face weekly
Because skin can become dried out so easily during cool months, dead skin cells can build up and clog pores. To avoid winter breakouts and keep skin clean and blemish-free, it’s wise to exfoliate your face once or twice a week. A gentle exfoliating cleanser helps remove the buildup of oil and dead cells to help reveal fresh, healthy skin.
5. Keep H2O top-of-mind
Keeping skin hydrated goes beyond lotion and moisturizers. It starts from the inside by drinking plenty of water throughout the day. Whether you’re enjoying a refreshing ice water or pouring yourself a cup of warm tea, make it your goal to drink water morning, noon and night.
“By making small changes to your daily routine, such as applying a medicated lotion after a shower, drinking plenty of water and using Blistex Moisture Melt, your skin will be healthy and feel wonderful during even the coldest seasons,” says Zugerman.
Blistex Moisture Melt is the perfect way to soothe dry lips when cold weather arrives. For more information on Blistex and other lip care tips, visit.
<|endofexample|>
Updates to the Original JSR
The following updates have been made to the original request since its submission:
2002.06.21: Spec Lead changed from Dynamicsoft to Sun Microsystems:
Phelim O'Doherty
Sun Microsystems
Phone: +44 28 90 369 158
2003.06.23: NIST added as a co-lead:
Mudumbai Ranganathan
NIST
Phone: +1 301 975 3664
2005.03.16: NIST becomes sole Maintenance Lead.
2005.06.22: BEA added as a co-lead:
Phelim O'Doherty
BEA Systems
Phone: +44 28 90 369 158
Identification |
Request |
Contributions
Section 1: Identification
Contact Information:
Steve Mayer,
dynamicsoft
Phone: +1 732 741 7244
NOTE: this information has been updated from this original request.
This JSR is being submitted and endorsed by the following
Java Community Process Participants:
Section 2: Request
This JSR is to develop the JavaTM APIs for Integrated Networks (JAIN)
Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). It will describe the Java API for call control
in the Telecommunications and Internet industry.
SIP is an IETF standard protocol for IP-communication, enabling IP-Telephony gateways,
client endpoints, PBXs and other communication systems or devices to communicate with
each other. SIP mainly addresses the call setup and tear down mechanisms of
sessions and is independent of the transmission of media streams between caller
and callee.
The JAIN SIP Specification is targeted towards telephony over Internet
Protocol (IP) networks.
The JAIN SIP Specification defines an API which allows for the rapid creation
and deployment of dynamic telephony services into a Java telephony platform.
Telephony applications require costly resources to develop, test, and deploy.
A JAIN SIP component can be rapidly developed, tested, and integrated on a
variety of platforms with access to numerous tools and utilities. A JAIN
cross-platform solution gives the Carriers, Service Providers, and Network
Equipment Providers a consistent, open environment to develop and deploy
portable telephony services.
The API specified by the JAIN Protocol Expert Group Java Community Process
Participants for SIP are based on the RFC 2543 Session Initiation Protocol
published by Internet Engineering Task Force. The JAIN SIP API specification
abstracts a functional definition into the variant protocol stacks.
The JAIN SIP API will leverage the Java Beans Event model. The protocol
stack vendor supplies the JAIN SIP 'provider' interface into the protocol stack.
JAIN SIP 'listeners' may readily be rolled onto the platform by an object manager.
Proprietary stack features are hidden behind a Factory (a standard design pattern).
Through a combination of common JAIN and JAIN SIP interfaces, a protocol stack
provider is obtained to which JAIN SIP listeners can then register.
The JAIN SIP Specification is based on contributions made by the JAIN JSPA.
While JAIN SIP will adapt well to, and interwork with, other protocols such as
H.323 and MGCP, its initial purpose is to provide a ubiquitous, standard interface
into SIP protocol stacks.
A JAIN SIP application can be written as a program, applet, servlet, or bean.
The JAIN SIP API encapsulates the functions of the differing versions of the
SIP protocol with a standardized Java interface, so that call-processing and
session initiations are readily available within the network.
While no dependency on Java visual tools for constructing JAIN SIP components
is assumed, the use of a Java Bean Manager and/or visual Java bean builder
can be a significant aid in the development, integration, testing, and
deployment of communication service over packet network that employs
JAIN SIP components.
Package names being considered are:
None.
None. JAIN SIP expects to utilize standard JDK security.
Because JAIN SIP is based on IETF specifications, the API
can be readily adapted to all markets.
Since JAIN SIP is based on IETF specifications, the SIP API
can be readily adapted to any North American market protocol stacks.
JAIN SIP moves Java into carrier grade service. The telecommunications
industry imposes stringent performance and failure requirements on hardware
and software platforms. Risks include failure of the Java platform due to
poor performance or the inability to fail-over or recover. Performance
evaluation and tests based on API architecture will be published with
each release of the API. Fail-over will be measured and published based
on latency to recover to a like platform and recover state data through
JDBC interfaces or Transaction based tools.
Section 3: Contributions
Documents describing JAIN can be found at
<|endofexample|>
A classic carry-in-your-wallet gift card that we ship for free (standard delivery) with a copy of our most recent catalog and a personal message from you.
What is a J.Crew Gift Card?
It's the perfect gift for everyone on your list (as well as the simplest). It acts just like a debit card—you choose the amount you would like to give ($500 or less) and the recipient can redeem it for merchandise of their choice worth an equal or lesser value. If you'd like to treat them to something really special over $500, please call us at 800 562 0258.
How can I redeem my J.Crew Gift Card?
Gift Cards can be used at jcrew.com, on catalog phone orders or in any J.Crew, J.Crew Factory or crewcuts store. So shop around, select the item you're interested in and use your Gift Card to pay for it. It's so easy. The Gift Card keeps track of the balance, so you can use it on one purchase and then use it again on another with the remaining balance.
Learn how to use a Gift Card online.
Find a store near you.
Call 800 562 0258 to use your Gift Card on phone orders.
Can I add more money to my J.Crew Gift Card?
Of course. You can add an additional amount to your Gift Card at any J.Crew store (it's a great idea for college students living away from home).
Are there shipping charges on Gift Cards?
We offer complimentary standard shipping and express delivery (for an additional charge) on our Gift Cards. There are no shipping costs for the J.Crew e-Gift Card. Gift Cards are sent separately from other items ordered at the same time, so shipping charges will still apply to other merchandise.
Read more about shipping.
Do you offer corporate Gift Cards?
Yes, for classic Gift Cards only (e-Gift Cards are not available for corporate gifts). We do it at a discounted rate too—10 percent off Gift Card orders of $2,500 or more. They're perfect for sales incentives, customer relations and holiday gift giving. Call us to order at 800 562 0258 or email us at crewcorp@jcrew.com.
Can I check my gift card balance?
You can check the balance of your Gift Card or e-Gift Card at any time.
Check your balance. $1,000.
J.Crew will not be responsible for lost or stolen Gift Cards.
J.Crew Gift Cards are non refundable and cannot be transferred, exchanged or resold and cannot be redeemed for cash (except where required by law) or applied to a J.Crew Credit Card account.
<|endofexample|>
We have just what you need—a better car with affordable payments. The car you need and the credit you deserve are just a click away. Need more? Find out what we offer.
110 N. Courtland St.E. Stroudsburg, PA 18301Phone: 570-426-1350FAX: 570-426-6452
Store HoursMonday - Friday
10 AM - 7 PM
Saturday
9 AM - 5 PM
* Get Map
* Maps are provided by Yahoo! Maps.
Sitemap : Contact Us : FAQ : Legal : © 2013 Byrider Franchising, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
<|endofexample|>
In Beacon Residential Community Association v. Skidmore, Owings & Merrill LLP (--- Cal.Rptr.3d ----, Cal.App. 1 Dist., December 13, 2012), a California court of appeal found that a homeowners association could seek damages...more
1/22/2013
- Architects Construction Defects Engineering Homeowners' Association
JD Supra gets your content noticed, increases your visibility and makes your marketing efforts hassle free...
Learn More or Schedule a demo
<|endofexample|>
The US District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee recently granted BioMimetic Therapeutics Inc.’s motion to dismiss the class action against it, and denied plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint. Shareholders...more
1/23/2013
- BioMimetic Therapeutics Class Action Clinical Trials Deficiency Notices Duty to Disclose Life Sciences Securities Exchange Act Shareholder Litigation Shareholders
JD Supra gets your content noticed, increases your visibility and makes your marketing efforts hassle free...
Learn More or Schedule a demo
<|endofexample|>
In late January, the D.C. Circuit ruled in Noel Canning that President Barack Obama’s January 2012 recess appointments of Members Richard Griffin, Terrence Flynn (who has since resigned), and Sharon Block to the National...more
Can the United States search your laptop, camera, iPhone/iPad, or other devices at the border? Read this article on the Fourth Amendment rights and exceptions....more
On Wednesday, May 8, 2013, the Colorado legislative session came to a close without any significant oil and gas legislation being passed by the state legislature.
The session was watched closely by the oil and gas...more
Compiled by @ComplexD from online public domain resources, provided for your review/use is this week’s update of key industry news, views, and events highlighting key electronic discovery related stories, developments, and...more
This presentation looks at Electronic Discovery from a Professional Responsibility Perspective. It includes as Part 1: Legal Context for Electronic Discovery, with the topics The Need for Awareness and Basic Principles; as..
Lawsuits brought in the U.S. that result in judgments against Chinese companies often have problems with enforceability, unless the Chinese company has assets in the US or assets in another country that enforces US judgments....more
As we’ve discussed multiple times, the issue of what types of ediscovery costs are taxable under 28 U.S.C. § 1920 was first addressed by a federal appellate court last spring in Race Tires America, Inc. v. Hoosier Racing Tire...more
The Singaporean government has adopted aggressive measures to become a regional center for dispute resolution and arbitration in areas ranging from intellectual property, to oil and gas arbitration....more
You've undoubtedly prevailed in a federal case -- either at summary judgment or after a trial -- and you have probably struggled with what you are entitled to recover as costs under 28 U.S.C. §1920. And recently, your client,...more
Ok, excuse that bad joke. But the recent decision in In re: Biomet, the hip replacement multi-district litigation out of the Northern District of Indiana, is noteworthy because it discusses proportionality and predictive...more
Recognized nationally in Forbes’ Law and Technology Blog as a leading source of trusted eDiscovery information, Orange Legal Technologies’ Unfiltered Orange newsletter is published weekly to provide legal and technology...more
Recognized nationally in Forbes’ Law and Technology Blog as a leading source of trusted eDiscovery information, Orange Legal Technologies’ Unfiltered Orange newsletter is published weekly to provide legal and technology...more
If you are involved in litigation, you have a duty to preserve all documents and data that could be relevant to the litigation. The duty to preserve evidence begins as soon as litigation is “reasonably anticipated.” That...more
As predictive coding technology began garnering attention, one of the earliest and most common questions among attorneys paying attention to e-Discovery issues – probably the second most common question, right after “does it...more
As a plaintiff, you often roam a long and weary road before you achieve your ultimate litigation goal: a judgment against a defendant. Now that you have your prize, what do you do with it? With any luck, the defendant...more
Don't be entirely distracted or frightened by emerging technologies and their effect on the practice of law. Lawyers already use technology every day even if they never turn on a computer. Technology is not just computers...more
Recognized nationally in Forbes’ Law and Technology Blog as a leading source of trusted eDiscovery information, Orange Legal Technologies’ Unfiltered Orange newsletter is published weekly to provide legal and technology...more
It is always a good idea to Shepardize or Keycite important cases, especially when the case involves the ever evolving area of e-discovery. We find ourselves always checking the cases in our CLE entitled “Electronic...more
In April of this year, the Civil Rules Advisory Committee ("Advisory Committee") will consider proposals to limit the scope of discovery under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (the "Rules"). The proposed amendments could...more
On August 6, 2012, the American Bar Association’s (“ABA”) House of Delegates voted to amend the comment to its Model Rule of Professional Conduct (“MRPC”) Rule 1.1, which governs lawyer competence. In amending Rule 1.1 the...more
In civil discovery, defense lawyers are seeking plaintiff's social media (meanwhile, a defendant-corporation likely has little social media to worry about). BUT, plaintiffs are seeking defendant's e-discovery (which the...more
JD Supra gets your content noticed, increases your visibility and makes your marketing efforts hassle free...
Learn More or Schedule a demo
<|endofexample|>
As announced during the 2013 State of the Union Address, President Obama recently signed an Executive Order on cybersecurity. The primary goals of the Executive Order are to (a) improve communication between private companies...more
Full text copy of Supreme Court's dismissal of lawsuit challenging federal wiretapping program.
On Tuesday, February 26, 2013, a divided Court dismissed a challenge to the FISA Amendments Act, which permits federal...more
Full text copy of the Preserving American Privacy Act (PAPA) sponsored and introduced by Representatives Zoe Lofgren (D-California) and Ted Poe (R-Texas) to "provide for a legal framework for the operation of public unmanned...more
Full text copy of President Obama's executive order calling for greater protections against cybersecurity risks, as mentioned in his Feb 12, 2013, State of the Union address.
The order is meant to bring more security”)... Colorado federal judge ordered that a person suing her former employer must provide all of her cell phone messages, social media passwords, and passwords to access any of her email accounts or blogs for the judge’s in..
In a statement for the record, EPIC called on the Senate Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law to protect the ability of individuals to control the disclosure of their identity. The hearing on "What Facial...more
No matter how big or small your company currently might be, your company needs a geolocation policy that takes human rights into account if you are either:
- gathering or storing data that personally identifies
JD Supra gets your content noticed, increases your visibility and makes your marketing efforts hassle free...
Learn More or Schedule a demo
<|endofexample|>
William Bennett Munro, Professor of Municipal Government at Harvard University, in his work "The Government of the United States: National, State, and Local" (1919) writes at page 73: “So far as the rules of international..
<|endofexample|>
Details
A SeatShield is made using high-tech, multi-layer fabrics that incorporate waterproof / breathable materials and is designed to go on quickly and stay in place. SeatShields have a top surface that wicks moisture away from you where it can evaporate quickly, while a middle or bottom layer provides waterproof, breathable protection. They are great at resisting odors but are machine washable. Tri-laminate material. The top surface is made of a microfiber that is comfortable even in running shorts or a bathing suit. It becomes even softer with use. UltraSport will fit any seat size.
<|endofexample|>
Jeffrey Campbell Hot Stuff Booties
Jeffrey Campbell Hot Stuff Platform Booties
I am of the opinion that any Jeffrey Campbell booties make you look like Hot Stuff so the Hot Stuff Booties name just seems kind of redundant. Redundant but awesome. You can scroll down for ideas on what to wear with the Hotstuff platforms. Hotstuff is now on SALE!
Get the JC Hot Stuff on SALE $148
More Sizes in the Hot Stuff Booties – whole and half sizes available 6.5-10
With buckles, and wraps, this strappy shoe is tough and solid. The JC HotStuff booties have a pretty dark wood front platform and conical heels. Not just any platform, this one has seriously cool cutout indented detailing in the front making it look extra fierce. The platform follows the shape of the black leather pointy toe bootie. With a strappy military inspired look, these ankle boots command attention.
One of my favorite styling features of the JC Hot Stuff Booties is that the leather straps wrap around the soles of the shoes rather than just stopping at the soles. It makes them look really interesting and somehow more organic and cool. Is that odd? It just makes it feel kind of thrown together like I had all this leather and I just wrapped it stylishly around my feet and I ended up with this neat pair of architectural military cool platform booties. Thanks JC!
Browse and Buy the Hot Stuff
As expected from Campbell, the HotStuff platform heels are no slouch in the height department. With 5″ cone heels and 1.5″ platforms – they will have you looking tall and giraffe like. In black leather with straps, rich wood, a buckle and a well placed stud – the Hot stuff booties have it going on without being too much. You can pair them with anything from shorts, jeans to dresses – long and short but my top pick to wear them with is a great body con dress and a killer pair of shades.
This brand Lovers + Friends is new to me. I dig the name – very louche and sexy as are the clothes. I think the Lovers & Friends boyfriend blouse in the leopard print with a pair of tight jeans or a pencil skirt with the JC Hot Stuff shoes would be OFF THE CHARTS smokin’ hot. With a pair of black leather short shorts – insane. This brand has a lot of really cool stuff and the price point is affordable – the blouse is $106 and comes in leopard or a mixed blue color, tunics are $80-100. The Weekend tunic in python is also great. With the cutout shoulders, the animal print and the minidress cut – it’s pretty easy sexy. If it’s too sexy with those Hotstuff heels, just add jeans or a wide leg flowy palazzo pant to take things down a notch.
Lovers + Friends Drape Blouse $106
Lovers + Friends Weekend Tunic $79
I love these House of Harlow 1960 Chelsea cat eye sunglasses. I love the vintage inspired shape of cat eye sunglasses. but normally, I find the cat-eyes too small for my face. Leave it to Nicole Richie to do some super sized cat-eye sunglasses. Adore these! The black is good and the nude Chelsea sunglasses are REALLY good. You can click on the pic of NR wearing them to see both black and nude and to buy them. You may already have a nice little body con dress in your closet – if not, this one is a rad dress that will be killer with the Jeffrey Campbell Hot Stuff platform heels.
Cat Eye Chelsea Sunglasses $138
Motel Halter Dress Black Body Con $88
You can wear the closed toe Hot Stuff booties in spring and summer and then wear them into fall and winter so you can definitely get the per wear value out of them over a few seasons. They are edgy but classic enough that they won’t be out of fashion next year.
See More and Get the Jeffrey Campbell Hot Stuff on SALE
More Sizes in the Hot Stuff Booties – whole and half sizes available 6.5-10
Get edgy classic with the architectural wood and black leather Jeffrey Campbell Hot Stuff.
Tags: architectural, Black, black leather, body con dress, Buckles, cat eye sunglasses, cone heels, Heels, Hot Stuff, hotstuff, house of harlow 1960 chelsea, Jeffrey Campbell booties, Jeffrey Campbell Hot Stuff on Sale, leather wrap boots, lovers + friends, military, motel harriet body con dress, nicole richie sunglasses, nude, platform pumps, strappy booties, wood heels, wood platform
<|endofexample|>
Family security is very important. How can we say that our family is secured? Good job, great compensation, comfortable shelter, enough budget to provide for the family, insurance – these are the usual keys that we can say that our family is secured.
<|endofexample|>
Old Florida Atmosphere
Visiting Boca Grande is like taking a step back in time. Void of high rises and major highways, the island is outlined by white sandy beaches and features many old architectural wonders, such as a 104-year-old lighthouse, that offer great photography opportunities. These charming qualities, combined with local warmth and hospitality, are what often drive couples to host a Boca Grande wedding.
.jpg)
The Gasparilla Inn
One of the most popular Boca Grande wedding locations is The Gasparilla Inn, a classic resort that was built in 1913. Offering a variety of indoor and outdoor Boca Grande wedding ceremony and reception locations, The Gasparilla Inn is stunningly beautiful and upscale. Accommodating intimate and large events, the elegant resort hosts weddings from October until June year round and is known for impeccable service and classic taste.
.jpg)
Boca Grande Club
At the Boca Grande Club, indoor and outdoor weddings are always secluded and intimate, no matter how many people are in attendance. Located along a white, sandy beach, the club offers a variety of Boca Grande wedding spaces, including decks, verandahs and clubrooms, and features several great outdoor spaces where a large tent can be put up for evening receptions. On top of a beautiful setting, the Boca Grande Club boasts a great staff who help couples plan every aspect of their Boca Grande wedding, from the food and entertainment to the center pieces on the tables.
.jpg)
Church Ceremonies
More traditional couples can also choose to hold their Boca Grande wedding ceremony in a number of charming churches scattered throughout the island. A replica of the Spanish missions built in the 1800’s, the Lady of Mercy Mission Chapel has a distinctive Mediterranean style while St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church, once a wooden cottage, has a more country feeling. Built in 1910, the white framed United Methodist Church was the first on the island while the First Baptist Church of Boca Grande was restored to its original beauty in 2003.
.jpg)
Upscale Charm
Whether you’re saying “I do” on the beach, at an elegant resort or in an intimate, historical church, your Boca Grande wedding will be nothing short of exceptional. And to make sure that you remember that beauty for years to come, Jennifer Angeloro Photography is on hand to capture every moment of your wedding day. From the first kiss and your walk down the aisle to the cutting of the cake and your first dance as husband and wife, we’ll be there to make sure you can look back and remember it all as clearly as the day it happened.
.jpg)
.jpg)
<|endofexample|>
Enjoy the beauty and warmth of hardwood floors–either a restoration or new installation. Add to your own enjoyment of your home and the future resale value of your home.
"I am dedicated to providing you extraordinary service at a price you can afford. I guarantee my work and look forward to helping you make your home more convenient, attractive and safe."
Gary Jeppson
Owner
Bellevue, WA
<|endofexample|>
Computer Tips and Tricks:
I created this section to share some of the computer knowledge I've picked up along the way. I will add to it as I have time. I have included a suggestions box at the bottom of the page, so if you think of anything I should write about, let me know! Thanks!
- 12/20/2010 - Creating strong passwords and keeping them secret.
- 03/05/2011 - How to keep your computer running fast and error-free.
<|endofexample|>
Case StudyCoca-Cola Savings
Improved drying before ink-jet coding - eliminating rejects and reducing compressed air by 90%., Ionized Air Rinsing.
JetAir Provides Innovative Solution for Major Medical Company.
<|endofexample|>
BARBASH, C
Ellen (nee Simmens) and Joff Barbash announce the birth of
their daughter, Chloe Elizabeth (Tzvia Eli Sheva), on July 2.
Sharing in their happiness are grandparents Joyce and Harvey Simmens, Marsi and George Breslau, and Eileen and Mark Barbash, as well as great-grandmothers Charlotte Adler and Madeline Waldman.
Joining in welcoming the baby are aunts and uncles Lilian and Ben Barbash, Tony Breslau, Adam and Michelle Simmens, and Todd and Michele Simmens, along with cousins Alex, Isabel, Emmie, Aaron, Ella and Josie.
Chloe is named in loving memory of her great-grandfathers Kurt Adler and Emanuel Barbash; and her great-great-uncle Ernest Schuster.
<|endofexample|>
Minsk,arusian "This is another example of why the Slonim Synagogue is not only a symbol of the past but a beacon of light for a renewed Jewish future in East Europe."
For more information about the Slonim Synagogue and other restoration projects please contact:
website:
Back to the index of the Belarus SIG Newsletters
Back to the Belarus SIG website
<|endofexample|>
Advertisement
According to the Hebrew Bible, there are any number of crimes for which death is considered the appropriate penalty. Murder another person, and your own life is forfeit. Violate the Sabbath, and you will be stoned. Indulge in incest or adultery, and it is all over. Worship idols, and you have committed a capital crime. And the list goes on.
President Bush made a point of going around the table and greeting each of us personally before the "formal" meeting began. But herein lies the curious part. There really was no formal meeting.
What does it mean to be your brother's keeper? Lessons from the Cleveland kidnappings
View the current print edition
Get The Jewish Journal by email
<|endofexample|>
March 22, 2011
Is Obama’s J-Dar off? Probing, once again, the ‘kishkes question’
Follow JewishJournal.com on
Does President Obama need a “Shalom Chaver” moment a la Bill Clinton?
More fraught back-and-forth between the organized Jewish community and the Obama administration again has brought to the fore the question of what the president feels in his gut toward Israel and the Jewish people.
The questions were prompted by the Obama administration’s late and qualified response to last week’s naming of a square for Dalal Mughrabi, a terrorist who helped mastermind a 1978 bus attack that killed 37 Israeli civilians, including a dozen children. The hurt feelings were sharpened by the massacre over the previous weekend of an Israeli couple and three of their children in their home in the Itamar settlement in the West Bank.
Malcolm Hoenlein, the executive vice president of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, noted the Mughrabi square naming at a Manhattan memorial service for the murdered Fogel family members from Itamar.
“If governments, even our own, do not stand out and shriek and condemn and take action when they see this kind of action by the Palestinian Authority and their representatives”—and the incitement continues despite repeated promises—then “we must make sure that our voices are heard,” Hoenlein said. “We have to demand accountability and that there will be consequences.”
Morton Klein, the president of the Zionist Organization of America, asked what the president feels “in his soul”—a reference to disputed reports that in a meeting with Jewish leaders last month, Obama asked them to “search their souls” regarding their desire for peace.
“In light of what President Obama said to us at the White House and in light of this present episode, the ZOA asks a simple question: What does President Obama’s shocking, unbelievable and frightening refusal to condemn the honoring and glorifying of a major Jew-killer by [President Mahmoud] Abbas’ P.A., a day after an anti-Israel massacre, tell us about Obama’s true feelings about Jews and Israel?” Klein asked. “Mr. Obama, we respectfully ask you, sir, to ‘search your soul’ to evaluate your feelings and actions and policies toward the Jewish state of Israel.”
President Clinton set the high mark for connecting with Israelis and Jews in his 1995 eulogy at Yitzhak Rabin’s funeral when he encapsulated worldwide Jewish grief in a simple Hebrew phrase: “Shalom chaver,” “Farewell friend.” The second President Bush also made clear his affection for the Jewish state, both supporters and detractors agree.
Speaking on the record, most Jewish community leaders dismiss talk about Obama’s “kishkes factor”—what he feels in his gut—as overly focused on the ephemera of emotions and beside the point: The lines of communication with the White House are open, they say, and the president and his staff are responsive to their overtures.
“I would say we have a good line of communication with them,” said Alan Solow, the Presidents Conference chairman and a fundraiser for Obama in 2008. “Our access is both appropriate and excellent. There’s not a problem of communication issue between the Jewish leadership and the White House.”
Solow would not address the kishkes factor, saying it was inappropriate for him to comment.
Speaking on background, however, a number of Jewish community figures—among them those who generally sympathize with the administration’s outlook on Israel—say Obama just doesn’t get it.
“His J-Dar is off,” said one dovish figure who recalled Obama’s first meeting with Jewish leaders in the summer of 2009, when he told them that previous administrations’ policy of not being public about policy disputes with Israel was unproductive.
“It may have been true, but it was not the right thing to say” to Jewish leaders, the official told JTA. “What it implies is that you’re trying to drive a wedge between them and the government of Israel—but you should know that rarely, rarely works because the organized Jewish community supports Israeli governments. He doesn’t get the emotional issue, and maybe even the structural issue.”
Obama’s missed opportunity was not visiting Israel after his June 2009 address to the Muslim world in Cairo, a number of officials have said.
A conservative who has tried to make the case for this White House among like-minded friends and colleagues says Obama’s aloof personality is a problem.
“With Clinton, when he talked to you, it was like you were the most important person in the world,” the official said. “With Obama, it’s like he’s the most important person in the world.”
A prominent Democrat and a Clinton administration veteran said the problem was not confined to the Jews: This White House had made the rookie mistake of believing its resounding victory gave it a license to ignore special interests.
“It’s frustrating for every community, not just the Jewish community,” the Democrat said. “They have turned up their nose at constituency politics—labor, Hispanics, blacks, gays and lesbians also don’t get courted. They think they can go past affinity groups, and they can in some instances, but they still have to court the groups.”
White House officials tend to audibly sigh when the question arises. They especially chafe at the notion, raised by a number of Israeli and pro-Israeli officials, that there is no immediate “hotline” official in the White House—someone like Elliott Abrams, the Bush administration’s top Middle East staffer, who could be reached at a moment’s notice.
That person in this White House has been Dan Shapiro, who has Abrams’ job, and he has been responsive, according to friends of the White House.
One sympathetic pro-Israel official said that expecting microscopic attention to square namings by West Bank Palestinians was demanding too much of Shapiro.
“He’s just been dealing with that small problem of Libya,” the official commented dryly.
Obama announced recently that Shapiro would be his nominee to be the next U.S. ambassador to Israel.
White House officials say they have tried to be responsive and have engaged with Jewish leaders, and they say it’s a no-win situation: When they do not respond to a given event, like the Mughrabi square naming, they get into trouble, but when they do respond, the response is picked apart for inadequacies.
That damned-if-you-do, damned-if-you-don’t-prickliness characterized Jewish reaction to Obama’s speech to the Muslim world in 2009, when he went out of his way to condemn Holocaust denial among Arabs—and was slammed by some Jewish groups for seeming to draw moral equivalence with Palestinian suffering and for neglecting to mention the Jewish people’s biblical roots case for Israel.
The more recent episode, over the Mughrabi square, showed how an administration could stumble. The first response, days after the naming, came from relatively low-level officials and in response to a JTA inquiry, and said the administration was seeking “clarification” on an event that had been widely reported. The Palestinian Authority did not officially sponsor the event, nor did its officials attend it, but officials of Abbas’ Fatah Party were in attendance and Abbas did not reprimand them.
A day later, the State Department’s top spokesman, Mark Toner, explicitly condemned the naming and said the United States “urged” Abbas to address it.
Ori Nir, the spokesman for Americans for Peace Now, suggested such reactions were overwrought.
“Obama does not seem to have internalized yet, or does not seem cognizant yet of the fact that most American Jewish voters are progressive—they support his general agenda,” Nir said. “They typically don’t vote first and foremost on Israel and will probably overwhelmingly vote for him again.”
<|endofexample|>
The 2013 Annual Meeting of the Youngstown Area Jewish Federation will be held on
Monday, May 13, 2013 at 7:00 p.m.
at the Jewish Community Center.
RSVP ONLINE
The Annual Meeting Agenda will include the election and installation of Federation Agency Board members, the Annual Endowment Memorial Service, a display of the Bill Vegh Holocaust Exhibit, as well as the presentation of the following awards:
(March 8, 2013 – Youngstown) Gary Weiss, Executive Director of Heritage Manor in Youngstown, was the recipient of the Dr. Herbert Shore Award of Honor, the highest honor bestowed upon Jewish nursing homes executives, by the national Association of Jewish Aging Services (AJAS) at its annual meeting held earlier this week in Los Angeles, California.read more
<|endofexample|>
hi,
I am new to JFreeChart. I reviewed the developer's guide and source code and did not see any information concerning this question. I wanted to know if it is possible to create stem plots similar to what you can do in MatLab? If so, could you provide an example?
Thanks for any information regarding this.
-- tbb
<|endofexample|>
jGuru Forums
Posted By:
alks_wen
Posted On:
Thursday, April 4, 2002 12:41 PM
Whether sun gave up spotlet?I can't download the *CLDC_Overlay.zip which contains KVM.prc & KVMutil.prc and kjava package from the Java website.But I downloaded a MIDP4Palm,Does the MIDP.prc replace the KVM.prc&KVMUtil.prc?
Whether Sun no longer supports the Spotlet(kjava)?
Thanks!
Re: Sun gave up spotlet?
Posted By:
Dave_Astels
Posted On:
Friday, April 5, 2002 01:48 AM
Yes, MIDP.prc replaces KVM.prc and KVMUtil.prc.
So use MIDP4Palm and start coding. Also, watch for the upcoming PDAP which will provide more functionality for PDA developmnt such as more commuications support (serial & beaming) and higher level (think AWT) GUI support.
Dave
<|endofexample|>
May 13, 2004
Multi-Million Dollar Gifts to Aid Scholars and Mother and Infant Mortality Prevention
The Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health has received two multi-million dollar commitments. One is to support students studying at the School, and the second is to support research activities to prevent blindness, and mother and infant mortality in the developing world. Both gifts were announced on April 23 during the School’s rededication ceremony.
The scholar aid comes from an anonymous donor who committed $22 million over the next 10 years. The gift will support the studies of master’s and doctoral students. At the request of the donor, students who receive the funds will be known as Sommer Scholars in honor of Alfred Sommer, MD, MHS, dean of the Bloomberg School of Public Health, who is a long-time advocate for student financial support.
The School will also receive a multi-million dollar gift from Drs. Zell and Emily Kravinsky. Zell Kravinsky is a scholar and real estate investment fund manager in Philadelphia. His wife, Emily, is a psychiatrist. The Kravinskys’ gift will be used to support activities at the School to prevent blindness and maternal mortality and to reduce infant mortality in the developing world by one-third. The Kravinskys support the work of Dean Sommer and his colleagues, which has conclusively proven over two decades that correcting vitamin A deficiencies reduces child deaths in poorer countries by approximately that amount.
“The fact that millions die around the world for want of a treatment costing thousands of dollars a year is tragic; that millions die for want of $0.2 of vitamins is lunacy,” said Zell Kravinsky. “Our country spends less on the economically feasible exportation of public health than on the economically ruinous importation of gourmet pet food, and until we invert that ratio, we will never be a great society. I believe the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health is growing us towards greatness and I’m grateful for the chance to grow along with it.”
“I would like to thank the Kravinsky family. Their vision and generosity will enable the School of Public Health to continue its important work of improving the lives of mothers and children around the world,” said Dr. Sommer. “I would also like to thank our anonymous donor. The Sommer Scholarship fund will enable a new generation of scientists to pursue new ways for protecting health and saving lives. Personally, it is a great honor to have a scholarship program named after me, particularly one that will benefit so many students and through them, the health of millions.”
Both gifts will count toward the goals of the Johns Hopkins Knowledge for the World campaign. Commitments to the campaign through March 31 totaled $1.344 billion, which is 67 percent of the campaign’s $2 billion goal. To date, $307.39 or Kenna Brigham at 410-955-6878 or paffairs@jhsph.edu.
<|endofexample|>
Joanne CavanaughSpecial to The Gazette
Warnings of genocide in Rwanda. The mystery of Russian
conscripts likely buried in Chechnya. The story behind the Branch
Davidian conflagration in Texas. And a Salvadoran girl's daily
struggle with California's anti-immigrant laws.
Ten films will evaluate these and other issues this month in
a Human Rights Watch Global Showcase International Film Festival
at the School of Hygiene and
Public Health. The documentaries,
while focusing on the overall issue of human rights, portray such
abuses through personal tales.
"The films put a very personal spin on issue-oriented
stories," says Andrea L. Holley, a master's candidate in
international health and
co-chair of the school's Health and
Human Rights Group, which is organizing the festival. "The films
provide new information."
One controversial film that gives such insight is Waco: The
Rules of Engagement, which has been nominated for an Academy
Award for best documentary. The film analyzes the 1993 FBI
standoff with the Branch Davidian sect outside Waco, Texas, and
the fiery deaths of the complex's 76 occupants.
That documentary, which premiered at the Sundance Film
Festival, led last year's eighth annual Human Rights Watch film
festival at Lincoln Center's Walter Reade Theater in New York.
Hopkins is picking up 10 of those 23 films for this first-time
festival; subjects include events in Brazil, Guatemala, Cuba and
Palestine. Some showings will include speakers, who will discuss
efforts to end rights violations.
"We want to show that people are trying to do things," says
Holley, who led the effort to bring the festival to Hopkins.
"There is hope."
The films' sober messages are provocative. In the Waco film,
producers Dan Gifford and Amy Sommer Gifford underscore deep
doubts about some of the FBI's official version of the story. Dan
Gifford (who has a tenuous tie to Hopkins and Peabody Institute,
having taken classes here in the 1960s) is a former television
news reporter for CNN, ABC News and The MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour.
"It is a very political film and a very political subject,"
said Gifford from his home in Los Angeles. "It's about a typical
government coverup, the ability to obfuscate things, [as well as]
the failure of the press in our country.
"The cold, hard reality is that this is a subject that
doesn't interest people. It rocks their beliefs," he continued.
"Part of the problem for us was determining what the facts really
were."
Among other things, the film incorporates home-video footage
of the siege, which to some viewers reveals the Branch Davidians
as a group of terrified families, not the extremist martyrs
portrayed by the FBI and the press. The $1 million film was
funded by the Giffords' company, SomFord Entertainment, and
directed by William Gazecki.
The original version, which was shown at Sundance, was
trimmed back by Dan Gifford from 165 minutes to a more marketable
136 minutes; cuts were also made with balance in mind. "It was
more strident, more manipulative [before]; it was a political
diatribe, although in a quiet way."
Other award-winning documentaries to be featured in the
festival, which runs from March 23 through March 28, address
international cases of abuses by governments, military
dictatorships and patriarchal societies, as well as debates over
conflicts between black and Jewish Americans.
The Health and Human Rights Group is presenting the series
of rarely seen films to raise consciousness about human rights
abuses in the United States and abroad. Health professionals, who
are often assigned to politically volatile or poverty-stricken
nations, often witness abuses, Holley says.
"They deal with acute violations and insidious daily
violations. Some local doctors in the countries may turn a blind
eye, signing off on paperwork saying a prisoner has not been
tortured," she says. "But there is also the ethics of
information: Do the patients understand drug treatments and the
full effects of the medicine they may be taking?"
People's lack of control in their lives is the subject of
several of the films, including The Betrayed, a story of 3,500
untrained Russian conscripts who in 1994 were ordered to take the
Chechen town of Grozny and disappeared, as well as the
frustrations of family trying to find out what happened.
"We don't ever really get the full story, even in the film,
yet the footage is unbelievable," Holley says. "There's a Russian
commander calling back and forth to Grozny; even he doesn't know
what's going on. That's contrasted with families and mothers who
are trying to find out."
Another film, Chronicle of a Genocide Foretold, reveals the
roots of the 1994 ethnic war in Rwanda and how the slaughter of
500,000 Rwandan men, women and children might have been
prevented.
And Fear and Learning at Hoover Elementary shows how
California's Proposition 187 denies public education and health
care to illegal aliens. The story focuses in part on Mayra, a
confident, ambitious 9-year-old from El Salvador who must
navigate her life through the legal barriers.
Human Rights Watch is an advocacy group that investigates
charges of violations--including inhumane treatment in prisons
and discrimination against women or disenfranchised groups--and
publicizes its findings. Members challenge governments and other
forces to end abusive practices and respect international human
rights laws, and press U.S. officials and others to act.
Synopses of the films can be found on the Web at.
Monday, March 23
Noon. The Betrayed.
Tuesday, March 24
Noon. Stories of Honour and Shame.
Wednesday, March 25
Noon. It Ain't Love.
7 p.m. Ricardo, Miriam and Fidel.
Thursday, March 26
Noon. Devils Don't Dream.
7 p.m. 15 Children and The Betrayed.
Friday, March 27
Noon. Fear & Learning at Hoover High.
7 p.m. Waco: The Rules of Engagement.
Saturday, March 28
Noon to approximately 7 p.m. (back-to-back showings). Blacks
and Jews, Waco: Rules of Engagement and Chronicle of a Genocide
Foretold.
<|endofexample|>
Image copyright:
Please sign in to comment. Don't have a profile? Join now! Joining is absolutely free and no personal information is required.
Oh, thank you for that vision! I've never run into a flock of sheet like that, but did run into a herd of goats once while driving through Arizona. It's amazing how the individual animals stick together. Thanks for sharing your memory! Hugs, Anj
I remember when the sheep and shepherd were on our main roads and we'd have to go through the flock...or the flock would just go around us, following the shepherd.
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to Jigsaw Events - Event Prop Hire a event or Wedding, consider our services.
Our creative team are able to provide a solution for your event within budget and on time.
Much of our work is either repeat or recommendation’s and our clients words speak louder than ours!
We have a wide range of themed props available for hire so please check them out in our Prop Section here
If you have an enquiry, no matter how Big or Small contact us now for further details.
<|endofexample|>
Comic News Insider: Episode 464 is now available for free download! Click on the link or get it through iTunes! Sponsored by Dynamic Forces.
Reviews: Buddy Cops One Shot, Sledgehammer 44 #1, Wolverine Vol 5 #1
Jimmy is joined in studio by Stated Magazine's Ryan Swearingen once again. They chat about the massively successful Veronica Mars Kickstarter and ripple effect it will have!
Also, get a hold of us!
212 501 6246
Thanks for listening!
<|endofexample|>
This
Keywords: adult protection, child protection, counselling, domestic abuse, social care, social work, trauma, violence
Keywords:
Keywords: child protection, child psychology, children, children's rights, counselling, ethnicity, social work
Keywords: bereavement, child protection, children, counselling, death, families, palliative care, parenting, social work, trauma)
<|endofexample|>
A Ride the Whole Family Can Enjoy! This Very Clean Sedona is Nicely Equipped with Grey Cloth Interior, a CD Player, Dual Sliding Doors, Power Windows, Power Door Locks, Power Mirrors, Cruise Control, an Adjustable Steering Column, a 3.5L V6 Engine, an Automatic Transmission and More! A Quality Find at J&M!
040376
22
Highway
16
City
KNDUP131546600376
Grey
3rd Row Seat, 5-Speed A/T, A/C, A/T, Adjustable Steering Wheel, AM/FM Stereo, Bucket Seats, CD Player, Child Safety Locks, Cruise Control, Driver Adjustable Lumbar, Driver Air Bag, Driver Vanity Mirror, Floor Mats, Fourth Passenger Door, Front Disc/Rear Drum Brakes, Front Reading Lamps, Front Wheel Drive, Gasoline Fuel, Intermittent Wipers, Passenger Air Bag, Passenger Vanity Mirror, Power Door Locks, Power Mirror(s), Power Outlet, Power Steering, Power Windows, Privacy Glass, Rear A/C, Rear Defrost, Third Passenger Door, Tires - Front All-Season, Tires - Rear All-Season, V6 Cylinder Engine, Variable Speed Intermittent Wipers
<|endofexample|>
OVER THE LAST DECADE, companies have abandoned legacy systems in favor of a new class of comprehensive packaged application software designed to integrate the core corporate activities of an organization. Variously called Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems, enterprise-wide systems, or enterprise systems, ERP systems are the software tools used to manage all the enterprise's data, and to provide information to those who need it when they need it. These systems help organizations deal with their supply chain: receiving, inventory management, customer order management, production planning and managing, shipping, accounting, human resource management, and all other activities that take place in a modern business [4, 13]. The benefits of a properly selected and implemented ERP system can be significant. On average, inventory costs can be reduced by 25 to 30 percent; raw material costs can be reduced by about 15 percent. Lead-time for customers, production time, and production costs can be reduced as well [5, 6, 11]. However, the cost of implementing these software packages can be quite high. Software, incremental hardware, training, and implementation support may cost $200,000 for a smaller company with approximately $10 million annual sales, $600,000 to $800,000 for midsized companies with approximately $40 million to $70 million annual sales, and up to several million dollars for larger companies. It has been suggested that approximately $300 billion has been invested in ERP worldwide in the last decade, and the enterprise applications market is projected to reach $79 billion by 2004 [3]. Despite these high expectations and huge investments, ERP implementations often fail. The New York Times printed an article, "Software That Can Make a Grown Company Cry" [5], describing problems with ERP implementations. Allied Waste Industries purchased an ERP software package from SAP America, a major ERP software vendor, but discontinued its use after finding it too complicated, too expensive, and a poor value in terms of added functionality [2]. By doing so the firm lost over $40 million. Hershey Foods Corporation installed an ERP application early in 1999. By mid-September of that year, the candy-making giant was having trouble pushing orders through the new system, resulting in shipment delays and incomplete orders during the busy Halloween season. One reason for these failures is that the implemented ERP systems did not fit organizational needs. In spite of the fact that some ERP vendors argue that their software can suit most organizations [2], not all information systems (IS) are equal, nor are all ERP packages used equally. Several studies [8, 9, 10] suggest that the benefit an organization derives from using information technology (IT) is dependent on the characteristics of the organization. Therefore, not all companies will gain the same benefit from using the same ERP applications, and different ERP software packages will better suit different organizations. In addition, other issues (such as, implementation, linkage to customers) affect the success of ERP. The three papers in this special section present contemporary and rapidly evolving research focusing on ERP systems. The value for academic researchers lies with the findings presented and with the opportunity to use these papers as avenues for future research. Practitioners will be able to use the findings of these studies to better plan and use ERP systems, especially as they encounter three problem areas: the change that ERP brings to an organization, the use of ERP as a platform for other applications, and measuring the effect of ERP on firm performance. A key implication of ERP is that it involves sweeping changes to a company's organization, business practices, and core competencies. Few companies begin the project with the required organizational dynamics and business practices in place. The method of introducing the systems into companies might well make the crucial difference between successful organizational transformation and an abandoned project. Many of the issues involved in implementation are not so much technical as they are people-related and culture-related. The first paper, "Learning to Implement Enterprise Systems: An Exploratory Study of the Dialectics of Change," by Daniel Robey, Jeanne W. Ross, and Marie-Claude Boudreau, attempts to help organizations understand ERP system implementation. The authors adopt a process theory perspective with a focus on the dialectics of organizational learning that generates change in a comparative case study of 13 industrial firms. Demands associated with change require substantial organizational learning. It was observed that firms have identified various mechanisms for overcoming configuration and assimilation knowledge barriers associated with the implementation. The paper concludes by identifying the implications of their research for the theory and practice of systems implementation. An important role of ERP is to serve as a platform for other applications, such as Customer Relationship Management (CRM). The vision for ERP extends beyond the organization, providing support for enhancements cutting across whole industries. Despite the size of the CRM market, which is said to have grown 70 percent in 1999, and is expected to become worth over $12 billion by 2004 [12], limited information exists on the progress of diffusion of the CRM innovation. The second article, "Implementation Team Responsiveness and User Evaluation of Customer Relationship Management: A Quasi-Experimental Design Study of Social Exchange Theory," by David Gefen and Catherine M. Ridings, deals with user-level issues, which, according to industry reports, account for a large proportion of the estimated 65 percent of CRM implementation failures. This study examines the social exchange aspects of CRM implementation by using a quasi-experimental design. Gefen and Ridings describe some of the complexity of CRM implementation and the relationship between users and the implementation team. The findings suggest that the nature of the social exchange during implementation of a CRM influences user assessments about the CRM and ultimately user willingness to adopt it. Moreover, the effect of actual and perceived responsiveness on user willingness to adopt the new system is mediated through user beliefs about the correctness of the configuration. Measuring the benefits from an enterprise system is a difficult task, particularly when the benefits of these systems are strategic in nature. Understanding the value of an ERP system entails examining the amount of duplicated effort that the ERP system eliminates and the increased efficiency that results from having an ERP solution in place. Savings can be derived from a reduction in staff numbers and productivity improvement. ERP helps companies control their purchasing, inventory, manufacturing, finance, and human resource activities by centralizing information collected from dispersed geographical sites. A year after implementing ERP, Par Industries in Moline, Illinois, reduced lead-time, increased on-time delivery performance, decreased work-in-progress inventory, and the life of a shop floor order went from weeks to hours [1]. Despite successes like this, many organizations are not certain that they will realize positive returns. Even worse, many fail to see immediate benefits from moving to ERP or experience adverse effects, such as missed sales and profit targets [7]. The final article, "Investment in Enterprise Resource Planning: Business Impact and Productivity Measures," by Lorin M. Hitt, D.J. Wu, and Xiaoge Zhou, is an empirical study dealing with the research question, What theoretical understanding do we really have about the relationship between adopting ERP systems and firm performance? The authors were able to collect and analyze a set of responses from firms that have purchased licenses for the SAP R/3 system from which they confirm some important conjectures about the business value of ERP implementations. Besides explaining the business impact of ERP implementation on a wide variety of performance measures, the authors empirically test for the productivity and business performance effects of ERP on firms that adopted ERP versus those that did not, and on firms before, during, and after implementation to assess performance over time. They determined that ERP adopters are consistently higher than non-adopters in performance across a wide variety of measures. Most of the gains occur during the implementation period, although they find some evidence of a decline in business performance and productivity shortly after completion of the implementation. Likewise, adopters had higher market valuations both during and after adoption. In closing, we offer special thanks to a number of people who supported our work on this Special Section. First, the Editor-in-Chief, Vladimir Zwass, was open to the idea of this special section and supportive from the beginning of the process. Next, we are grateful to Robert J. Kauffman from the Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota, who helped us as an Associate Editor with the review process and provided valuable guidance. We also want to thank all the reviewers who provided instructive comments to the authors. Finally, our graduate assistants, Michele Harrison and Karen MacDonald, deserve thanks for dealing with a multitude of administrative tasks. REFERENCES 1. Appleton, E.L. How to survive ERP. Datamation, 43, 3 (1997), 50-53. Available at. 2. Bailey, J. Trash haulers are taking fancy software to the dump. Wall Street Journal, June 9, 1999, B4. 3. Carlino, J.; Nelson, S.; and Smith, N. AMR research predicts enterprise applications market will reach $78 billion by 2004. AMR Research, Boston, 2000. 4. Davenport, T.H. Putting the enterprise into the enterprise system. Harvard Business Review, 16, 4 (1998), 121-131. 5. Deutsch, C.H. Software that can make a grown company cry. New York Times, November 8, 1998, 13. 6. Main, J. Computers of the world, unite! Fortune, 122, 1 (September 24, 1990), 117-122. 7. Martin, M.H. An electronic firm will save big money by replacing six people with one and lose all this paperwork, using enterprise resource planning software. But not every company has been so lucky. Fortune, 137, 2 (1998), 149-151. 8. Johansen, J.; Karmarker, U.; Nanda, D.; and Seidmann, A. Business experience with computer integrated manufacturing. In M.A. Langton, Proceedings of the Twenty-Eighth Annual Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences. New York: Gordon and Breach, January 1995, pp. 970-979. 9. Ragowsky, A.; Ahituv, N.; and Neumann, S. Identifying the value and the importance of an information system application. Information & Management, 31, 2 (November 1996), 89-102. 10. Ragowsky, A.; Stern, M.; and Adams, D. Relating benefits from using IS to an organization's operating characteristics: Interpreting results from two countries. Journal of Management Information Systems, 16, 4 (Spring 2000), 175-194. 11. Schlack, M. IS has a new job in manufacturing. Datamation, 38, 2 (1992), 38-40. 12. Wardley, M., and Shiang, D. Customer relationship management market forecast and analysis, 2000-2004. International Data Corporation (IDC), Framingham, MA, June 2000. 13. Watson, E.E., and Schneider, H. Using ERP systems in education. Communications of the Association for Information Systems, 1, 9 February 1999.
Key words and phrases: ,
<|endofexample|>
$wgUpgradeKey = '227609bb7e0f805c'; Log in / create account - Wiki Log in / create account From Wiki Jump to: navigation, search Log in You must have cookies enabled to log in to Wiki. Username: Password: Remember me Retrieved from "" Views Special Page Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page Categories Community portal Current events Readers advisory links Recent changes Random page Help Search Toolbox Upload file Special pages Privacy policy About Wiki Disclaimers
<|endofexample|>
Acrylic A synthetic fabric often used as a wool substitute. It is warm, soft, holds colors well and often is stain and wrinkle resistant.
Angora Rabbit Hair A soft fiber knit from fur of the Angora rabbit. Angora wool is often combined with cashmere or another fiber to strengthen the delicate structure. Dry cleaning is recommended for Angora products.
Bedford A strong material that is a raised corded fabric (similar to corduroy). Bedford fabric wears well and is usually washable.
Boot Footwear which covers the entire foot and extends to the height of the anklebone or up to the thigh.
Bootie A shoe that resembles a boot in style but is not as high.
Brocade An all-over floral, raised pattern produced in a similar fashion to embroidery.
Cable Knit Patterns, typically used in sweaters, where flat knit columns otherwise known as cables are overlapped vertically.
Cashmere A soft, strong and silky, lightweight wool spun from the Kashmir goat. Cashmere.
Circumference The measurement around the shaft of a boot taken at the widest part.
Corduroy Cotton blend.
Crepe Used as a description of surfaces of fabrics. Usually designates a fabric that is crimped or crinkled.
Crinoline A lightweight, plain weave, stiffened fabric with a low yarn count. Used to create volume beneath evening or wedding dresses.
Crochet Looping threads with a hooked needle that creates a wide, open lace. Typically used on sweaters for warm seasons.
Cushioning Padding on the sole of a shoe for added comfort and stabilization.
DenimCotton blend fabric created with a twill weave to create a sturdy fabric. Used as the primary material of blue jeans.
DobbyWoven fabric where the weave of the fabric actually produces the garment's design.
Embroidery Detailed needlework, usually raised and created by yarn, thread or embroidery floss.
Embossed Leather Leather imprinted with a design or exotic skin texture, such as snake, ostrich or croco.
Eyelet A form of lace in a thicker material that consists of cut-outs that are integrated and repeated into a pattern. Usually applied to garments for warmer seasons.
Faille A slightly ribbed, woven fabric of silk, cotton, or rayon.
French Terry A knit cloth that contains loops and piles of yarn. The material is very soft, absorbent and has stretch.
Georgette A crinkly crepe type material usually made out of silk that consists of tightly twisted threads. Georgette is sheer and flowing nature.
Gingham It is a fabric made from dyed cotton year. It is most often know to be woven in a blue and white check or plaid pattern. It is made from corded, medium to fine yarns, with the color running in the warp yarns. There is no right or wrong side of this fabric.
Glen PlaidA woolen fabric, with a woven twill design of large and small checks. A form of traditional plaid originating in Scotland.
Heel Height It is the measurement of a vertical line from the point where the sole meets the heel down to the floor. Heel height is measured in increments of 1/8 of an inch. that is loosely woven together to form a coarse fabric.
Houndstooth A classic design containing two colors in jagged/slanted checks. Similar to Glen Plaid.
Insole The inside lining of the shoe that is underneath the bottom of the foot. Another term for footbed.
Instep The arched section of the foot between the toes and the ankle, or the part of the shoe which covers that area.
Jacquard A fabric of intricate variegated weave or pattern. Typically shown on elegant and more expensive pieces.
Jersey A type of knit material known to be flexible, stretchy, soft and very warm. It is created using tight stitches.
Knit A knit fabric is made by interlocking loops of one or more yarns either by hand with knitting needles or by machine.
LinenAn exquisite material created from the fibers of the flax plant. Some linen contain slubs or small knots on the fabric. The material is a light fabric perfect for warm weather.
LiningThe leather, fabric or synthetic material used on the inside of a shoe.
Lamé A metallic or plastic fiber woven into material to give the garment shine.
Lycra ®TMSpandex fibers add stretch to fabric when the fibers are woven with other fiber blends. These materials are lightweight, comfortableTM.
Paisley A pattern that consists of crooked teardrop designs in a repetitive manner.
Patent Leather Leather made from cattle hide that has been varnished to give a hard and glossy finish..
Pump Classically a high, medium, or low heeled, totally enclosed shoe. Variations include an open toe or ornament.
Rayon A manufactured fiber developed originally as an alternative for silk. Rayon drapes well and looks luxurious.
Sateen A fabric woven with sheen that resembles satin.
Seersucker Slack-tension weave where yarn is bunched together in certain areas and then pulled taught in others to create this summery mainstay.
Shaft Height Measurement of the shaft of the boot, which is from the top of the boot to the inside seam where the instep and the sole meet.
Shirring Similar to ruching, shirring gathers material to create folds.
Silk One of the most luxurious fibers, silk is soft, warm and has shine. It is obtained from the cocoons of the silkworm's larvae.
Sole The outsole, or bottom part of a shoe.
Space dyed Technique of yarn dyeing to produce a multi-color effect on the yarn itself. Also known as dip dyed yarn.
SpandexElastomeric fiber, this material is able to expand 600% and still snap back to its original shape and form. Spandex fibers are woven with cotton and other fibers to make fabrics stretch.
Stacked Heel A heel made of leather or leawood covering that gives the appearance of wood.
Synthetic Materials Man-made materials designed to look or function like leather.
Tipping Similar to edging, tipping includes embellishing a garment at the edges of the piece, hems, collars etc.
Tissue Linen A type of linen, which is specifically made for blouses or shirts due to its thinness and sheerness.
Tweed A loose weave of heavy wool makes up tweed, which provides warmth and comfort.
Twill A fabric woven in a diagonal weave. Commonly used for chinos and denim.
Variegated Multi-colored fabrics where colors are splotched or in patches.
Velour A stretchy knit fabric, typically made from cotton or polyester. It has a similar soft hand to velvet.
VelvetA pile fabric in which the cut threads are very evenly distributed, with a short dense pile, giving it a distinct feel.
Velveteen A more modern adaptation of velvet, velveteen is made from cotton and has a little give. Also known as imitation velvet.
ViscoseA cellulosic man-made fibers, viscose is soft and supple but can wrinkle easily.
Wale Only found in woven fabrics like corduroy, wale is the long grooves that give the garment its texture.
Wedge Heel A heel that lies flat to the ground and extends from the shank to the back of the shoe.
Windowpane Dark stripes run horizontal and vertical across a light background to mimic a window pane.
Woven A woven fabric is formed by interlacing threads, yarns, strands, or strips of some material.
<|endofexample|>
Field Sales Jobs in Philadelphia, PA
Related Jobs: Field Engineer, Field Representative, Field Technician, Field Service Technician, Field Marketing Manager
Sponsored Jobs
Position #1425: Business Development Manager
The Lake City Group - Philadelphia, PA
Our client is seeking a qualified candidate for the position of Business Development Manager. Responsibilities will include the following: driving the sales and revenue product portfolio to the end user through our, or independent of, our distribution... apply for work as a field sales in Philadelphia, PA...
from: jobsite.com
Director of Partners (Learning & Technology Services)
Philadelphia, PA
Description GP Strategies Corporation is a global performance improvement solutions provider of sales and technical training, e-learning solutions, management consulting, and engineering services. Our clients range from Fortune 500 companies such as Chrysler... field sales job vacancies in Philadelphia, PA...
from: us.experteer.com
Field Sales Manager
Matthews International - Philadelphia, PA, 19133
Are you a strategic thinker with a strong tactical sales background? Do you have experience managing territories and consistently aim to surpass your targets and goals? If so, Matthews International has a great opportunity for a Field Sales Manager in... field sales recruitment Philadelphia, PA...
from: Beyond Network - Yesterday
Field Sales Manager
Matthews International - Philadelphia, PA, 19133, US
Are you a strategic thinker with a strong tactical sales background? Do you have experience managing territories and consistently aim to surpass your targets and goals? If so, Matthews International has a great opportunity for a Field Sales Manager in... field sales job vacancies - Philadelphia, PA...
from: job.com - 3 days ago
Field Sales Engineer
ClearOne - Greater Philadelphia Area
Field Sales Engineer – Mid Atlantic Region JOB SUMMARY: The Field Sales Engineer (FSE) is the primary technical resource for the field sales force. The FSE is responsible for actively driving and managing the technology evaluation stage of the sales... field sales - Philadelphia, PA work...
from: linkedin.com - 12 days ago
Discover people that can help you to find a job in this company
Field Sales Rep
Symmetry Financial Group - Philadelphia, PA, 19019
The new mortgage holders receive a letter explaining their benefit options to protect the mortgage from foreclosure due to death, disability or a critical illness. They also have the option to receive all of their money back should they not use the coverage... field sales Philadelphia, PA job vacancies...
from: Beyond Network - Yesterday
Pharma Field Sales - District Business Manager(DBM)-Philadelphia W, PA
Philadelphia, PA
To develop and lead sales teams in the execution of sales strategies that increase profitability to maximize sales objectives. Works with RBD to manage, train, develop staff, and prepare regional budget and business plans. This is an entry level district... Philadelphia, PA - field sales jobs...
from: us.experteer.com - 24 days ago
Home Improvement Sales, Field Sales Rep
ContractorRecruiting.com - Philadelphia, PA, 19019
Restoration and Remodeling company in Pittsburgh is looking to add new storm restoration sales reps to their existing sales team. This is a great company with plenty of room for advancement. - Experience in roofing/remodeling sales (storm damage restoration... field sales - hiring in Philadelphia, PA...
from: Beyond Network - Yesterday
Field Sales Representative
ZipRecruiter - Philadelphia-PA
Company Name: MJF AssociatesManufacturer seeks area Sales Rep for PA, VA, MD, NJ territory. Seeking minimum 2 years sales experience and 4 Year degree or combination of successful achievements. Desire experience in technical electromechanical rotating...
from: linkedin.com - 8 days ago
Financing Field Sales Representative
ZipRecruiter - Philadelphia-PA
Company Name: iNet TeamOur financing department has a field representative position available in Philadelphia. There is a wide variety of industries that are using our financing program and experiencing fantastic results. We need professional sales agents...
from: linkedin.com - 19 days ago
Part-time Residential Field Sales Agent
Green Mountain Energy Company - Philadelphia, PA, 19122
Position Summary:Green Mountain Energy Company Sales Agents are the best in the industry. With thousands of customers (and counting) it takes something extra to deliver the level of service Green Mountain strives to provide to our prospective customers...
from: Beyond Network - 15 days ago
Discover people that can help you to find a job in this company
Channel Field Sales Engineer
Marvel Consultants, Inc. - Philadelphia, PA,
Our client in an international manufacturer of automation and electronic componentry systems that are used in a diverse cross section of OEM and end user applications. They are looking for proven sales professionals to sell these engineered products through...
from: careerbuilder.com - 14 days ago
Sponsored Jobs
Construction Manager (Philadelphia, PA)
Lime Energy Co. - Philadelphia, PA
Position Summary: As a Construction Manager, based out of Philadelphia, PA you will be responsible for developing, proposing and implementing total energy efficiency strategies that support AEP Ohio’s annual energy reduction plan. In this role for Lime...
from: jobsite.com
<|endofexample|>
topless
sex scenes
lesbian
natalie portman
bra
alice eve
famke janssen
liv tyler
rape
zack and miri make a porno
<|endofexample|>
The the leading computer components manufacturing company seeking a Software Engineer to debug and bring up Win 8 tablets. Responsibilities will include: Installing OS and drivers regularly using automated install programs Validating installation Using debug software scripts to confirm Troubleshooting the system Following directions to collect additional information Possibly updating device drivers REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Must have experience debugging windows 8 Basic debugging skills Basic Device Driver skills Experience installing and using Windows programs on Windows 7... more ->
TITLE: CA: GEN Developer (CoolGen/All Fusion Gen/AdvantageGen Consultant) LOCATION: Austin, TX SKILLS: 3-4 Years using CA: GEN 6.5 (CoolGen) and above, CANAM Report Composer, GuardIEn and CSE Access TERM: 5 Months Contract-To-Hire PREFERRED: CA: GEN (CoolGen) Target Implementation for HP/Tandem NSK Platform DESCRIPTION: Analyze, design, build and test changes to CA GEN (CoolGen) based application for one or more of the following functional areas: Provider, Member, Claims Processing, and Payment. Review design and build deliverables from other developers in the project team. Assist team lead... more ->
We are currently in the process of preparing our new surgery center in Austin for an opening date in several months. As part of that preparation, we are interviewing Director of Nursing candidates for Austin. This is an excellent opportunity for someone to have input from the start. We would like to hire the DON in advance of opening the center. This will allow the DON to receive training from our corporate office and the new DON will have an opportunity to interview and hire staff. more ->
75% Travel Required (M-Thur). A large Professional Services Firm is currently seeking Consulting Associates for their Peoplesoft HCM Practice. Job Details: Demonstrates proficiency in the following: Chart of accounts design Software configuration Identification of business process modifications Design document creation Test script identification/execution End-user training development and execution Prepares and delivers presentations to clients Develops work plans Completes complex system-related analyses Writes basic reports with minimal supervision Provides support in the presentation of... more ->
Yoh has a contract opportunity for a Megasys Technician to join our client in Austin, TX. Job Responsibilities: - Work on shift with a team without supervision. - Develop a functional proficiency for site equipment, which includes chemical, slurry, and gas delivery systems. - Perform container changes (bottles, drums, totes, bulk tankers). - Perform alarm response for delivery equipment. - Perform non invasive preventative maintenance using documented procedures. - Update electronic equipment logs. - On the job training will allow the technician to develop fundamental knowledge to assist with... more ->
Yoh has a contract position for a Validation Technician to join our client in Austin, TX. Job Responsibilities: - Validation Technician will be responsible for technical functions in support of engineering activities in validation, testing and detailed data collection. - Validation Technician will be responsible for performing functions associated with semiconductor manufacturing, including: - Setting up test related tools, operating equipment per specs, conducting Design of Experiments, collecting data, etc. - Assist in performing preventive maintenance, troubleshooting and sustaining the... more ->
Charles River Technical Analyst - C# Programming, Asset Classes, Charles River Technical Analyst If you are a Charles River Technical Analyst with experience, please read on! The lead business technical analyst will be regarded as the technical business lead on all trade order management related tasks. This includes project management, business understanding and documentation, data flow and data architecture, and data analysis. The ideal candidate would have implemented and supported vendor and in-house built trade ordered management systems and has a comprehensive understanding of various... more ->
Front End Developer - Gaming Industry Front End Developer Front End Developer - JavaScript, DOM, CSS, Ajax, MVC Framework, UX/Architecture, Open Source, Java/C++/Objective-C/Python/Ruby Based in California, we are one of the biggest and most successful video game developers and publishers in the world. The part of our company that is responsible for our website maintenance, upgrades, and the web products is located in Austin, TX. We are looking for an impressive Front End developer who has interest in the gaming industry to join our team! Must have skills: - Expert knowledge of JavaScript,... more ->
Senior Sales Engineer - Linux, SaaS, Software Security Products Senior Sales Engineer If you are a Senior Sales Engineer in Texas, please read on! What you need for this position: - 5 years + of relevant Sales or business development experience - LINUX and/or SaaS Knowledge - Experience developing and delivering IT product demonstrations What you'll be doing: - Responding to RFI's and RFP's - Helping customers with product integrations - Provide Product demonstrations and arttend tradeshows What's in it for you: - Opportunity to get in at ground floor of a rapidly growing IT security company... more ->
Sr. UI Designer- User experience, UX, User Interface design, UI UI Designer Senior UI/UX Designer - Austin, TX An innovative company is looking for a Senior UI/UX Designer to lead the design of their software product! If you are a Senior UI Designer, Senior UX Designer, or UI/UX Designer with a passion for delivering user friendly, intuitive designs and an interest in being a part of an incredible company, please read on! What's in it for you: - You will have the opportunity to lead the UI design and user experience for a new product offering that is already receiving high industry demand! -... more ->
Contract opportunity for UI/UX Designer - UI, UX, user interface UI Designer Contract opportunity- UI/UX Designer - Austin, TX Austin based company is looking for an UI/UX Designer to join their team on a contractual basis to assist with the design of their software product! If you are an UI Designer, UX Designer, or UI/UX Designer with a passion for delivering user friendly, intuitive designs, please read on! What's in it for you: - You will have the opportunity to lead the UI design and user experience for a new product offering that is already receiving high industry demand! - You will... more ->
Senior Manager Network Operations - Manager IT Security Global Senior Manager Network Operations - Manager IT Security Global If you are a Senior Manager with IT Security experience, please read on! What you need for this position: â€¢ Bachelor degree in Information Technology â€¢ 7 years increasingly responsible professional experience â€¢ Experience translating business requirements and designs into technical designs â€¢ Good knowledge in IT security standards and certification procedures like ISO 27000, NASPO, Common Criteria â€¢ Strong knowledge of IT Infrastructure Services and Solutions... more ->
Developer for Infrastructure/Architecture Developer for Infrastructure/Architecture If you are a Lead C++ Developer who has parallel/scientific computing and have worked on large Client Server commercial applications, please read on!.you must be able to work in Lebanon, NH* What you need for this position: - Computer Science background - Experts in C++ (5+ years experience in a lead role) - Experience working on large Client Server commercial applications (rather than academic/government lab experience) - Experience in either meshing, spatial search or large scientific data sets (will also... more ->
Software Developer - Meshing, Grid Generation, CFD Software Developer - Meshing Software Developer - Meshing, mesh generation, grid generation, CFD/CAE applications, C++, Java, Scientific visualization, Computation fluid dynamics, CAD tools, OpenGL, VTK, large scale software systems, User interface design, Client/Server architectures, Software Developer If you are a Software Developer with mesh generation development experience for CFD/CAE applications, please read on! What you need for this position: - Experience in mesh generation for CFD/CAE applications - Proven expertise in... more ->
Front End Engineer - JavaScript, jQuery, Prototype - Austin JavaScript Developer Front End Engineer with exceptional Javascript skills needed in Austin! A fast-paced, award winning company is growing their technical team and looking for a Javascript guru! If you are a Front-End Engineer, UI Engineer or JavaScript Developer, please read on! What's in it for you: - You will join a company recognized in the Austin tech community with various awards! - You will have the opportunity to work in a collaborative, relaxed work environment - You will be compensated generously with an incredible package... more ->
Front End Web Developer - Profitable Leader in cloud computing Front End Web Developer We are a highly profitable and rapidly growing, advanced stage start-up that is a leader in cloud computing. We are experiencing a period of strong growth and seeking a Front-End Web Developer to join our team. The ideal candidate has strong experience with UI Development, HTML, CSS, JavaScript/JQuery, PHP and MySQL. You will be a part of a fun and fast-paced working environment with tons of upside. For the right candidate we are offering an attractive compensation package including a base salary between... more ->
ASP.NET Developer - ASP.NET, C#, SQL ASP.NET Developer Based in beautiful Austin, TX this is an outstanding opportunity to join a leading software company that has been around for over 20 years. We are very stable, profitable and we are continuing to grow! We are looking to hire and experienced ASP.NET developer. This position will be focused on producing products for external customers. This is not an internal system development position. Here is the technical background we are looking for: - ASP.NET - C# - SQL - LINQ is a plus - Team Foundation Server - Visual Studio - Unit Testing -... more ->
Big Data Engineer - Java, Cassandra, Lucene, Relo Assistance! Big Data Engineer Do you want to work with an intelligent group of Engineers? If so, you would love our opening in Austin, TX (or you can work in Palo Alto, CA, if you want to relocate). We are looking for a Big Data Engineer that wants to make a huge impact in the Big Data world. If that sounds like you, please read on! What you need for this position: -4+ years of solid Java development experience -Experience in one of the following big data technologies: Hadoop, MapReduce, HBase, Cassandra or a similar technology -Experience... more ->
Software Developer - Python, Ruby & Amazon Web Services. Saas Developer Based in the heart of Austin, TX we are a company that offers an extensive opportunity for growth. This is an exciting opportunity to work for an industry leading technology company that is innovative, profitable and experiencing massive growth. What's in it for you: - Fantastic compensation package which includes excellent Medical, Dental and Vision benefits. Excellent company culture with exposure to cutting edge technologies. What you need for this position: - Experience with Python and/or Ruby/Java. - Experience
<|endofexample|>
Motors Features
Can't say we noticed the cars...
You're probably not even reading this.
Go on, take a few minutes to flick through the gallery.
Done? No?
Ok. We'll hang on.
Ready?
Sound.
So we brough the camera down to take a few snaps of the supercars taking part in Cannonball Ireland 2012. But we ended up getting distracted by Emma Quinlan, The Little Fox, and her puppies.
"But JOE!" I hear you cry from your office cubicle. "What the hell is Cannonball 2012?"
Well my friend, let me break it down for you.
It's 3 days, 150 supercars, 400 competitors, 1000km of asphalt (probably a bit more when you consider the swerving around potholes), "Evening Entertainment" (read: Booze), and of course, Models.
The route takes the competitors from Dublin to Belfast, across to Galway, finishing with a spin down to Kilkenny.
How do you get involved? Simple. Be rich. Or have a rich friend. Either way, you're going to need a supercar.
It IS all for charity though... Assuming you have an Audi R8 gathering dust in your garage, or you can borrow the Lambo off the auld wan for the weekend, Cannonballers are all about raising funds, through sponsorship and donations for LauraLynn House, Ireland's First Children's Hospice.
If you want to have a look at some of the motors taking part, or if you can spare a few pennies, head over to
In the mean time, enjoy our little fox.
- Connect with Facebook
<|endofexample|>
June 2004 // Volume 42 // Number 3 // Commentary // 3COM1
Weblogs as a Disruptive Technology for Extension
Abstract.
Introduction
Weblogs are everywhere. Technorati <> watches over 1.2 million weblogs every day. Blogcount <> estimates 2.4 to 2.9 million currently active weblogs. Weblogs influence journalism, technology transfer, knowledge filtering, research, and business-to-customer communication. In the fashion of disruptive technologies, weblogs underperform by traditional measures, but they also create brand-new possibilities and eventually change the measures entirely.
What Is a Weblog?
Among people who care about definitions, there's often spirited discussion about the exact definition of "weblogs." Weblogs come in all shapes and sizes--personal, business, single-topic, eclectic. Generally, however, a weblog is a personal publishing system with chronological entries containing collections of links. Weblogs tell stories, share knowledge, provide reviews, analyze news, and link to others whose interests they share. Microsoft employees, university professors, research librarians, unemployed technologists, and high school students all produce interesting, entertaining weblogs that people access and learn from daily.
A weblog is pretty simple technologically. All weblog software does essentially the same thing: it allows you to make "posts" which it then arranges in chronological order. These posts can be accessed by date, by individual post, and by category (usually). The posts generally consist of a title, a post body, a permalink, and sometimes an image. The content of a post can be source quotes, links, and author commentary.
Despite their seeming simplicity, weblogs do several things extraordinarily well, and it's these characteristics that make them disruptive.
What Is a Disruptive Technology?
New technologies are generally either sustaining or disruptive. Sustaining technologies are those technologies or ideas that sustain an organization's focus, goals, and customers. Successful organizations, like Extension, are good at recognizing and exploiting sustaining technologies, even when those technologies require radical change. Sustaining technologies maintain value systems, improve existing products, and offer clear benefits to existing customers.
Disruptive technologies are innovations that often don't improve existing product performance. Current customers neither know nor care about the initial benefits of the disruptive technology; those benefits don't fit their current needs. Disruptive technologies often turn out to be things an organization dismisses initially as not worth the time, not "good enough," or not what the customer wants.
Weblogs, which might easily be dismissed according to the criteria above (not worth our time, not good enough, not what our customers tell us they want), have the potential to change Extension radically and in some instances may already be doing so. There's no barrier to starting a weblog. I can go to Blogger <>, enter my name, pick a password, and presto! I have a blog (weblog). Other applications (Typepad <>, Radio Userland <>, and Movable Type <>) allow me to set up an organized, functioning weblog in a couple of hours with little financial investment. If someone in Extension wants to start a weblog, they can, and they will, and it's very possible they already have.
Why Are Weblogs So Popular?
While weblogs often can't provide application forms or detailed program information, they can promote interaction, filter vast quantities of information, and create relationships. Weblogs, more than any other network application, are about interaction and networking at an individual level.
The Cluetrain Manifesto (Locke, Levine, Searls, & Weinberger, 2001) characterizes the Web as a conversation. And that conversation is disruptive to our traditional ideas about communication. We can process information, run it through committees, discuss it, edit it, and format it, but once we put it on the web, we give it over to everyone else. On the web, people talk about information they find, sift it through their own experience and expertise, and pass new information, built from the original and their additions, on to friends, who reinterpret it, pass it on again, and so on. . .
People blog because they have something to say, because they want to bring attention to certain resources, or, as Cory Doctorow (Doctorow, 2002) says, because a weblog is like an "outboard brain," a place to highlight things that are important and worth remembering. Though often professional, weblogs are not heavily edited, peer-reviewed, or couched in official language. They are immediate, emotional, and interactive.
Blogging has several implications for Extension.
1. Weblogs Promote Conversation
The "killer apps" on the Internet are all about conversation and connection--e-mail, instant messaging, chat, newsgroups, etc. eBay <> is wildly successful, not simply because it lets people buy and sell stuff, but because it lets them talk about buying and selling stuff and lets them communicate about who's good at buying and selling stuff and who isn't. People don't just want a company to tell them their hours and the customer service number. They want to know who the company is, what kind of people work there, and how real people answer direct questions. They want to make contact, to tell someone what they think and to hear from them directly.
Weblogs promote conversation through:
- Blogrolls --links to other weblogs
- "Post and response" conversations --one post generates another post on another weblog, which in turn generates a response on the original weblog
- Backchannel communication--continuing the conversation via email
Extension has long understood the importance of conversation, networking, and interaction. Extension has traditionally had a local presence in each county or region and has emphasized direct contact with local residents and businesses. However, with shifting demographics, changing organizational structures, busy lives, and Internet information "gluts," it's difficult for traditional relationship building to satisfy the needs of many people.
Weblog conversations don't happen in real time. They occur over several days and can even start anew when someone finds an old post. Weblogs promote interaction without the time and space constraints of meetings or office visits. In addition, they are public and allow people to know something about the blogger before initiating or joining a conversation and in that sense are more approachable than sending email to a stranger to ask a question.
2. Weblogs Promote Individual Voice
One of the consequences of an Internet that provides "content everywhere" is that we don't know whose content to trust. Whose information should we use? Who's telling us something that's accurate today rather than 3 years ago? In Extension we like to think of ourselves as trustworthy, as the place people go when they're looking for good, practical, unbiased information. But we also know that many people don't know who we are. With the whole of the Internet to choose from, why come to Extension for information? How will people know us?
One way is through weblogs. Each of us has our own particular criteria for judging how much we trust an individual person, but some of the common factors for establishing trust include: credentials, references; usefulness of the information they filter; recommendations from others; strong, clear writing; and personal glimpses of the person behind the information. This last factor is increasingly critical (Coates, 2002).
Traditional Extension clients are accustomed to individual voice. They trust their own County Extension Education Director more than they trust the campus specialist. While a county director understands and speaks for Extension as a whole, each county director is also an individual with his or her own unique experiences and knowledge, and most county directors use all of that when working with their clients, building trust and strong networks.
Traditional clients aren't necessarily looking to extend those conversations to the Web; they already have a medium (face to face) that's ideally suited for conversation. But there are other people we don't reach through local offices who want more than just a publication. Just like the people who meet us face-to-face, they want people they trust, helping them find information they need.
Weblogs can provide some of those traditional benefits for people who do much of their knowledge building online. Weblogs provide information not just about what a person knows, but about what they value, what interests them, and what experience they have.
3. Weblogs Reduce Data "Smog"
Extension has traditionally been heavily invested in a linear connectivity, "content is king" scenario (Reed, 1999). Publications and state fair booths and even farm visits are built around the idea of giving information to people who need it. This is a valuable and necessary service, but the Web has moved well beyond the restrictions of linear connectivity and content availability as a bottleneck to progress.
There is content everywhere. Excellent, filtered material is available in a timely manner from a variety of responsible sources. So much information is available that we have new concerns--data "smog," unreliable information and myriad distractions that interfere with and frustrate people when searching for the answers they need. Group-forming networks, which allow people to establish their own interconnections, not simply receive information, can address these concerns by allowing users to promote jointly constructed value, build relationships, establish trust, and find focused information specifically useful to the individual.
Weblogs reduce data smog through:
- Knowledge filtering--pointers to news and Web pages that interest the individual blogger
- Analysis and commentary--context for linked items
- Links to others --experts link to those they trust, providing sources to build other knowledge networks
By providing knowledgeable, timely pointers to information, individual Extension staff can easily become the "go-to" place on a particular topic.
Weblogs can generate XML or RDF pages that can be read by news aggregation programs and presented as a list of updates to users. In this way, updates come to the user instead of the user constantly checking a growing list of "favorites." Services like Syndic8 <> and Blogstreet <> provide lists of weblog RSS (Really Simple Syndication) feeds.
Finally, the populist nature of weblogs, coupled with Trackback (providing connecting links to related weblog posts) and comments, provide places for others to participate in our conversations. Experts don't just provide knowledge; they rely as well on input and feedback from others.
Conclusion
Professional weblogs must be professional. But they must also be individual. And it's this combination that is both truly disruptive and a reflection of things that Extension has always done well. One of Extension's strengths has always resided in its local presence and in building trusted relationships. We don't speak with one voice in our program meetings, in our newspaper columns, or in our radio shows. We need not speak with one voice on the Internet, either.
The Web is about conversation, and the conversation is going on now. The conversation is only momentarily interested in static Web pages and online forms. People want to ask us questions, tell us who they are, find out who we are in turn, and learn new things. We can choose to participate in the conversation or not, but if we don't participate as individuals, the conversation will go on without us.
Getting Started
The best way to learn about what weblogs can do is to read existing weblogs and then go out and start your own. Here are some resources for getting started.
Weblogs to Visit
Tech, Knowledge and Community (Deb's Blog) <>
TechNews <>
Extension Daily at Alabama Cooperative Extension <>
The Shifted Librarian <>
elearningpost <>
Weblogg-ed <>
mamamusings <>
Seb's Open Research <>
Information on Getting Started
Weblogs as Trusted Sources and Knowledge Filters <
weblogs2002_part_one.html>
The Art of Blogging--Part 2 <>
How to Start a Weblog (For Professional Journalists) <
howToStartAWeblogforProfessionalJournalists>
References
Christensen, C. (2003). The innovator's dilemma: The innovative book that will change the way you do business (paperback ed.): Harper Business Essentials.
Coates, D. (2002). Weblogs as trusted sources and knowledge filters.
Retrieved 11/24/2003, 2003, from
extras/weblogs2002_part_one.html
Doctorow, C. (2002). My blog, My outboard brain. Retrieved 8/11/03, 2003, from
Locke, C., Levine, C., Searls, D., & Weinberger, D. (2001). The cluetrain manifesto: The end of business as usual (Paperback ed.): Perseus Book Group.
Reed, D. P. (1999). That sneaky exponential--Beyond Metcalfe's Law to the power of community building. Context Magazine, 3 (Spring, 1999).
The article mentions a lot of great aspects of blogs. I thought I would add some of my own thoughts here in the discussion forum.
One very important aspect to blogs is their raw usability. Blogs are fairly easy to set up, and brain-dead simple to add content to. Most of the time, adding a blog entry is simply a matter of calling up a bookmarked web page, typing in what you want to say, and hitting a submit button. This low barrier to entry makes internet publishing not only accessible to people who might not otherwise engage in it, but it also makes it easier for even the most seasoned propeller-head to get content out there. And it requires very little time - unless you're writing articles in your blog, you can maintain a blog with a very small time investment.
Another consideration is that blogs have the quality of encouraging daily, narrative-style content. If a continuity of communication is desired, blogs are a good way to achieve that. All you need are a handful of employees who are daily bloggers and an RSS aggregator to have a web presence for your organization that literally has new, compelling content every couple of hours.
Blogs are nicely decentralized and agile. On September 11th, I was working at a dot-com startup in Charlottesville, Virginia. We had heard the news stories about the attacks, but of course all the news web sites like CNN.com were overloaded with traffic. We didn't have a television, and our radio reception wasn't that great. We were hip to the blogging movement at the time, though, so we were able to get information on what was happening by reading blogs of eyewitnesses in New York and D.C. who were pushing out minute-by-minute updates to their blogs. In this case, individual voices became just as valuable (and far more personal) than the big-name, centralized news sources, and got information out there faster and through more channels than the organizations that have to go through an editorial review pass and put the content in a single place.
It should also be noted that blogging doesn't have to be used in a conversational context - the ease of use makes it suitable for simply capturing data. For instance, the chronological, narrative-based nature of blogs makes it an attractive tool for reporting. Here at New Mexico State, we're investigating using a form of blogging to capture our reporting data, with the idea that this style of input would be an easy way for all of our agents to painlessly enter their narratives electronically, and to capture the qualitative information that is so difficult to extract from numerical data. As a side bonus, it would provide a natural way for agents to see and discuss what each other are doing, and it would double as a way to track promotion and tenure achievements.
Anyway, thought I would share some of my thoughts on blogging in response to this article.
And, the more definitive source--The Innovator's Dilemma by Clayton Christensen, which in particular talks about why disruptive technologies so often take even excellent organizations by surprise.
CC Chamberlin's points above are all excellent ones--blogs have ease of use in their favor. They really are personal publishing systems that get you on the web for little cost and with a decent 'look and feel.' They combine both freshness and persistance (in the form of archives) which is a powerful combination.
I'm really interested in New Mexico State's idea of weblogs for narrative reporting. That would definitely be a potential fit for weblogs. Cool.
Basically what we're looking at is a blog-like interface, which allows the user to attach some extra information to the blog entries which can be used for doing more quantitative aggregation. For instance, the blog interface for adding an entry includes the following:
* The raw blog entry text (for the narrative)
* Selectable categories
* Checkbox indicating whether this is a personal event or not (say, for P&T)
* Checkbox indicating whether this is a cross-state event
* Race and gender impact numbers
So, entering a narrative is just like making a blog entry, but it prompts the user to tag the narrative with some other information for later retrieval or aggregation. The hierarchical category listing (currently taken from the CSREES list, which has entries such as 1.1.603: Market Economics) allows the user to select one or more categories so that specialists can later call up the activity in their field of expertise. The checkboxes act as filters in searching. The race and gender impact numbers are simply there for aggregation purposes for reporting.
The main innovation here, though, is the idea that reporting doesn't happen at regular intervals, but rather on important events. When you report at regular intervals, you run into problems. In months where a lot of things happened, you have to cram a lot of information into the form, so the narrative for each event gets less detailed. In months where there's not much to report, you have problems, too - either you're just continuing what you were doing before, so you end up typing the same thing you did last month, or there simply wasn't as much going on, in which case you end up trying to pad your reports so it doesn't look like you were sitting on your thumbs. Events can cross those reporting deadlines, so you end up writing about half of an event for one month's report, and the other half for the next month's report, which makes the information difficult to retrieve and review later. And finally, if the event happened at the beginning of the reporting period, your memory of it may be fuzzy by the time you sit down at the end of the reporting period to write about it, and people have to wait until the end of the reporting period to hear about it.
If you instead shift reporting to an event-based model, you circumvent all these problems. Events get described as they happen, so they're fresh in the agents' memories, and can be viewed immediately. The context shifts from getting the form filled out to getting the event described, which in turn provides better information and minimizes the time necessary to engage in reporting.
So that's the idea behing a blog-based reporting system. As mentioned above, we haven't actually put this into practice yet, and I'm sure there are some gotchas lurking in the design somewhere. We haven't even committed to doing reporting this way, as we're investigating the pro's and con's of this idea. But regardless of what we end up with, the social value of blogging has prompted us to think about and revisit the traditional reporting paradigm in ways which will certainly yield improvements.
<|endofexample|>
Malaysia Warning: How To Spot Gays
,’ and 'like to bring big handbags, similar to those used by women, when hanging out.' The list of ‘warning’ signs for lesbians are less superficial. Potential lesbians apparently ‘distance themselves from other women… besides their female companions’, ‘like to hang out, have meals and sleep in the company of women’ and ‘have no affection for men’.Homosexuality is illegal in Malaysia. Two years ago the official state film agency ruled that gay characters can only be portrayed if they "repent or die" before the movie ends.
Labels: asshattery, LGBT rights, Malaysia, religion
<|endofexample|>
Not quite, but close to it for many taxpayers.
As part of the American Taxpayer Relief Act (ATRA) of 2012, a benefit you may appreciate has been slipped in, a ‘permanent’ fix to the estate tax issue. First, here ‘permanent’ simply means a provision that has no sunset date, no automatic falling off the tax forms. That said, let’s look at the estate tax, before and after, and why you should be concerned about this even if you are not a ‘one percenter.’
In 1998, the year our daughter was born, we bought life insurance. Since we both worked, and had similar incomes, we each bought a million dollar policy. This may sound like a lot of money, but we had a house with a mortgage, and college tuition 18 years hence, both of which would whittle this windfall down pretty fast. But. As I learned in 1999, estate tax would kick in for an estate over $650,000. So even if we had no other assets, our insurance of $2M would see $700K taxed as high as 50% if my wife and I should perish together. It gets worse from there. If I passed first, I could leave an unlimited inheritance to my wife, but then if she would die soon after, $1.35 (everything over $650K) is subject to estate tax. Off to see an estate attorney. Time to set up trusts. With a bit of financial smoke and mirrors, the insurance is purchased from small gifts given to my daughter through the trust. In other words, the insurance itself is not part of our estate. Back then, I’d have casual conversations on death and dying (I know, real ‘life of the party’ discussions) and I realized most people had no idea that if you own the insurance policy, it’s part of your estate when you die. So even a couple with a $500K policy each could be heading for an estate tax issue. Maybe not when the first person passes, but when the surviving spouse also passes and still owned all the assets from when they were both alive.
Enough history. ATRA (Bonus points – what does this acronym stand for?) provides some excellent estate tax details:
If you are blessed with wealth over $10.5M, the $14K annual gift may not seem like much, but keep in mind it’s per giver/recipient combination. So, you and your spouse can give $56K per year to your child and spouse. You can also gift each of the grandchildren $28K. With a large enough family, the total can easily exceed $250K if you are looking to be that generous.
On a final note, you can see how, in 1998, with no clear understanding that the estate tax would take such a generous turn, it seemed the right thing to do a bit of extra planning. Today, we’d save the expense of a trust, and only have a will in place.
written by Joe
\\ tags: ATRA, estate tax, gift tax
Sometimes
Sometimes,
Even though I am not a baseball fan, I know who George Steinbrenner was, as he was someone a bit larger than life. As you might have guessed from the title, this post is not an homage to Mr. Steinbrenner, but a discussion of the current estate tax rules.
There was a time (seems like yesterday) when the estate tax exclusion was one million dollars, but that was back in 2002 and 2003, and the number was even lower in years prior. But along with the rising exemption came one strange anomaly in the code, a year with an unlimited exemption, no tax on the estate of anyone fortunate enough to die this year. This doesn’t mean his heirs get away with no taxes ever due. Along with the estate tax, the rule allowing a stepped up basis went away as well.
I know, this is a bit technical, so let me take a step back. To keep the numbers simple, if one died in 2002, and left, say $4,000,000 to his non-spouse heirs, the first $1M is tax free, and then the remaining $3M is subject to an increasing scale up to a 50% rate. So the heir would collect about $2.7M and their basis would be the value at the time of the decedent’s passing (or 6 months later whichever is higher). Under these rules, the decedent’s cost makes no difference. The $4M could have been stock purchased for $10,000 (Don’t we all wish?) or cash from having sold something else and just paid the taxes.
With the 2010 rules, however, the estate gets only a $1.3M step up. So in our example, it makes a big difference whether that $4M is cash or if it’s stock that cost the decedent $10,000. Old rules allowed an unlimited spousal inheritance, new rules give Mrs. Steinbrenner an additional $3M step up. If the number I read are accurate, the Yankees were bought for $10M and the estate is worth $1.1B.
If the family sells their stake, capital gain taxes are due at the prevailing rates, this year, 15%, but expected to rise in 2011. Eventually, Uncle Sam will see some of his money.
So far, I’ve made no judgment, just offered some facts. I don’t know if there’s any structure that will be agreeable to all. There are those who feel the money has already been taxed along the way and the estate tax is a form of “double taxation.” Other feel that there’s too much money concentrated among too few people and somehow the estate tax will help to “level the field.” Objectively speaking, if that’s possible, I think the current rules help avoid the former concern as only gains not already taxed will be taxed eventually and only when the assets are sold. The risk that the “family farm” will have to be sold to pay taxes when gramps dies is gone.
Personally, I can live with whatever structure there is, my only objection is these erratic changes over the years. You see, each set of rules requires its own planning. A fixed exemption of say, $1M, would point toward setting up insurance trusts to cover the tax on the overage. Note, this isn’t tax avoidance, it simply means if I know my estate will have a tax bill of $500K, I can choose to pay for some life insurance to pay that bill, and leave the full amount to my heirs. It’s the changing rules that cause more confusion and anxiety than anything. I’d bet not one in ten people you meet today can tell you what the rules are for those leaving a large inheritance this year. No, not one.
Even now, there’s talk of our congressfolk ‘fixing’ this year’s rules, and making it retroactive to January. We’ll see. We’ll also see what they do regarding the 2011 return to a $1M exemption.
Any thoughts on the Estate Tax? Fair? Not Fair? Let me know what you think or if you have any questions. By the way, my friends at the IRS have a nice little article titled The Estate Tax: Ninety Years and Counting which you can download.
Joe
<|endofexample|>
Explorer Estate
Title
Explorer Estate Export Brand
Client
WinWorld Australia
Project
- Brand Identity Logo Design
- Wine Label Design
- Neck Tag
- Variety Extensions
- Gift Cylinder
- Carton Graphics
- Photography
- Website Design and Construction
Description
A premium brand package to remember and honour some of the greatest Australian explorers from all the way back to 1605.
If you like what you see contact
John Jewell on +61 2 6040 4433 or
Send John an email
<|endofexample|>
The period prior to the government’s near-ban on asbestos in 1977 could well be known as the Age of Asbestos.
Asbestos was used everywhere in the construction, renovation, and build-out industries, due to its fire and heat resistant properties and as an insulator. The superb insulating properties of asbestos led to its use in wall materials of all types, including:
- Flatboard
- Permaboard
- Millboard
- Rollboard
Asbestos was also common in:
- many types of plaster
- floor and ceiling tiles
- roofing felt
- shingles
- primer and paint
In addition, most adhesives, including drywall tape, were impregnated with asbestos.
As a result, asbestos exposure was common among drywallers, plasterers, and painters. And today thousands of painters with mesothelioma, plasterers with mesothelioma, and drywallers with mesothelioma are the result.
Asbestos exposure among drywallers, plasterers and painters has led to untold suffering. Painters with mesothelioma, plasterers with mesothelioma, and drywallers with mesothelioma due to asbestos exposure are the victims of negligence, and if you are one of the people who have developed mesothelioma as a result of exposure to asbestos or other hazardous materials, you deserve compensation for your injury.
Johnson Law Group can help you get that compensation. Call our offices today for a free consultation to review your case, and find out whether you are entitled to financial compensation for your injuries.
<|endofexample|>
This is a forum to ask product related questions that will be answered by customers like you or by our customer care team. If you have a question regarding an order or a customer service issue, please call us at 1.800.424.2854 or email us at jmdirect@genesco.com.
Approved questions and answers may take several days to appear on site.
Please do not include personal contact information here. You will have the opportunity to do so after you submit your question.
ASK A QUESTION
(800) 424-2854
<|endofexample|>
Log In | Request Guest AccessForgot password? | Log In Help
How long does it take The Joint Commission to render an accreditation decision?
How long is an accreditation and certification award?
What can The Joint Commission release about accredited organizations?
Where can I find information about an accredited Health Care Organization?
Is accreditation or certification mandatory?
What is an accreditation survey? What happens during an accreditation survey?
What do standards focus on?
What is The Joint Commission?
Accreditation Certificates
Quality Reports
National Patient Safety Goals
Copy Approval
National Quality Improvement Goals
The Gold Seal of Approval®
Linking to the Joint Commission Website
Surveyor Quotes
Does the Joint Commission need to approve our advertisement or news release?
May we use the Joint Commission corporate logo in our publicity efforts?
May we use a quote from a Joint Commission reviewer?
May we hotlink to the Joint Commission’s Web site so our community can learn more about the importance of certification?
What is the Pantone Matching System (PMS) color of the Gold Seal®?
Does my organization have to reproduce the Gold Seal of Approval® in a four-color process in all its printed materials? That’s expensive.
What is RSS?
What is a news reader?
What is a podcatcher?
Where do I get a news reader or podcatcher?
How do I get The Joint Commission RSS feeds into my reader?
What can accreditation do for my organization?
How long does the process take?
What does it cost?
What kind of help can I expect?
What are the first steps?
How soon after I apply can I be surveyed?
What happens to my accreditation if there are changes in our organization?
How long must we be in compliance with the requirements before our first survey?
How do I register a complaint about an accredited organization?
Where can I get an accreditation manual?
How do I find out how other organizations rate with The Joint Commission?
How long does it take for immunity to develop post-vaccination?
Is it legal to gather information about reasons for declination?
Does The Joint Commission require signed influenza vaccination declination forms?
I have a family member who tested positive for H1N1 on the PCR test. They have already had the seasonal influenza vaccine and are now recovered from H1N1. Now that this person has recovered, is it still advisable for them to get the H1N1 vaccine?
What does my organization have to do about this year’s influenza season to satisfy Joint Commission requirements?
What types of organizations are eligible to be certified?
What types of organizations are not eligible for certification?
Are firms that place only independent contractors eligible for certification?
What are the benefits of health care staffing services certification for a staffing firm?
What are the benefits for health care organizations that utilize Joint Commission certified staffing firms?
Will certified health care staffing firms receive a Gold Seal of Approval™ for their businesses?
How long is the HCSS certification valid?
What are the main components of the certification process?
What is entailed in the on-site review process and how long will the review be?
Who will typically conduct the review?
How long does it take to become certified?
What should a supplemental staffing firm do to pursue certification?
What types of resources are available to help staffing firms become certified?
What are the Health Care Staffing Services certification fees?
What are “Accountability Measures?”
Why is The Joint Commission reclassifying the core measures as accountability measures and how will this help hospitals?
When will The Joint Commission begin assessing performance on accountability measures?
Have both process and outcome measures been re-categorized?
Have all measures within the 10 core measure sets been re-categorized?
Why not remove non-accountability measures from use?
How will The Joint Commission utilize accountability measures in future accreditation activities?
Will accountability measures impact current Joint Commission data uses?
Will The Joint Commission continue to categorize measures as accountable and non-accountable measures?
How many accountability measures are there?
Where can I locate additional information on accountability measures?
Of the 28 measures, how did you arrive at the list of 22?
The parameters that specify when these events are reviewable seem very high; in fact, much higher than are specified by the relevant practice guidelines and regulations. Why is that?
Does “delivery of radiotherapy” apply to radioisotope therapy or radiation producing machines, or both?
How do we go about monitoring fluoroscopy doses?
Does the term “single field” refer to the location on the skin through which the radiation is directed or the target internal organ, or both?
Is "cumulative" defined as a life-time dose?
What, exactly, is intended by “any delivery of radiotherapy to the wrong region”? Are even minor variations in the field considered sentinel events?
Does the phrase “>25% above the planned dose” refer to the total planned dose or a single (fractionated) dose?
Are we now required to keep track of the cumulative fluoroscopy dose for all patients having fluoroscopy exams and report when they have a cumulative dose of 1500 rads?
Sometimes a needle or screw will break leaving a fragment behind. Is this a reviewable sentinel event?
What about a retained sponge following vaginal delivery?
When, exactly, is “after surgery?"
Why was this particular point in the process selected as the definition of “after surgery?"
Is there an additional cost involved with S3?
Will the concept of S3 be adapted for organizations other than hospitals?
What is S3?
Why was S3 developed?
What are some of the benefits of S3?
Do we need to provide The Joint Commission with more data for S3?
How do we access these reports? How often do we receive them?
Will this data be made available to the public?
Is S3 available for all hospitals?
What is the source of the data provided by S3?
What is included in S3?
How often will I receive invoices?
When is payment due?
Is there a payment plan?
What is the cost of accreditation or certification?
How much is the deposit I need to send with my application?
I received my invoice invoice today. Has my deposit been deducted from the amount of my invoice?
Do I need to send full payment with my application?
Can I pay my deposit, annual fee or on-site fee by credit card?
Whom should we list as the payee on the check and what is the mailing address?
How are fees determined?
What if I should decide to withdraw from the process?
If I do not pay my annual fee, will my accreditation or certification expire when I am due for my next on-site survey or review?
How can I access my extranet to download billing information?
What is the Top Performers on Key Quality Measures® program?
How does the Top Performers on Key Quality Measures program work?
What eligibility criteria are used to determine if an organization is a Top Performer?
Do hospitals need to submit an application to be considered for the Top Performer on Key Quality Measures program?
What does it mean if a hospital is not on the list?
How many hospitals are being recognized as Top Performers and what are the demographics?
When did The Joint Commission launch its Top Performers recognition program?
My hospital was at 95 percent on all the measures in a particular set, yet we didn’t get recognized. How could that happen?
My hospital was at 95 percent for all the measures in a particular set, yet while we were recognized for other sets, we didn’t get recognized for this particular set. Why didn’t we get recognized for this set?
Why did The Joint Commission launch this program?
How can those organizations that did not make the list improve their performance?
Why are you announcing Top Performers now, when the data are from care delivered back in 2011?
Psychiatric hospitals have been reporting inpatient psychiatric services measures for some time. Are these hospitals eligible for the Top Performer designation?
What about rehabilitation hospitals?
Is the multiple antipsychotic medications measure included in the composite for the inpatient psychiatric services measure set? If so, how?
What is the time frame covered for including the influenza vaccination measure (in the pneumonia measure set) in the calculations for Top Performer recognition?
Who do I contact if I have a question about our organization’s data?
Why are some well-known hospitals and medical centers expected to be recognized as Top Performers not on the list?
What is an accountability measure?
Why has it taken 10 years to go up less than 10 percentage points on the heart attack care measures?
What changes have been made starting with the 2011 data?
Why were 162 of the 406 hospitals recognized last year as Top Performers not recognized this year?
Who did you involve in the redesign process?
Are more for-profit hospitals than not-for-profit hospitals on the Top Performers list?
What is new for the Top Performers on Key Quality Measures?
Why did The Joint Commission reinvent the Long Term Care accreditation program?
How has the Long Term Care Accreditation program changed?
What’s the benefit to my organization to achieve certification?
What are the eligibility requirements for accreditation and specialty certification?
How do you define Rehabilitation and Advanced Care services?
My facility is already accredited with The Joint Commission for LTC, what does mean to me?
I’m a current customer, and am interested in achieving the new certification--Can we add it at any point during the accreditation cycle?
Can I choose to pursue certification without accreditation?
What are the compliance track record requirements for the new accreditation and certification standards?
What are the compliance track record requirements for the new accreditation and certification standards?
What happens if my organization doesn’t “pass” the certification, does it impact my accreditation status?
If we achieve certification, will we receive a separate certificate along with our accreditation certificate?
Will there be performance measurement requirements for the new accreditation and certification?
What’s the cost?.
See the following:
Joint Commission Quality Reports give the public information on the safety and quality of care at the more than 18,000 accredited health care organizations. Quality Reports are available online through Quality Check® at qualitycheck.org. Quality Reports include:
No. Health care organizations, programs, and services voluntarily pursue accreditation and certification.
Joint Commission surveyors visit accredited health care organizations a minimum of once every 39 months (two years for laboratories) to evaluate standards compliance. This visit is called a survey. All regular Joint Commission accreditation surveys are unannounced.
Joint Commission surveyors are highly trained experts who are doctors, nurses, hospital administrators, laboratory medical technologists, and other health care professionals. The Joint Commission is the only health care accrediting body that requires its surveyors be certified.
During the survey, surveyors select patients randomly and use their medical records as a roadmap to evaluate standards compliance. As surveyors trace a patient’s experience in a health care organization, they talk to the doctors, nurses, and other staff who interacted with the patient. Surveyors also observe doctors and nurses providing care, and often speak to the patients themselves.
Joint Commission accreditation does not begin and end with the on-site survey. It is a continuous process. Every time a nurse double-checks a patient’s identification before administering a medication, every time a surgical team calls a" time out" to verify they agree they’re about to perform the correct procedure, at the correct site, on the correct patient, they live and breathe the accreditation process. Every three months, hospitals submit data to the Joint Commission on how they treat conditions such as heart attack care and pneumonia – data that is available to the public and updated quarterly on qualitycheck.org. Every year, organizations evaluate their ongoing standards compliance through a periodic performance review. Joint Commission accreditation is woven into the fabric of a health care organization’s operations..
Founded in 1951, The Joint Commission seeks to continuously improve the safety and quality of care provided to the public through the provision of health care accreditation and related services that support performance improvement in health care organizations. The Joint Commission evaluates and accredits more than.
Q. Who should our organization contact to obtain our certificate of accreditation? And what if we want to obtain additional copies?
A. Each organization receives one free certificate of accreditation. If you have questions about your certificate or wish to order additional copies contact Business Coordinator Jean Sponzilli, at (630) 792-5862.
Q. How often and under what circumstances will the Quality Report change?
A. The accreditation, demographic and National Patient Safety Goal information will be updated when there are changes. The National Quality Improvement Goal information for hospitals is updated quarterly.
Q. Can my organization “hotlink” to Quality Report on the Quality Check Web site?
A. Yes. Each Quality Report has a unique URL that will display in your web browser’s address bar. If your organization has questions about this, please contact Internet/Intranet Communications Manager Frank Barancyk, at (630) 792-5182.
Q. What are National Patient Safety Goals and why are they important?
A. National Patient Safety Goals are a series of specific actions that accredited organizations are required to take in order to prevent medical errors such as miscommunication among caregivers, unsafe use of infusion pumps, and medication mix-ups. A panel of national safety experts has determined that taking these simple, proven steps will reduce the frequency of devastating medical errors.
Q. Does the Joint Commission need to approve my organization’s advertisement or news release?
A. No. Your organization is not required to send its ad or news release to the Joint Commission. However, our Department of Communications will be happy to review your promotional materials and answer any questions you may have. If your organization has questions, please contact Speakers Bureau and Professional Relations Coordinator Denise Tucker at (630) 792-5633.
Q. Hospital X got a minus on a measure – what does that mean?
A. A Minus is used to show that the hospital has performed below the target range/value. Using statistical formulas, the individual hospital’s result is compared to the target range/value. If the hospital result for the measure/measure set was statistically below the target range/value, the hospital receives a Minus.
Q. Hospital X got a check mark on a measure – what does that mean?
A. A Check is used to show that the hospital has performed the same as the target range/value. Using statistical formulas, the individual hospital’s result is compared to the target range/value. If the hospital result for the measure/measure set was statistically similar to the target range/value, the hospital receives a Check.
Q. Hospital X got a plus on a measure – what does that mean?
A. A Plus is used to show that the hospital has performed better than the target range/value. Using statistical formulas, the individual hospital’s result is compared to the target range/value. If the hospital result for the measure/measure set was statistically better than the target range/value, the hospital receives a Plus.
Q. Hospital X got a star on a measure – what does that mean?
A. A star means that for that measure, the hospital achieved the best compliance possible with that measure.
Q. Is Hospital Y better than Hospital X because it got a plus on a measure and Hospital X did not?
A. Not necessarily. The measures are reported on one specific aspect of care. The care patients receive at a hospital depends on many different factors. The Quality Report is one tool to assist individuals in selecting health care services. Individuals should discuss the Quality Report and its contents with their health care providers to help them make informed choices.
Q. What is the Pantone Matching System (PMS) color of the Gold Seal of Approval® ?
A. The Gold Seal of Approval® is reproduced using a four-color process. A one-color version of the Gold Seal of Approval® is available in the online version of this publicity kit. The one-color version uses Pantone color 117.
Q. May our organization hotlink to the Joint Commission’s Website so our community can learn more about the importance of accreditation?
A. Yes, your organization may link to the Joint Commission’s home page,. If your organization has questions about this, please contact the Associate Director of Web Communications Frank Barancyk, at (630) 792-5182 .
Q. May our organization use a quote from a Joint Commission surveyor?
A. No. Your organization may not use verbal or written quotes from a Joint Commission surveyor or survey team. Sample news releases are included in this publicity kit and quotes from Joint Commission Executive Directors are provided that may be used in your organization’s promotional materials. Your organization may talk about the survey process in general, such as the composition of the survey team, the number of days the surveyors were on-site, and the scope of the review.
No. Your organization is not required to send its ad or news release to The Joint Commission. However, the Joint Commission’s Department of Communications will be happy to review your organization’s promotional materials and answer any questions. If your organization has questions, please contact Speakers Bureau and Professional Relations Coordinator Denise Tucker, at (630) 792-5633 or dtucker@jointcommission.org.
No. Remind your organization’s key audiences to look for the Joint Commission’s Gold Seal of Approval® when selecting Disease-Specific Care and Health Care Staffing Services.
No. Your organization may not use verbal or written quotes from a Joint Commission reviewer. Sample news releases are included in this publicity kit that provide quotes from Joint Commission executive directors that may be used in your organization’s promotional materials. Your organization may talk about the on-site review process in general, such as the composition of the review team, the number of days the reviewers were on-site, and the scope of the review.
Yes, your organization may link to the Joint Commission’s home page,. If there are questions about this, please contact Internet/Intranet Communications Manager, Frank Barancyk, at (630) 792-5182 or fbarancyk@jointcommission.org.
The Gold Seal of Approval® is reproduced using a four-color process. A one-color version of the Gold Seal of Approval® is available in the online version of this publicity kit. It uses PMS 117.
No. Your organization may use any color on printed materials (defined to include newspaper advertisements, Yellow Page listings, stationery, business cards, fliers, brochures, newsletters, posters, tent cards and promotional items such as coffee mugs and T-shirts). A special line-art version of the Gold Seal of Approval® may be downloaded from The Joint Commission Web site.
RSS, Rich Site Summary or Really Simple Syndication, is a method of distributing news headlines and other content on the Web.
A news reader combines content from many Web sources and for display.
A podcatcher is an application you can use to subscribe to podcasts; the podcatcher automatically downloads podcasts as they are posted to a site. Podcatchers can also transfer downloaded podcast files to a portable media player.
There are many free readers and podcatchers that display RSS available on the internet.
Simply paste the RSS link into a news reader or podcatcher.
Accreditation is a periodic external evaluation by recognized experts that provides impartial evidence of the quality of care, treatment or services delivered to the individuals you serve.
Preparing for accreditation affords your organization the opportunity for an in-depth review of safety and care delivery processes. Achieving accreditation is a visible demonstration to those you serve, their families, your staff and community of your organization’s ongoing commitment to safe, high quality care, treatment or services.
How long you take to get ready for accreditation is up to you. You can move forward at your own pace. Most Joint Commission accredited organizations take about 4-6 months to evaluate themselves and/or establish new policies and procedures before they are ready for their survey. As the application for accreditation is good for 12 months, this gives you time to review the accreditation requirements and make sure your organization is ready before our surveyor(s) arrive. Also, your first survey is a “scheduled” one, which means you’ll know the exact date we’ll be arriving – and that date will be based on when you tell us you think you’ll be ready.
A Joint Commission accreditation period is three years. We divide your fees across this three year period using an annual fee. There is also a survey fee in the first year, as that is when we incur the most costs to send surveyor(s) to visit you. So you’ll pay about 60% of your total accreditation costs in the first year and about 20% each the next two years. All costs are included in those fees, so there are no extra charges for surveyor travel, etc. As an example, a small organization would pay about $1,689 in annual fees every year, plus a survey fee of around $2,835 in the year we do the on-site survey.
Your actual cost will depend on several factors such as the number of locations you have and the volume of individuals you serve. You can get an estimate by calling (630) 792-5115; or you can calculate it yourself by using our pricing worksheet available on this web page.
We understand that the road to accreditation often has its challenges, but we also offer a wide variety of resources to assist you. These include a Behavioral Health Accreditation Team for the early steps, such as helping you find a mentor organization to talk to; a dedicated Account Executive for your organization, who will help you through the application and pre-survey process; and a Standards Help Desk, just to help clarify and answer questions about the accreditation requirements. You’ll find their contact information under “Quick Links,” or see the Resource Directory in our “Guide to Joint Commission Behavioral Health Accreditation,” also available on this web page.
The first step for most organizations is to contact us to get free trial access to our accreditation requirements, and to use the sorting feature(s) to determine which of the requirements in the manual you’ll need to be in compliance with by the time of survey. This will let you conduct an analysis to see how close you are to compliance with the requirements and give you an idea of how much preparation time you’ll need. You may also wish to review our “Guide to Joint Commission Behavioral Health Accreditation,” available on this web page, which explains the accreditation process in depth.
The key issue is when you feel you will be ready for your survey. A new organization will need to be surveyed within 12 months of submitting their application and deposit. But we will do our best to schedule your survey on or after the month you indicate on the application as your “ready date”. We also allow you to tell us specific dates when you don’t want us to come. Most organizations request to be surveyed 3-9 months after they have submitted their application, to give themselves time to prepare. But we can also be responsive to short turn-around times for those who wish to be surveyed quickly.
If there are major changes at your organization, such as a merger, acquisition, or other major change in services/programs provided, location(s), capacity, or corporate structure, you’ll need to contact us within 30 days. We do not automatically transfer accreditation to new owners. Usually, we will extend your accreditation until we can determine if the change is major enough to warrant a special extension survey. Failure to notify us of major changes to your organization can result in a loss of accreditation.
The Joint Commission does not require a “track record” for Behavioral Health Care organizations. We do expect that you will be in compliance with all the accreditation requirements by the time of your survey, but we will not review previous compliance.
If you or anyone else wishes to register a complaint about an accredited organization, complete our online “Quality Incident Report Form”, or call 800-994-6610.
They are available for purchase on our sister-site,. A complimentary copy will also be sent to your organization upon receipt of your application and a deposit towards your accreditation fees, and we also offer a free trial of our online accreditation manual to anyone who is interested in reviewing the requirements prior to sending in their application. If you are considering behavioral health accreditation and would like a free trial of our online accreditation manual, please call us at (630) 792-5771.
Visit, where you can search our database for a complete listing of all Joint Commission accredited organizations, and review their latest quality reports.
According to the CDC, once you get vaccinated, your body makes protective antibodies in about two weeks. However, children younger than 9 years old who are being vaccinated for the first time need a second dose 4 or more weeks later in order to be protected.
CDC has stated that the ability of the seasonal flu vaccine to protect a person depends on at least two things: 1) the age and health of the person getting the vaccine, and 2) the similarity or ''match'' between the virus strains in the vaccine and those being spread in the community. Keep in mind that vaccine effectiveness is not 100%, and some people can still get the flu. For instance, some older people and people with certain chronic illnesses might develop less immunity than healthy young adults after vaccination. However, even for these high-risk individuals, the seasonal flu vaccine still can provide protection against getting severe complications from seasonal flu.
The Joint Commission requires in standard IC.02.04.01 that the hospital ''annually evaluates vaccination rates and the reasons given for declining the influenza vaccination''. How the hospital chooses to collect that information, whether through signed declinations, staff surveys, focus groups or other means is up to the individual hospital.
However the organization chooses to collect that information, the organization should evaluate their compliance with HIPAA, state law and organizational policy. That said, there is a difference between asking for personal information and compelling people to answer personal information. Making sure that individuals are given information about why you are gathering this information, what it will be used for and giving them an option not to provide personal information is undoubtedly a good practice.
No. The Joint Commission does not require declinations from individuals refusing influenza vaccination. For Critical Access Hospitals, Hospitals, and Long Term Care facilities, the Joint Commission does require that organizations collect and evaluate reasons health care workers do not get vaccinated in order to improve the organization’s health care worker influenza program. It does benefit ALL health care settings to understand why their health care workers do not get vaccinated in order to protect their patients, residents, or individuals served. However, the CDC’s Interim Guidance on Infection Control Measures for 2009 H1N1 Influenza in Healthcare Settings, Including Protection of Healthcare Personnel posted on October 14, 2009, states
To improve adherence, vaccination should be offered to healthcare personnel free of charge and during working hours. Vaccination campaigns with incentives such as lotteries with prizes should be considered. Healthcare facilities should require personnel who refuse vaccination to complete a declination form. (Accessed 10/16/09)
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) will also be releasing further guidance within the next several weeks. View the OSHA statement from October 14, 2009. (Accessed 10/16/09).
If they have laboratory confirmation of H1N1 influenza, CDC recommends there is no need for vaccination. Again, the important point is laboratory confirmed H1N1.
Critical Access Hospitals, Hospitals, and Long Term Care facilities have a standard specific to Healthcare Worker Influenza Vaccination Programs (See standard IC.02.04.01). Other health care settings, such as Ambulatory Care, Home Health Care, Laboratory, and Behavioral Health Care (for example, day care and residential) settings do not have specific standards; however, as part of their infection prevention and control activities these organizations need to assess their risks and take actions to protect their patients and health care workers (See standards IC.01.03.01 and IC.02.01.01).
In 2006, The Joint Commission announced a new infection control standard requiring accredited hospitals, critical access hospitals, and long term care facilities to offer influenza vaccinations to health care workers, including licensed independent practitioners and volunteers. The Joint Commission developed the standard in response to recommendations by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) making the reduction of influenza transmission from health care professionals to patients a top priority in the United States.
The Joint Commission standard IC.02.04.01 requires Critical Access Hospitals, Hospitals, and Long Term Care facilities to do the following:
Health care staffing services are eligible for Joint Commission certification if they:.
Certification is awarded for two years. The review will be based on:
The certification process will consist primarily of two key elements – compliance with set standards and performance measurement.
A standard is a statement that defines the performance expectations, structures, or processes that must be substantially in place in an organization or service to enhance quality of care. For more information see Standard FAQs.
Performance measurement in health care represents what is done and how well it is done. Performance measurement utilizes performance measures, which are quantitative tools (known as measures or indicators) that are reported as a rate, ratio or percentage. A performance measure provides an indication of an organization’s or service’s performance in relation to a specified process or outcome. 30:
An on-site review, which allows the Joint Commission to evaluate factors relevant to the certification process
Organizations wishing to become certified should contact the Joint Commission at 630.792.5291 to request access to the electronic.
Accountability measures are quality measures that meet four criteria that produce the greatest positive impact on patient outcomes when hospitals demonstrate improvement on them.
The criteria for classifying accountability measures include:
These criteria are based on The Joint Commission’s experience implementing and evaluating the outcomes of quality measures for more than a decade. The criteria provide a more rational approach to the process of collecting and reporting quality data.
The Joint Commission wants to help hospitals improve performance on accountability measures in an effort to promote excellence in the delivery of care and maximize health outcomes, and in anticipation of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services incentive payments that become effective in 2013. The Joint Commission will eliminate measures that do not work well, include performance on accountability measures in accreditation standards and include only accountability measures in the ORYX program.:
The Joint Commission will actively engage the field to determine how performance on the accountability measures will be assessed. Performance assessment on accountability measures will not begin before January 1, 2012.
Based upon The Joint Commission’s experience with standardized hospital quality measures, the conceptual framework for the categorization of the current measures was limited. It focused on process measures because they account for the majority of the measures currently in use. Since outcome measures have additional scientific challenges surrounding the need for case mix adjustment, additional criteria for evaluation need to be established.
Evaluation of the measures currently used for public reporting purposes is complete. The Joint Commission is now evaluating the remaining sets of hospital core measures that meet ORYX performance measure reporting requirements (e.g., perinatal care and hospital based inpatient psychiatric services).
Measures that do not meet the accountability measures criteria can still prove to be a valuable source of information to hospitals. These measures are also currently used by other initiatives as standardized performance measures for assessing and reporting on hospital performance.
The Joint Commission currently is considering a variety of innovative approaches to integrating hospital performance on the accountability measures into its survey and accreditation activities. To promote improved performance on accountability measures, and help hospitals prepare for the increasing reliance on attaining high performance on quality measures. The Joint Commission will be engaging accredited hospitals through focus groups and online surveys over the next few months.
As of March 2010, accountability measures have already been integrated into the information reported on Quality Check.™ Starting with the third quarter 2009 core measure data, only accountability measures are being used to calculate the overall performance rate for each measure set. However, the categorization of the measures into accountability and non-accountability measures will not affect individual measure information reported on Quality Check. Accountability measures also will be integrated into the Priority Focus Process and The Joint Commission’s Strategic Surveillance System (S3) Performance Risk Assessment beginning with the July release of the S3 Performance Risk Assessment. In these tools, accountability measures will be weighted differently (i.e., higher) than non-accountability measures. When a hospital’s performance on an accountability measure is determined to be unsatisfactory, one (1) point will continue to be assigned to each of the related Priority Focus Areas (PFAs) and Clinical/Service Groups (CSGs). When performance on a non-accountability measure is determined to be unsatisfactory, 0.33 point will be assigned to each of the related PFAs and CSGs.
In the future, The Joint Commission will only adopt accountability measures for use in its ORYX initiative.
The Joint Commission has classified 22 of its 28 hospital core measures as accountability measures. These measures are aligned with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services measures and include the children’s asthma care measures which are reported on the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Hospital Compare Web site. For a list of both the accountability and non-accountability measures see the June 23, 2010 special issue of Joint Commission Online.
Additional information on accountability measures can be found in the June 23, 2010 special issue of Joint Commission Online and the June 23, 2010 on-line issue of the New England Journal of Medicine, “Accountability Measures: Using Measurement to Promote Quality Improvement.” Additional information will be posted on The Joint Commission’s Web site and in the August 2010 issue of Joint Commission Perspectives.
All 28 measures were vetted against the four evaluation criteria. To learn more about the criteria and which of the six measures did not meet the criteria for accountability measures, see the June 23, 2010 online issue of the New England Journal of Medicine, “Accountability Measures: Using Measurement to Promote Quality Improvement,” of which Mark R. Chassin, M.D., M.P.P., M.P.H., president, The Joint Commission, is the lead author.
It is important to recognize that the purpose of the Sentinel Event Policy is to promote improvement
in patient safety, not to regulate practice. The parameters defining these sentinel events were
intentionally selected to identify only the most extreme cases—those that should never occur. On
those rare occasions when these limits are reached, it is clear that a root cause analysis is appropriate
to identify the systems factors that allowed such a significant variation to occur. This is in contrast to
practice guidelines and regulations that set limits on the acceptable range of practice variation.
It applies to both.
Most fluoroscopic x-ray equipment can provide an estimate of the total (cumulative) dose that would
have resulted to a point on the skin if the x-ray beam was stationary during the complete procedure.
Such an estimate is derived from the fluoroscopic technique factors and the total fluoroscopic
exposure time, including any image recording, or from built-in dosimetry systems found on some
newer equipment. However, these systems, known as dose-area-product meters (DAP meters) or
some similar term, do not directly provide skin dose information without further knowledge of the
sizes of the x-ray beam during the entire procedure. The relationship between cumulative skin dose
and peak skin dose is highly variable, as has been demonstrated in a number of publications.
However, for purposes of estimating peak dose, one could establish a “trigger” for reporting peak
skin dose based on a fraction, say 75%, of the cumulative skin dose. Further recommendations for
monitoring, recording and patient follow-up for high dose imaging procedures are available from the
FDA at.
As it relates to fluoroscopy, the specification of “1500 rads to a single field” refers to a location on
the skin through which the fluoroscopic beam is directed. The issue here is the magnitude of the dose
to that portion of the skin that receives the maximum or peak skin dose. This may be the situation
that results from using several different x-ray beam projections or fields-of-view whose beam areas
on the patient’s skin overlap in a specific location to produce a region of highest radiation dose. In
fluoroscopically-guided interventional procedures, many different projections or x-ray beam
directions are often used, with many overlapping fields-of-view or imaged areas.
No; monitoring “life-time dose” is neither practical nor necessary with respect to fluoroscopic
procedures. While tissue damage from radiation is dependent on the total (cumulative) dose
delivered over time, we recognize that skin sensitivity is, to a degree, repairable and that monitoring
cumulative dose over a period of six months to a year would be reasonable.
The intent here is the same as requiring a root cause analysis for a wrong site surgery. The fact of a
wrong site delivery of radiotherapy carries implications of system problems that should be
understood and, as appropriate, redesigned. With regard to “minor variations,” it is recognized that
as with any process, there will be some degree of common cause variation, which is within the range
of acceptability for that procedure. Any variation from the intended field of treatment that is within
the range considered by the medical physics community as acceptable would not be considered by
the Joint Commission to be a reviewable sentinel event. A variation greater than that, i.e., a special
cause variation, should be managed as a sentinel event. Additional detail on this topic is available
from the NRC for radiopharmaceuticals and the FDA for radiation-generating equipment.
It refers to the total planned dose.
This new “reviewable sentinel event” does not mandate any measurement activities that are not
expected as part of the usual standard of practice for fluoroscopy and radiotherapy. One of the main
reasons for adding this event to the Joint Commission’s list of reviewable sentinel events was to
raise awareness of the severity of the associated outcomes—often overlooked or unrecognized
because of the delay in their appearance. That said, routine monitoring of the parameters identified
in this new sentinel event definition would be an appropriate patient safety precaution. edit
In some cases, a broken needle or screw fragment is recognized at the time of surgery and
a clinical judgment is made to leave the fragment in the patient. That decision is based on
an assessment of the relative risks of leaving it in versus removing it. It would therefore
not be considered an unintentionally retained foreign object.
A retained sponge after a vaginal delivery is a reviewable sentinel event. The new
language in the definition of reviewable sentinel events is, “Unintended retention of a
foreign object in a patient after surgery or other procedure.” Note that it says “other
procedure” not “other invasive procedure.” Vaginal delivery in the hospital is not an
“invasive” procedure, but it is a procedure. More to the point, a retained sponge in this
circumstance is indicative of the same underlying systemic problems that could cause
other “retained foreign body” situations.
“After surgery” is any time after completion of the skin closure; even if the patient is still
in the OR under anesthesia.
The decision to define “after surgery” as the completion of skin closure was based on the
premise that a failure to identify and correct an unintended retention of a foreign object
prior to that point in the procedure represents a significant system failure, which requires
analysis and redesign. It also places the patient at additional risk by virtue of extending
the surgical procedure and time under anesthesia.
No. S3 is provided at no additional cost and serves as a value-added benefit for our accredited customers.
The goal is to eventually spread this concept of S3 to all of The Joint Commission’s accreditation programs
S.
There are several benefits to S3..
S3 uses data The Joint Commission currently has, which includes past survey findings, ORYX® core measure data, data from the Office of Quality Monitoring (complaints and non-self reported sentinel events), data from an organization’s electronic application, and HCAHPS data.
S3 is a suite of information tools. The first available tool within the S3 application is the Performance Risk Assessment (PRA) tool. This tool assesses potential internal system opportunities and undertake opportunities for improvement, set priorities for attention.
We will electronically invoice your organization’s fees. Annual fees will be sent to your extranet in January of each year. The on site survey/review billing will be posted to your extranet approximately 1-5 days following event completion.
Regardless of survey or review findings, payment is due upon receipt of your invoice.
Please contact our Collections Coordinator at (630) 792-5192 for further details.
All organizations will be electronically billed an annual fee. As a returning customer, you will be able to locate estimated fees on your extranet. New customers may call the Pricing Unit at (630) 792-5115 or send an e-mail message to: Pricingunit@jointcommission.org to request a fee estimate.
No deposit is required for current customers. New customers must remit a $1,700 non-refundable, non-transferable deposit for all Accreditation and HCSS Certification Programs. New customers seeking DSC certification that are already currently accredited by The Joint Commission are not required to submit a deposit.
The deposit is not deducted from the invoice amount you received. All open deposits are reflected on the lower part of your invoice. A deposit (credit) balance will be applied to your invoice within 72 hours of billing and will be reflected on your subscription billing site. Please call us at 630-792-5662, if you have questions regarding your deposit.
No. As an initial customer, only a deposit is required. A new customer’s annual fee is based on the calendar quarter when the application is submitted. Accreditation and Certification on-site fees are generally invoiced 1-5 days following event completion.
Yes. You may pay your deposit online by navigating to the “What’s Due” tab on the extranet, then select “Pay my Deposit”. All billing may be paid directly from your extranet’s subscription billing site. The Joint Commission accepts Visa, MasterCard, AMEX, Discover and electronic check payments. Please call us at (630) 792-5662 if you need assistance or wish to make payment over the telephone.
Checks for deposits, annual and on site fees should be made payable to: The Joint Commission. Invoice and customer numbers are listed in the upper right portion of our invoice documents. Please write your invoice number on your remittance stub or on the memo line of your check. Mail your payments to:
The Joint Commission
P. O. Box 92775
Chicago, IL 60675-2775
The Joint Commission
P. O. Box 92775
Chicago, IL 60675-2775
In general, accreditation annual fees are based on the programs/services/volumes and sites where you provide service. Certification annual fees are based on the number of diseases and types of certification. On-site fees are generally based on the number of surveyors or reviewers and total days spent at your site(s). We publish the upcoming year's pricing schedule on the extranet in December, each year.
Annual fees are non-refundable and non-transferable. On-site fees are billed for surveys or reviews performed. In addition, an organization will be assessed a 1-day per surveyor fee for each accreditation program if the organization refuses a survey or review when the team arrives on-site.
Payment for annual fees is due upon receipt of your invoice. Failure to make payment will result in a denial of accreditation or certification. Delinquent accounts may be forwarded to our collection agency and the accreditation denial status will appear on Quality Check.
Your CEO and Billing Contact will be provided with a login and password to your organization's extranet. Copies of invoices prior to 2006 will not be available on your extranet site. In addition, if you selected paper invoices for mailing, your invoices will also not display on the extranet.
The Joint Commission’s Top Performers on Key Quality Measures program recognizes accredited hospitals that attain excellence in accountability measure performance. Recognition in the program is based on an aggregation of accountability measure data reported to The Joint Commission during the previous calendar year. This year’s recognition program is based on data that were reported for 2011. The data report on evidence-based clinical processes that are shown to be the best treatments for certain conditions, including heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, surgical care, children’s asthma care, inpatient psychiatric services, venous thromboembolism (VTE), and stroke.
As follows:
Inclusion on the list is based on an aggregation of accountability measure data reported to The Joint Commission during the previous calendar year. For example, this year’s program is based on data that were reported for 2011.
Top Performers target for every accountability measure for which it reports data to The Joint Commission, excluding any measures with less than 30 eligible cases or patients. For more information, see the section below on eligibility criteria.
Top Performers are notified of their recognition approximately one week before the publication of The Joint Commission’s annual report.
Top Performers receive a certificate of recognition and are recognized on The Joint Commission’s Quality Check website, and in the “Improving America’s Hospitals” annual report.
The following is the specific eligibility criteria for Joint Commission-accredited hospitals reporting data during 2011 on one or more core measure sets with accountability measures. There are two levels of evaluation criteria: the first for recognition designation; and the second for individual core measure set designation.
Eligibility criteria for recognition designation (both criteria must be met)
Criteria 1: Reported accountability measure composite rate is greater than or equal to 95 percent.
Divide the sum of all the reported accountability measure numerators by the sum of all the reported accountability measure denominators. This calculation must meet or exceed 95 percent.
Criteria 2: Reported accountability measure rates for each individual measure are greater than or equal to 95 percent.
For each individual reported accountability measure, divide the numerator by the denominator. Each of these calculations must meet or exceed 95 percent.
Eligibility criteria for individual core measure set designation (both criteria must be met for each core measure set to be independently considered)
Criteria 1: Reported composite rate for all accountability measures within a particular core measure set is greater than or equal to 95 percent.
Using only the accountability measures within a particular measure set, divide the sum of all the reported numerators by the sum of all the reported denominators. This calculation must meet or exceed 95 percent.
Criteria 2: Reported accountability measure rates for each individual measure within the core measure set are greater than or equal to 95 percent.
For each individual reported accountability measure within a particular core measure set, divide the numerator by the denominator. Each of these calculations must meet or exceed 95 percent.
No, hospitals are not required to send in an application. Eligibility is determined using data that hospitals already transmit to The Joint Commission through the ORYX® program. Critical access hospitals that elect to report accountability measure data to The Joint Commission are also eligible. Recognition as a Top Performer is based on the total number of accountability measures reported by each hospital, regardless of whether the hospital transmits data on one measure set or several measure sets. Also, each year’s recipients are identified using the previous year’s ORYX data. The recipients honored in 2012 were selected based on data they submitted for 2011.
This year (which is 2012, but is for data submitted in calendar year 2011), 620 hospitals are being honored as Top Performers on Key Quality Measures. Of that number, 26 percent are rural hospitals, 45 percent are non-profit hospitals, and 49 percent have between 100 and 300 beds. Major teaching hospitals account for 5 percent of the recipients, and 5 percent are critical access hospitals.
The program launched in September 2011. Recognition of Top Performers occurs in the fall of each year and coincides with the publication of The Joint Commission’s “Improving America’s Hospitals” annual report.
There may be one or more reasons for this. Although you may have 95 percent in a particular measure set, you may have failed to achieve 95 percent on the composite; or, you may have failed to achieve 95 percent on each and every reported accountability measure in the measure set.
You may have failed to collect data for four calendar quarters for the measures within that particular measure set; or, you may have had fewer than 30 total cases for the measures associated with that particular set.
Excellent care is something all patients expect and deserve and all hospitals work to achieve. It is not an easy goal to reach; it takes the knowledge, teamwork and dedication of the entire hospital staff. To help hospitals achieve this goal, The Joint Commission has undertaken a multifaceted accountability measures initiative that seeks to enhance patient care by helping hospitals improve their performance on key measures and identify target areas for improvement. The Joint Commission launched this initiative – the Top Performers on Key Quality Measures program – to honor those hospitals that consistently demonstrate excellent performance on evidence-based process of care measures. This program is intended to encourage hospitals to consistently improve their performance on accountability measures by publicly recognizing those that ultimately achieve excellence in this arena.
The Joint Commission has taken many steps to help hospitals improve their performance on accountability measures, including integrating accountability measures into the accreditation standards (effective January 1, 2012), redesigning the ORYX performance measure reports, and making changes to the S3 program and the Priority Focus Process. Also, in April 2011, The Joint Commission launched its Core Measure Solution Exchange™, a web-based platform where accredited organizations can share practices and proven tools related to improving performance on core measures. The Exchange is an interactive forum designed to facilitate peer-to-peer communication. For organizations that have worked to improve their core measure performance, it is an opportunity to share their success and be recognized for their accomplishments. For organizations looking to improve, it is an opportunity to see what their peers have tried and what has actually worked. The Exchange is available via your organization’s Joint Commission Connect extranet under Quality Improvement Tools. If you need access to your organization’s Connect extranet, talk to your accreditation account executive or your organization’s accreditation liaison.
There is typically a six month delay from the time the hospital collects and submits the data to the performance measurement system and it is then received by The Joint Commission.
This year, freestanding psychiatric hospitals or hospitals with inpatient psychiatric units are being recognized as Top Performers for the first time. Reporting on the inpatient psychiatric services measure set was not required until January 2011, so 2011 was the first year that these data became available for the Top Performer program designation.
Rehabilitation hospitals are not eligible for Top Performer designation at this time. Currently, rehabilitation hospitals do not submit data on core measures, which include measures designated as accountability measures. Rather, they submit data on what are known as non-core measures. However, effective January 1, 2013, The Joint Commission will suspend ORYX performance measure reporting requirements for accredited inpatient rehabilitation facilities (IRFs). It is The Joint Commission’s intent to support and build upon the emerging national measurement priorities and the move to the use of standardized federally mandated performance measures for IRFs (when those measures are identified and implemented).
For the multiple antipsychotic medications measure (HBIPS-4), improvement is indicated by a decrease in the rate. In calculating the accountability composite, it is important that all of the individual measures indicate improvement in the same direction. For this measure, where a decrease in the rate is desired, the number of denominator cases minus the number of numerator cases will be used in the accountability composite. This converts the rate so that it can be used in the composite with the majority of accountability measures where an increase in the rate is desired.
Seasonal measures, such as immunizations, are included if two calendar quarters of data exist for the calendar year under consideration. For example, for the influenza vaccination measure (PN-7), the denominator includes patients discharged during October, November, December, January, February, or March. The quarters that would have to exist within the calendar year would be both the first quarter (January, February, and March) and the fourth quarter (October, November, and December).
First, we encourage you to contact your performance measurement system. You may also send an e-mail to topperformersprogram@jointcommission.org or call (630) 792-5085.
The Top Performers program uses evidence-based performance measures that have undergone rigorous development and testing to ensure data integrity. These measures cover eight conditions: heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, surgical care, children’s asthma, inpatient psychiatric services, venous thromboembolism (VTE), and stroke. Other recognition programs or hospital comparisons may use other measures, metrics, or data, or rely on a hospital’s reputation as a determination of achievement.
In 2010, The Joint Commission began categorizing its process performance measures into accountability and non-accountability measures. The approach places more emphasis on an organization’s performance on accountability measures – quality measures that meet four criteria designed to identify measures that produce the greatest positive impact on patient outcomes when hospitals demonstrate improvement: research, proximity, accuracy and adverse effects. Non-accountability measures are suitable for secondary uses, such as exploration or learning within individual health care organizations, and are good advice in terms of appropriate patient care. Going forward, The Joint Commission is only adopting accountability measures for its ORYX program. For more information, see Facts about accountability measures.
The heart attack care core measure set started out at a relatively higher rate than other measure sets. This may be best described as a ceiling effect, with improvement more challenging for some organizations because of the already high rate.
Although the physical restraint (HBIPS-2) and seclusion (HBIPS-3) measures in the inpatient psychiatric services measure set are accountability measures, they have been excluded from the Top Performer calculation since they are both ratio measures (i.e., calculations only include process measures reported as proportions). Ratio measures do not reflect the number of people (as for proportion measures), but rather the number of psychiatric inpatient days. The number of inpatient days in the denominator is usually a large number, so including it in the composite would unduly weight the composite toward ratio measures.
Additionally, the multiple antipsychotic medication measure (HBIPS-4) is a measure where a decrease in the rate is the desirable direction of improvement; therefore, this measure is included in the Top Performer calculation by using the denominator of the measure minus the numerator (rather than using the numerator).
Since 20 new measures were added to the Top Performers program this year, many of the hospitals that were Top Performers last year missed the performance threshold on one or more of these new measures. Of the 162 hospitals that were Top Performers last year but not this year, 87 were part of the 583 hospitals that missed Top Performer status by one measure.
We involved our customers, unaccredited providers, payers, and hospital referral sources in the overall redesign process. Customers provided feedback on standards through online surveys and participated in pilot on-site surveys. Additionally, focused calls were conducted with select customers to gain in-depth perspective on proposed program enhancements.
This year, there are 290 for profit hospitals, 279 not-for-profit hospitals, and 51 government hospitals recognized as Top Performers. Since the inception of the Top Performers program in 2011, more for-profit hospitals than not-for-profit hospitals have been recognized as Top Performers.
Three accountability measure sets were added in the calculation for this year’s Top Performers program – inpatient psychiatric services, stroke and venous throboembolism (VTE).
The Joint Commission recognizes that the industry has changed. Long term care organizations are providing more complex care to patients and residents and are being asked to demonstrate competency in these specialized areas.
One of the key program enhancements includes the ability to pursue additional certification of specialty services in addition to accreditation.
Other program enhancements include:
Achieving accreditation with specialty certification can help your organization in many ways including:
We require that your organization has served at least 5 patients or residents (regardless of how long your facility has been in operation) and has at least two active patients or residents at the time of your survey. For certification, we require the 5 patients served and 2 active patients all have had a 3 day or more hospitalization, and been admitted to a Nursing and Rehabilitation Center within 30 days of discharge from the hospital. Call us for additional questions about the eligibility of your specific services or patients at 630.792.5052.
A program or service that provides goal-directed, time-limited, medically complex care or rehabilitative services to patients recently hospitalized. The goal of rehabilitation and advanced care is to help transition the patient from an acute care setting to a lower level of care setting or a return to their home. Examples of rehabilitation and advanced care include post-operative care, orthopedic or cardiac rehabilitation, respiratory care, and wound care.
Your dedicated Account Executive will work with you to discuss your options based upon your upcoming resurvey date. They can also talk to you about the benefits of the new products and how we will help make the overall transition easy for you.
For customers currently accredited under the LT2, Medicare-Medicaid based option, you will move from a one day survey to a two or three day on-site survey, depending on if you choose to pursue certification (and based upon the ADC of your facility).
For providers accredited under the traditional model who choose to pursue certification, your survey length will increase by one day.
We encourage you to contact your Account Executive to discuss your specific needs.
Please talk to your Account Executive to discuss your specific needs and learn the options for pursuing certification for your organization.
No. Certification builds upon the newly reinvented foundational accreditation framework and, therefore, is a required part of the process. certification standards will be available in prepublication form on our website on January 7, 2013. There is no compliance track record requirement the first time an organization elects the optional certification. Once an organization has achieved certification, continuous compliance, including a demonstrated track record of compliance, will be required to retain certification.
No. If a provider does not meet certification standards, the accreditation status is not affected; however, certification would not be awarded.
Yes, there will be an additional certificate and designation on Quality Check.
Joint Commission standards currently require measuring the performance of processes that support care and using that data to make improvements. These standards require long term care organizations to collect data on performance improvements identified by leaders, the use of restraints, behavior management and treatment, quality control activities, significant medication errors, significant adverse drug reactions, and resident perception of the safety and quality of care treatment and services.
In addition, nursing facilities should consider collecting data on staff opinions and needs, staff perceptions of risk to individuals, staff suggestions for improving resident safety, and staff willingness to report adverse events. The certification standards require the organization to collect data relevant to the unanticipated outcomes in care, patient readmission to the hospital, emergency department or other post acute setting and data relevant to information reviewed with patients and family following the patients discharge from the organization. This information will be reviewed as part of the evaluation of the facilities performance improvement processes during the onsite survey.
Accreditation fees include an on-site survey fee and annual fee, both based upon your “average daily census” and services provided.
The average accreditation annual fee for an organization serving approximately 100 patients or residents each day is $2300. The average on-site survey fee for a nursing home of the same volume is $3315 (this is due in the year of the on-site survey).
Certification adds one day to your on-site survey length. This fee is $970. Additionally, certification adds a flat fee of $250 to your annual fee.
Ask your own question?
This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
<|endofexample|>
« Humble Orthodoxy | Main | Labor Day Nature Walk »
Machen on Doctrine
I posted the following quote on Justin Taylor's blog last month, but I wanted to share it here and use it to start my own little "Machen" category on my site. I've been reading a biography of Machen by D.G. Hart entitled Defending the Faith
. It was from Hart that I learned that Machen played tennis. This only endeared him to me all the more. Finally, a theologian to whom I can relate!
I'm also reading and greatly benefiting from Machen's classic book Christianity & Liberalism
If you've not yet read it, I hope the following quote whets your appetite. I love the way he defines doctrine here:.To get acquainted with Machen, John Piper's biographical sermon from 1993 is the perfect place to start. I enjoyed reading it, and also listened to it on my iPod. And this site compiles a large selection of articles and information on Machen as well.
Update: Justin Taylor just emailed me and informed me that Machen was 5'8. He liked tennis and he was short! He's officially my patron saint.
Please enter the letter "n" in the field below:
Hey Josh.
Just happened on your blog tonight. I'd love to talk to you about Machen as a card-carrying liberal Christian.
I haven't read him in a couple of years (and I admit that I only read Christianity and Liberalism), but I found him really interested in doctrine, which, frankly, doesn't seem all that "biblical."
I'll post some of my issues with Machen in a few days on my site, but I'd love to see you try to convince a liberal predisposed to seeing Machen as a historical relic that I should be reading him more.
God bless you and sustain your ministry.
Peace.
Posted by David Lewicki | September 2, 2007 8:50 PM
David,
I'd really enjoy having that conversation. I look forward to reading your post. And thanks so much for dropping by the site.
God bless!
Posted by Joshua Harris | September 3, 2007 8:42 AM
Josh,
I've read Hart's biography of Machen recently and I enjoyed it. I really admire Machen's integrity when in difficult circumstances.
I read that you also like Francis Schaeffer. I just read The Great Evangelical Disaster. You might like it.
Tony
Posted by Tony Trivison | January 16, 2008 1:52 PM
<|endofexample|>
Lack of marketing strategy and execution integration seems to be a common challenge to many companies face when there are “silos” within the marketing channels. Inevitably, your customers will end up seeing different creative, different offers, and different price points.
Your integration efforts would probably needs to start at your “List” level. For best integration, you’ll want to make sure all channels are working of a shared List/customer database. Depending on who your customer is, you would then build an integrated segmentation strategy (who gets what channel as well as what offer/incentive, etc.). You will also want to make sure to pay attention to touch points and marketing calendar — you don’t want customers getting a flood of communication from different channels, so keep things on the same marketing calendar and decide how much is appropriate for each segment/channel.
To determine the best strategy, you could run some tests — select a control group and then do some split or A/B testing (DM vs Email, or DM & Email, etc.).
Most experts agree that the evidence supports sending mail first and following with email a week after a timed in-home mail date. You can find some case studies with more information on this at the DMA (Direct Marketing Assocation) website:.
I would certainly advice on a cohesive messaging and offer value. We tend to do DM first (strong branding effect, as its in-hand and tangible) followed by a reminder email that reinforces the offer (one week later). I have also seen it to be effective to send “reminder” emails on regular intervals during the promotion period (this will depend on how long your promotion is to last).
Finally, all channels are usually tied to a custom-built micro site that pulls the promo together. Usually, the micro site should be created to match your corporate or product brand. I also like to use tracking links and unique URLs on DM vs Email to be able to measure which creative caused the customer to take action or respond, as well as to test various email creative.
<|endofexample|>
The following companies, listed in geographical regions, have gained certification where shown.
The list will be constantly updated as our ISO/OHSAS project continues ensuring all manufacturing units are certified in the various standards
Jotun Certificated Companies
To obtain a copy or view the certificates 'click' on the Country and then the standard required e.g. 9001 / 14001 /18001 (Australia also includes ISO 17025)
Click again on the 'Country' tab to close all open tabs within that Region
Region ASIA PACIFIC
General information:
Contact Jotun
Gary Pedersen
Group Project Manager - ISO
<|endofexample|>
HARPERS FERRY - Avid hikers, volunteers and visitors from across the country gathered in Harpers Ferry this weekend for a two-day celebration of the 75th anniversary of the completion of the Appalachian Trail.
The Appalachian Trail Conservancy (ATC), the National Park Service, the Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, the Appalachian National Scenic Trail Park Office and the Friends of the Appalachian Trail in Harpers Ferry-Bolivar hosted the weekend celebration that featured guest speakers, guided hikes, workshops, activities, displays, food, music and a parade.
"The Appalachian Trail is the longest hiking-only foot path in the world. It runs from Maine to Georgia. It crosses through 14 states and it's over 2,180 miles long. We're really celebrating the joint efforts of all the volunteers and all the agency partners that really work together to make this a possibility," said Javier Folgar, ATC marketing and communications manager. at the close of a two-day celebration of the 75th anniversary of the completion of the Appalachian Trail.
A variety of trail-related programs were held throughout Harpers Ferry Saturday and Sunday during the festivities, including guest speaker presentations from historic trail personalities. This history of Appalachian Trail dates as far back as 1921. Benton MacKaye-a former forester, government analyst and newspaper editor - proposed a series of work, study and farming camps along the ridges of the Appalachian Mountains with a trail connecting them. On Aug. 14, 1937, the trail was finally competed thanks in large part to the work of trail supporter and Washington lawyer, Myron H. Avery.
The celebration this weekend in Harpers Ferry drew a number of visitors to the area, each with a unique connection to the trail. North Carolina native Jordan Dotson traveled to Harpers Ferry from Savannah, Ga., where she is currently a university student, to volunteer for the 75th anniversary of the trail.
"I became interested in the Appalachian Trail, read a couple of books and I've been keeping up with one of the thru-hikers who is on it right now. I saw this on Facebook and I needed a vacation, so I thought what better way to learn about the AT and help out," Dotson said.
Ned Kuhns, a thru-hiker who completed the entire trail in 2003, traveled from Virginia Beach to be part of the anniversary celebration and to show his support for the ATC, of which he is a life member. Kuhns is among the thousands of volunteers who help maintain the trail throughout the country.
"I just love the people that I interface with and meet and all the hikers we meet on the trail. It's a great way to give back to the country and to people," Kuhns said.
Jeff Haas, a member of the Delaware Nature Society, spent the weekend teaching visitors and children about the variety of animal wildlife that can be found on the trail. A section hiker, Haas hiked the entirety of the trail over the course of about five years and now teaches others to appreciate the natural wonders and wildlife that can be found upon the trail.
"This is a great opportunity to support an awesome accomplishment - 75 years - and just to support an amazing trail," Haas said. "It's been neat to see the buzz in the town and see people get excited about a trail that is a journey. It's an amazing journey for so many people."
Melissa Davis, a section hiker from King of Prussia, Pa., was among the many hikers who took a break from the trail to enjoy the weekend festivities. She said she fell in love with Harpers Ferry several years ago when, at 14, she hiked the trail with a group of girls and ended up in the town.
"I've been coming every year for about six years recently. I didn't hesitate for a moment to come out by myself because I knew I'd have instant friends here. We all have the trail in common," Davis said.
Lou Ann Blake and her husband, Maurice Peret, who are both blind hikers, traveled to Harpers Ferry from Baltimore to represent the National Federation of the Blind of Maryland and to share their story about their love for the Appalachian Trail. Married for a little over a year, Blake and Peret celebrated their honeymoon on the trail, as well as the first anniversary of their marriage.
"We are trying to get more blind people out to the great outdoors and we're also trying to show sighted people that blind people are capable of doing everything they are capable of doing. We just have to do it a little differently sometimes," Blake said. "A lot of people think blind people can't cross the street independently, let alone hike the Appalachian Trail."
Rev. Donna Christine Park, founder and president of Walk a Mile in My Shoes -On the Path to Peace, traveled to Harpers Ferry on behalf of her nonprofit organization and to honor Mildred L. Norman, a peace activist known as "Peace Pilgrim" who became the first woman to walk the entire length of the trail in 1952. Park's nonprofit organization is a global outreach ministry designed to advocate and facilitate individual empowerment through the simple act of sharing a single pair of shoes.
"In our four-year history we have shared shoes with over 13,950 people, but along that path two years ago I was introduced to Peace Pilgrim," Park said. "I am here to honor her and, of course, I learned so much about the Appalachian Trail. This has been such an absolute blessing."
The shoes that Park collected this weekend will be donated to Jefferson County Community Ministries.
The weekend anniversary celebration came to an end late Sunday afternoon as volunteers and hikers gathered to share a toast during a closing ceremony.
"We're absolutely thrilled that the Appalachian Trail goes right through the heart of the park, and we're glad to be proud partners with them in helping to preserve it for future generations," Harpers Ferry National Historical Park Superintendent Rebecca Harriett
<|endofexample|>
Save the date!
Join us on 10-13 September 2013 at the BMS Main Meeting 2013 and explore the latest research on fungi and environmental change.
The conference will cover four main topics:
- Phenology, ecology and eco-system processes
- Animal disease
- Mutualistic relationships
- Plant pathogens
Sessions will feature a mixture of invited and offered papers. Speakers who have agreed to attend include Björn Lindhahl (Sweden), Kathleen Treseder (USA), Arturo Casadevell (USA), Javier Dieguez-Uribeondo (), Mat Fisher (UK), Frank Richards (France), Betsy Arnold (USA), Chris Ellis (UK), John Dighton (USA), Clive Brassier (UK), Everett Hansen (USA), Takao Kasuga (USA), Jan Stenlid (Sweden), and Joan Webber (UK).
The conference will be held at Cardiff University Conference Centre at University Hall, about two miles from the centre of Cardiff. As well as the usual paper-giving sessions there will also be an afternoon before the meeting gets fully underway devoted to post-graduates and field mycologists, though everyone is cordially invited to attend.
For more information on this conference please visit the conference homepage.
<|endofexample|>
As iron sharpens iron, so one man sharpens another.
Proverbs 27:17
This is for a new Men’s Ministry initiative.
Six things that make an IronMan. Check these out.
Being an IronMan means…
…you follow God & lead others.
…you love your wife & kids.
…you aren’t lazy…you work & get it done!
…you are confident, courageous and willing to risk.
…your eyes, mind & heart are pure.
…you put others & their needs first.
The men of Journey Church will start holding each other accountable for these things!
<|endofexample|>
Decellularization and Recellularization of Whole Livers
Center for Engineering in Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Shriners Hospitals for Children
Perfusion decellularization is a novel technique to produce whole liver scaffolds that retains the organ's extracellular matrix composition and microarchitecture. Herein, the method of preparing whole organ scaffolds using perfusion decellularization and subsequent repopulation with hepatocytes is described. Functional and transplantable liver grafts can be generated using this technique..
3-Dimensional Resin Casting and Imaging of Mouse Portal Vein or Intrahepatic Bile Duct System..
Murine Bioluminescent Hepatic Tumour Model.
Use of a Hanging-weight System for Liver Ischemia in Mice.
In vivo Liver Endocytosis Followed by Purification of Liver Cells by Liver Perfusion
Department.
Surgical.
Seven Steps to Stellate Cells
Here we describe the isolation of CD133 expressing liver stem cells and cancer stem cells from whole murine liver, a process that requires tissue digestion, cell enrichment, and flow cytometry isolation. We include methods for advanced single cell isolation and clonal expansion...
Isolation and Primary Culture of Rat Hepatic Cells
1Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Cincinnati College of Medicine, 2American University in Washington, D.C., 3Department of Internal Medicine, Saint Louis University School of Medicine
Primary hepatocytes provide a valuable tool to evaluate biochemical, molecular, and metabolic functions in a physiologically relevant experimental system. We describe a reliable protocol for rat in situ liver perfusion, which consistently generates viable hepatocytes up to 1.0 × 108 cells per preparation with cell viability between 88 ~ 96%.
Orthotopic Liver Transplantation in Rats.
Isolation of Rat Portal Fibroblasts by In situ Liver Perfusion.
Manufacturing Devices and Instruments for Easier Rat Liver Transplantation..
Robust Generation of Hepatocyte-like Cells from Human Embryonic Stem Cell Populations
Medical Research Council Centre for Regenerative Medicine, University of Edinburgh
This article will focus on the generation of human hepatic endoderm from human embryonic stem cell populations...
Expression Analysis of Mammalian Linker-histone Subtypes
School of Biology and the Parker H. Petit Institute of Bioengineering and Biosciences, Georgia Institute of Technology
We describe a set of assays to analyze expression levels of H1 linker histones. mRNA of individual H1 genes are quantitatively measured by random primer based reverse transcription followed by real-time PCR, whereas protein quantification of H1 histones is achieved by HPLC analysis.
Ex Vivo Culture of Patient Tissue & Examination of Gene Delivery
1Cork Cancer Research Centre, Mercy University Hospital and Leslie C. Quick Jnr. Laboratory, University College Cork, 2Department of Computer Science, University College Cork
This article describes the culture of patient tissue slices for gene delivery studies and subsequent analysis of gene expression using IVIS bioluminescence imaging.
Orthotopic Mouse Model of Colorectal Cancer..
Preparation and Using Phantom Lesions to Practice Fine Needle Aspiration Biopsies
1Department of Pathology, University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, 2BioInnovation LLC
Practicing of fine needle aspiration biopsies (FNAB) by trainees is relatively challenging, due to the lack of an easily available, appropriate lesion. Preparation of an AV phantom lesion for practicing the FNAB procedure and mastering proficiency is relatively easy.
Diagnostic Necropsy and Selected Tissue and Sample Collection in Rats and Mice..
Colon Ascendens Stent Peritonitis (CASP) - a Standardized Model for Polymicrobial Abdominal Sepsis
Department of Surgery, University of Greifswald
The Colon Ascendens Stent Peritonitis (CASP) is a highly standardized model for polymicrobial abdominal sepsis in rodents. This article describes the surgical procedure of CASP. The CASP model and its variants allow the systematic investigation of various problems concerning the subject of sepsis.
Two Methods of Heterokaryon Formation to Discover HCV Restriction Factors.
Using the GELFREE 8100 Fractionation System for Molecular Weight-Based Fractionation with Liquid Phase Recovery
Research and Development, Protein Discovery, Inc...
Whole Animal Perfusion Fixation for Rodents
Mouse Islet of Langerhans Isolation using a Combination of Purified Collagenase and Neutral Protease
A detailed description of mouse islet isolation is described using the technique of in situ pancreatic ductal cannulation and perfusion of a combination of purified collagenase and neutral protease.
Diagnosis of Ecto- and Endoparasites in Laboratory Rats and Mice.
Multi-parameter Measurement of the Permeability Transition Pore Opening in Isolated Mouse Heart Mitochondria
Department of Anesthesiology & Pain Medicine, Mitochondria and Metabolism Center, University of Washington, Seattle.
In vivo Imaging of Transgenic Leishmania Parasites in a Live Host.
<|endofexample|>
The Journal of Visualized Experiments (JoVE) is a peer reviewed, PubMed-indexed video journal. Our mission is to increase the productivity of scientific research.
1Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Manchester, 2School of Biological Sciences, Queen's University Belfast
Gostimskaya, I., Galkin, A. Preparation of Highly Coupled Rat Heart Mitochondria. J. Vis. Exp. (43), e2202, doi:10.3791/2202 (2010).
The function of mitochondria in generation of cellular ATP in the process of oxidative phosphorylation is widely recognised. During the past decades there have been significant advances in our understanding of the functions of mitochondria other than the generation of energy. These include their role in apoptosis, acting as signalling organelles, mammalian development and ageing as well as their contribution to the coordination between cell metabolism and cell proliferation. Our understanding of biological processes modulated by mitochondria is based on robust methods for isolation and handling of intact mitochondria from tissues of the laboratory animals. Mitochondria from rat heart is one of the most common preparations for past and current studies of cellular metabolism including studies on knock-out animals.
Here we describe a detailed rapid method for isolation of intact mitochondria with a high degree of coupling. Such preparation of rat heart mitochondria is an excellent object for functional and structural research on cellular bioenergetics, transport of biomolecules, proteomic studies and analysis of mitochondrial DNA, proteins and lipids.
Introduction
Mitochondria from rat heart is one of the most common preparations for past and current studies of cellular metabolism. They can be obtained quickly and reliably in great quantity from wild type or knock-out animals. The general procedure consists of tissue digestion by trypsin, fractionation and differential centrifugation.
There are several conditions that have to be kept during Isolation of mitochondria from various tissues, including the heart (Fig. 1).
Materials and instruments
Instruments
Solutions (calculated per 2 rats):
Protocol
The general scheme of the procedure is shown on Fig. 1. Hearts should be cooled and washed in Washing buffer, ventricular tissue excised, minced and homogenised during photolytic treatment with trypsin. The suspension is centrifuged at low speed and the obtained supernatant is centrifuged again at higher speed to collect mitochondria. Depending on the planned experiments the resuspending buffer can be replaced by any other isotonic solution.
Animals were terminated in accordance with the U.K. "Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act." by cervical dislocation followed by decapitation. It is necessary to extract the heart immediately after decapitation of the animal, so that there is no delay between animal termination and heart extraction. If parallel isolation of liver mitochondria is expected the rats should be fasted overnight prior to the experiment.
Figure 1. Scheme demonstrating the step by step procedure of isolation of rat heart mitochondria. Top part, Stages 1-9: tissue disruption, trypsin treatment and homogenisation; bottom part, stages 10-15: differential centrifugation.
Detailed rapid protocol for isolation of intact mitochondria with a high degree of coupling is described. Obtained preparation can be used for functional or structural research on cellular bioenergetics, proteomic studies or analysis of mitochondrial DNA and lipid content. Biophysical studies of active transport of ions and metabolic intermediates can also be performed. It is possible to further process the mitochondrial preparation in order to isolate submitochondrial particles, outer membrane or purify separate components of oxidative phosphorylation. The described method is a modification of the standard protocol of isolation by Jacobus and Saks1. The expected yield of the prepared mitochondria is approximately 10-15 mg of mitochondrial protein per heart and the respiratory control ratio on malate/glutamate of such preparation varies between 8 to 12 with State IV respiration of around 0.12 μmol O2xmin-1xmg protein-1 at 23°C in the medium comprising 0.25 M sucrose, 10 mM KCl, 0.2 mM EDTA, 5 mM potassium phosphate (pH 8.0) with 150 μM ADP for initiation State III respiration (for the exact experimental conditions and additions, see ref. 2).
Special attention should be given to several technical details before the starting of the isolation procedure. It is crucial to use clean polycarbonate or polypropylene centrifuge tubes, therefore tubes should be thoroughly washed with a clean brush and hot water, however the detergent treatment should be kept at the minimum. Also, it is better to collect all necessary glassware and instruments in the cold room a day before the isolation.
During the isolation when transferring buffers from flasks to beakers, а special attention should be given to prevent drops of ice water into the solutions. When handling tissues it should be stressed that heart extraction should be carried out as soon as possible since even short-time delay between decapitation of the animal and cooling the tissue would result in partially uncoupled mitochondria. Rapid cooling and thorough washing of removed hearts is essential to obtain standard preparation, free from haemoglobin and erythrocyte NADase.
Trypsin is used for connective proteins degradation to increase susceptibility of the tissue to shearing force during homogenisation. Prolonged exposure of the tissue to protease should be avoided since it results in mitochondria of inferior quality.
After high speed centrifugations the walls of the centrifuge tubes should be wiped with tissue paper to remove any deposits of fat material accumulated on the walls.
For the final resuspension it is better to use a low volume of the final buffer in order to minimise loss of mitochondrial functions during storage (150 to 200 μl of the buffer per heart). For studies of the transport of divalent cations no chelating agents must be present in the final preparation thus mitochondria should be washed for several times with EGTA-free medium and used within first hours after isolation.
No conflicts of interest declared.
We thank Prof. A. Vinogradov and Dr Vera Grivennikova for introduction of the authors to the field of mitochondrial biology and many useful insights and advice in this procedure. The authors are grateful to Mrs Amanda McKintock from the Queens University media office for the help with the video preparation.
1Reply
Posted by: PriscilaAugust 29, 2011, 3:34 PM
<|endofexample|>
destruction game with tower-defense elements tossed in. As the Knights, you defend your castle from waves of attacking Vikings; players can defend with ranged weapons such as ballistas, or choose to put their boots on the ground and get right into the conflict as a hero.
There will also be a host of other modes to play outside of the campaign's 12 different environments, including online multiplayer and co-op, plus a castle editor – you can set up your own look and weapon loadouts for your castle, and test weapons within the editor to see how they'd bring it down.
Zen Studios hasn't announced a price for CastleStorm yet, but with only around a month left until launch, we're sure the developer will lob a price point over toward us soon.
<|endofexample|>
NoirR
Member since: Jul 22nd, 2010
Noir
Harry Partridge is pretty excited for Elder Scrolls V: SkyrimFeb 8th 2011 4:37AM (Joystiq)
sure dood!
Readers pick best webcomic: Kinder SurpriseFeb 5th 2011 8:04PM (Joystiq)
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 retail listing shows AkumaJan 13th 2011 7:42PM (Joystiq)
don't forget Ice man!
BBC: Kinect caused 'Red Ring of Death' on out-of-warranty Xbox 360Jan 5th 2011 4:20PM (Joystiq)
The Commodore 64 returns as a modern PCDec 22nd 2010 11:57PM (Joystiq)
i'll buy it, for real
PlayStation Move ad banned in UK for condoning 'violent behavior'Dec 22nd 2010 6:33PM (Joystiq)
BlazBlue Continuum Shift DLC discounted now on Xbox Live, Jan. 4 on PSNDec 21st 2010 6:15AM (Joystiq)
The Daily Grind: Are you playing Cataclysm?Dec 19th 2010 11:12AM (Massively)
what'd british columbia has to do with wow? XD
GT Academy competition to be featured in Speed Network reality showDec 19th 2010 10:51AM (Joystiq)
i think it's funny but maybe i'm still drunk XD
Demon's Souls server operation extended until late 2011Dec 18th 2010 9:48PM (Joystiq)
<|endofexample|>
jeans?
Technology reporter Stanley A. Miller II tracks news and trends, from the coolest new gadgets to the latest stuff on the Web it come with a little Steve Jobs wearing a black turtleneck and blue
jeans?
- It sure does!
- Now that's funny. I can appreciate a company that can make fun of itself.
To make it clear, I am not an Apple person. I am Android, but I could see
myself with an Apple laptop.
Tags: Apple : Think Geek : Funny : Video : YouTube : Geek Culture
Permalink | Email This Blog
<|endofexample|>
Your daily first look at what's happening around Milwaukee
On Tap Today: Seeing double
Movies are more than mere shadows on the wall. But can you believe anything at all when two actors play the role of one? Both Josh Brolin and Tommy Lee Jones play the same character in "Man in Black 3." Check your own double vision with our two-actors-for-one quiz.
Other films call to us, and in Weekend Cue we learn what kind of shadows they cast. "Monsieur Lazhar" tells about an Algerian immigrant who must fill the shoes of a teacher who committed suicide. Does the film deserve its Oscar nomination? Find out what Film Critic Duane Dudek thinks here.
And see if the saga of dancers entering the Young America ballet competion soars in a new documentary, "First Position."
But let us never forget to celebrate the holiday outside the theater. Dining Critic Carol Deptolla tells us if we should order up at Jake's Burger in Brookfield. Mmmmm, a cold ice cream shake. ... Mmmmm.
- : Memorial Day : Men in Black 3 : Monsieur Lazhar
Permalink | Email This Blog
<|endofexample|>
funny.
- He isn't signing here. Ted doesn't sign speed and skill position players on the "other side of 30" unless they're can't miss sure things, and even then, they would cost too much for Ted. Loved Jackson back in the day, but this is a few days (YEARS?) PAST his day. He doesn't have enough shake and bake left to make up for our offensive line.Hide replies
- Didn't TT sign Cedric Benson? Jackson for a 2 to 3 year contract would be a good signing.
- Benson signed for the veterans minimum practically. It's going to cost probably 5-7 million to get Jackson here. Will never happen.
- JDL, no way he gets $5 to $7M. You aptly pointed out his shortcomings. Given that and the hard cap, there isn't a team out there that will commit that kind of money. He'll be out there for a while and accept a budget deal at the end of the day. Could be GB.
- You may be right but I just don't see it. 5-7 million is middle tier. He might not be worth that to us, but I think somebody will give him that money. I just hope it isn't us. I'll take him for 2-3 million. I just don't think he'd ever settle for that but time will tell I guess.
- John....Benson's contract was so paltry, he actually OWES the team money.
Benson is finished...too much tread on his tires.
- Love the way he runs hard and plays hard, but it ain't gonna happen, too much tread on his tires. They are going with someone young at RB........Hide replies
- I think you mean not enough tread.
- Too much tread on the tires? HA HA HA HA HA HA.
- Hey Cheese, he may be thinking drag racing.
- I keep seeing that Jackson has "too much tread" on his tires. That's wrong. He either has too many miles on his legs, or too little tread on his tires, which wear down with use and time. That said, I hope he brings his treadless tires to GB.Hide replies
- It isn't good to have too much tread, either...hard to keep your balance.
- Haha, yeah I have seen the "too much tread" thing too, hilarious. Maybe we should take the analogy further. Steven Jackson has too much gas in the tank. That will slow you down with extra weight.
- Hopefully he doesn't fall for the banana in the tailpipe trick.
- The pres says to get more mileage out of him be sure to keep those tires inflated properly. :-)
- I only worry about the banana in the tailpipe trick when I'm tailing Axel Foley.
- How 'bout we forget about SJ and think about drafting Eddie Lacy from Alabama .. watched this kid tear up the SEC with hard running .. his style of running is what GB needs considering we don't run block very well.Hide replies
- He tore up the SEC because he had 3 first round picks on the O-LINE blocking for him...Jackson is a proven NFL stud
- And our O line is not Alabama's (when compared to college comp vs Pro comp). Jackson has had little or no passing game to help him, and he still gains yardage with 8 in the box. We don't do well against 6 in the box.
- Great observation mvitch. You're like the Dennis Rodman of the blog.
- I agree on drafting Lacey
- Given the fact Ted Thompson opted and signed Cedric Bensen tells me there is a chance but however once again it all comes down to MONEY and CAP Space. I don't think a solid deal will be reached and it all comes down to Jackson's asking price. Can Thompson deal him? Yes but WILL he is the question and so far I don't see it happening. Especially if the Packers have a SOLID interest in picking up Canty which I would honestly prefer when comparing to Jackson. We shall see nows the perfect time for journalists, Anylists, and bloggers to start the Rumor mill so to speak with only a week or so away from when the real action starts.
GO PACK GOHide replies
- But he signed Benson for the veterans minimum practically. Basically picked him out of the discount bin. SJ is going to ask for at LEAST 5-7 times that. If you sign him for that you'll have to restructure other contracts or cut other veterans, you might not be able to sign Raji or Matthews depending, you'd be kissing off Finley for absolute sure AND you're STILL rolling the dice that Jackson has anything left in the tank. Remember he plays on turf too so his numbers won't be as good here on grass and in the elements. Too much risk. Not enough reward for me.
- Agreed John like I said probably a no go on Jackson based on our cap
- Stop including Raji in this discussion. Rodgers and Matthews are a true "cut above" and are the real CAP issues. Raji is not!!!!!!!!!
- However never say never Jackson can accept any thing just like Jensen was forced to do this season
- Corrected bensen not jensen
- Pack have 20-22M in cap space. Rookies will take 4-5M in cap space..
- Trade tramon for a draft pick that should save some $$$$. Let Hayward, shields, house battle for starting spots, they would all help with our run D much better.
- I'm hoping TT finally gets a little more agressive in free agency this year. It's a little frustrating because I feel like he is wasting the prime of Aaron Rodger's career and we're halfway through our window with him yet we always seem to forego free agency and go with the same old draft strategy. Don't get me wrong, his draft strategy has worked but I think the draft has gotten us to a plateau where we went on an improbable run in 10' when the team peaked at the right time vs. a lackluster playoff field. However, I can guarantee one thing, San Fran is not getting any worse next year and we won't catch that juggernaut without being active in free agency. TT needs to get after it this year or someday he's going to look back on one Super Bowl ring and realize he could have had more. We have the best QB in the NFL, no excuses.Hide replies
- Jeepers Collins36, that sounds like my statement a few days ago, that "superbowl windows don't stay open long" and guys were blasting me because we have young Rogers. Well he needs help and he can't block and he is not on the Defense. I agree TT needs to add a quality player or 2 on defense via FA, and Jackson would look great in GB for 2-3 seasons. He has a lot to still offer.
- GB CAN'T be active on a high level in FA. It's not possible, unless you want to run into cap issues and not be able to retain Clay/Rodgers/Raji..
- Please, all FA nuts please read this post by NC and educate yourselves.
- Please let's stop putting Raji in with Rodgers and Matthews. He is far more expendable and replaceable and should not be in the same conversation when it comes to CAP ROOM issues.
- Sorry, but when you're spending $25 million of your salary cap on three average players like Finley, Williams and Hawk, you aren't going to have enough money to pay good players like Jackson and improve the team..Hide replies
- Boy, it would be fun to spend AJ Hawk's salary on the free market, wouldn't it?
- Better watch what you say about AJ, his supporters have been out in full force lately............
- Tramon Williams is better than you think he is.
- Why does everyone think that Jackson is going to get this big contract? For one all the top teams have their runningback. Maybe the Lions go for him, but I think LeShore is their man. The Cowboys could use him, but they are in cap hell. The Saints don't have any money. Why would some of these bottom feeders want to sign him, and why would he want to play for them. At this juncture does money talk? We will see. I think we can get hi for 4-5 mil.. Call me stupid but he may sacrifice a couple mil. for the chance at a championship. I would definately sign him a 3 for 15 contract.Hide replies
- 2nd that ram rod. He's been through the grinder with losing teams for so long, he's made some money, maybe he wants a chance at winning. Jackson / Harris would be sunflower seeds and bubble gum (BTW that's a good thing)
- So would Monte and Harris....and it would not cost $4-5 biggies...and mess the cap.
- Do you know why other teams fans aren't talking about bringing in Ball during every comment they make? They're not homers. Take me for instance. I'm not a fan of any college team but love to watch college football. At this point I can name quite a few RB's I would take over him. It gets so annoying hearing about Ball every time a RB and GB is mentioned. We have all got the point that a lot of Packer fans want to bring in Ball. I'm sure TT even understands this but it won't change anything.
- Steven Jackson is on the downside! Past his prime! Use the draft pick and put Ball in the backfield! time to pony up for a real running back!Hide replies
- Take off your W glasses, unless Ball bulks up and doesn't lose any speed (which he has none to give), he's a long shot at best.
- Tou obviously didn't wear yours over the last 4 years...to call the guy who shattered records at tailback U a long shot at best is a "blind statement"....at best.
- If he was available in the 3rd I'd consider it. That being said I see RB's with more potential.).
Permalink | Email This Blog
<|endofexample|>
Microsoft’s long war against Linux, Android and all things related to Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) is something that can’t be ignored anymore.
Here is a look at the history of Microsoft's infamous FUD (Fear, uncertainty and doubt) campaigns against Linux and FOSS:
Microsoft's first FUD
Microsoft initially had no big competitors. Everything was peachy in the rapidly-growing Gatesland. From office desktops to giant servers, Windows was having a somewhat faddish influence on the computer-curios crowd. But soon, in the shadows of this giant monster's trail, a new rival was slowly taking shape. Linux, even though slowly, was getting the recognition it deserved, posing a direct threat to Microsoft's mega empire. Microsoft, as it does with every competitor it faces, was quick to deny Linux's existence. It was only when the tiny penguin started gaining prominence in the server market that Microsoft made its first attempt at thwarting Linux's growth.
In 1999, Mindcraft, a company specializing in testing and benchmarking systems, published a thorough report stating that “Microsoft Windows NT Server 4.0 is 2.5 times faster than Linux as a file server and 3.7 times faster as a Web Server”. One year prior, a similar whitepaper was published, attacking Novell Netware, claiming that “Microsoft Windows NT Server 4.0 is 25.5% faster than Novell Netware 5 as a File Server and has 2.7 times better price/performance”.
The reports were convincing enough for any consumer to opt for the 'better' product, which apparently was Microsoft NT Server. Although, the truth behind the report soon came out when it was revealed that Microsoft had paid Mindcraft to create the report. Well, to give Mindcraft some credit, the benchmarking was actually carried out on a Linux server. However, the Linux system used in the test was not setup in an optimal way. Mindcraft had used the best configuration for their NT models, yet they failed to setup a Linux system that was performing to its full capacity. Thus began, Microsoft's long and dirty campaign against Linux.
Linux, the incurable cancer
As Microsoft kept coming out with newer versions of its flagship Windows operating system, Linux, slowly but steadily, started growing bigger. At that time, when Windows NT and 2000 ruled the desktop world, Linux users were seen as hippies or communists by Microsoft's loyal minions. Steve Ballmer, even went as far as to say that “Linux is a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches”. What the badmouth Ballmer didn't realize then was that this virtually-unknown operating system would be used in cancer research some day.
Post-2000, Linux became a more palpable opponent to Microsoft's giant empire. Now, Linux was not only a server operating system but also a more usable desktop OS. Microsoft, as always, was never going to back down. They started using fear as a weapon in its fight against Free and Open Source Software. They claimed that Linux developers and users (yes you heard that right) violated almost 235 of its patents. Microsoft said that they only 'chose' not to sue Linux for this. Now, this claim by Microsoft may not come as a big surprise for any experienced Linux user, but for users who were planning on switching from Windows to Linux, this was a huge hurdle. Fears and doubts were instilled in the minds of many Tux-curious users and corporations, a fear that he or she might face a lawsuit for installing Linux on his or her computer.
Flip-flop and PR
This war took a strange, or rather shocking turn when Microsoft suddenly started supporting open source. They even began contributing code to Linux's kernel. What an altruistic move we must say. But this move was clearly a well-planned scheme by Microsoft's PR department to mend its broken image in the tech world. This is when Gatescorp started playing the game a little more carefully, by avoiding conspicuous maneuvers so that the company's brand image remained intact.
Microsoft and Netbooks
Well, that didn't by any means imply that Microsoft had given up its fight against the penguin. When Linux-based netbooks started taking the world by storm, Microsoft started its ugly game again by claiming that Linux had higher return rates than Windows. The fact was that many users actually chose Ubuntu over Windows XP when it came to netbooks. Well-engineered Linux-based netbooks offered almost everything Windows offered and more. Canonical even exposed Microsoft's netbook FUD in a post on their blog.
Windows 7 is the best
When Windows 7 came out, Microsoft started looking for new and innovative ways to continue its FUD campaign. By then, Linux was no longer a geek-only operating system. In fact, Ubuntu had become a popular name amongst developers and casual users alike. What Microsoft did here was not only evil but also something really stupid. In Microsoft's training material for Best Buy employees (called Microsoft ExpertZone), they included a module which taught how to convince customers that Linux was a bad choice when compared to Windows 7.
The talking points mentioned in the course went from ludicrous to absolutely moronic at times. According to Microsoft, few of the issues with Linux were that one couldn't play World of WarCraft or download and install Windows Live Essentials. The most ridiculous part of the module was the claim it made that “Windows is safer than Linux”. Of course, even an inexperienced Linux user would be quick to repudiate that 'claim', but no matter what the facts are, Microsoft keeps pushing its evil propaganda to consumers.
Droid and the ghost of Microsoft
Android is killing the iPhone. But in this battle of smartphones Microsoft is nowhere to be seen. Well, that's what many people believe. Here too, Microsoft is playing its evil game, however, this time, by staying behind the scenes. There has been a huge debate whether Android can be considered as Linux but for the sake of the argument let's consider it as a Linux-based OS. Now, Microsoft claims that Android OS, being a Linux-based one, is infringing many of their patents. They are demanding 15 USD in cash for every Android device Samsung makes. $15 looks like a small amount, but considering the huge number of sales the Google-made phones have achieved, it is enough to keep Microsoft happy for years. Samsung on the other hand is trying hard to negotiate a lower $10 fee in exchange for some kind of alliance with Microsoft. Appalling, absolutely appalling.
The Chrome attack
The latest threat to Microsoft's million-dollar empire is Google Chrome OS. Though Microsoft has never publicly acknowledged the browser-based Operating System as a threat to their company, but Google is a competitor they can't afford to be complacent with. I'm quite sure that if Chromebooks start performing well in the market, Microsoft will start some kind of FUD or patent war against Google. Any attack on Chrome OS will be more or less an attack on Linux as it is after all a Linux-based Operating System.
The Future
Linux is not the only threat to Microsoft's empire. Their old arch rival Apple has risen from the ashes to take them head on and it appears that Microsoft has run out of ways to tackle them. iPads and iPhones are selling like pancakes. Gatescorp, which once predicted that 'tablets are dead', are lamenting not being a part of this trend. Linux being open source and free was an easy target for Microsoft's FUD plot, but taking on Apple is not a child's play. Apple has a strong fan base and talking an Apple fanboy into buying something else is a huge task in itself.
Microsoft, under no circumstances, is going to stop its war on Linux. In one-way or the other it is determined to crush the FOSS world to pieces. While this may scare the next-door Linux enthusiast, one must always remember this quote – “First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win” – Mahatma Gandhi
Important to remember these in light of their "birthday wish" video
You Forgot the Biggest FUD Campain Ever!
When is was found out that Microsoft Funded the SCO Unix Patent Infringement Law Suit against Linux, IBM, Red Hat and Novell.
Or how about the Wintel campain agianst the OLPC that cheated millions of children worldwide out of a quailty education. Don't forget that the OLPC created the netbook but was forced by M$ and Intel not to openly sell it.
Come on those two were bigger than any of the one's you listed.
It's scarring how these guys get what they want! I think is a matter of "FOOS users of the word, unite and grow". Long live GNU/Linux!!!
<|endofexample|>
).

Hat, trousers and top from £9 by Olive & Moss (ages 0-18 months) visit Acne jeansAcne are the innovative brand behind the simple, effortless clothing that adorn men and women everywhere. The company, which
© Immediate Media Company Ltd 2012. This website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited.
Version 2.8.52181.0
<|endofexample|>
Getting the children back to school after the summer break can be stressful so a short stay at Augill Castle in Cumbria is just the place to regain your equilibrium. There are 15 acres of landscaped grounds to explore before you even venture out
Threshing BarnThe newly opened and beautifully converted 18th-century Threshing Barn sleeps up to eight people and offers an indulgent all-inclusive experience. It comes with a talented chef, a driver to help make the most of its 20-acre secluded Cumbrian location, and a host to ...
-tent-cum-country-farmhouse with rustic wooden tables and oil lanterns. Children collect eggs, feed the farmyard creatures and ride ponies. Locations include Cumbria, Dorset, Lincolnshire and Wiltshire. Prices are from £195 for three nights. Another option is a stay on a working farm
makes the early spring the ideal time for a spot of badger watching. Although badgers are nocturnal, try a spot of evening badger watching at Holme Open Farm in Cumbria.• Go on a nature hunt Whether it’s looking for worms, snails, slugs or spotting a
for
the campfire. Visit. AUGUST 27–29 Solfest, Cumbria There are only 5,000 tickets for this three-day festival. All line up information is yet to be confirmed (August is a long way away yet after all!). Visit
© Immediate Media Company Ltd 2012. This website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited.
Version 2.8.52181.0
<|endofexample|>
In August, Tehran prosecutor Saeed Mortazavi was named among three top judicial officials who were suspended [JURIST report] in connection with the detainee deaths. The suspension will strip Mortazavi of his judicial immunity and clear the way for his prosecution. Last January, an Iranian parliamentary inquiry found [JURIST report] that.
<|endofexample|>
Located in major cities in UK, Ireland and Czech Republic, Jurys Inn hotels are easily accessible by major transport hubs and conveniently located minutes away from international conference centres such as Manchester Conference Centre, Dublin Convention Centre, Birmingham National Indoor Arena and NewcastleGateshead’s SAGE.
Jurys Inn offers a great product that is tailored for corporate customers. Bedrooms are comfortable, well lit and spacious with crisp white linens, high speed internet access and flat screen TV’s. All rooms offer spacious bathrooms with spa toiletries. Corporate customers can upgrade to superior rooms which include early check in, high speed internet and other extras. A wide choice of food and drink is served throughout the day in our stylish bar, restaurant and coffee bar.
We pride ourselves on our committed, well trained teams. All employees including the CEO have been through our customer training programme to be exceptional. Each hotel has a dedicated Sales team that is happy to discuss your business requirements and outline our extensive offering for the business guest.
Our online business booking service Jurys Business Booker allows you to book rooms quickly and easily, offering you the best available rate. You can track your travel spend, see the history of who’s stayed where and review your current travel spend. You can print out reports to demonstrate just how well you’ve used your travel budget. Plus you will also receive Jurys Rewards points for every booking made.
<|endofexample|>
Recent Feedback
I have a well that is not pumping the water into the Tank. I have removed the well head outside and I can hear the pump working. I also noticed there is alot of water onground around the well head and half way down my lawn. May have ben running for a while? Not sure where to go with this? Checked alll the internal controls, switch, control box, all seem OK. Any thoughts?
Already Tried:
I replaced the TEE into the tank earlier today. I had no water at all this morning and did a little troubleshooting. I removed the Switch, cleaned out the pipe and the other lines, replaced the Pressure gauge,re hooked everything back up, still no water pressure being generated?
It sounds like there is a broken pipe in the yard. If you turn the shut off in the house off does the pump keep running?
You mean the water shut off? or the Power shut off?
Anything else you might suggest?? I have had the pump turned off for about an hour now. There is no longer any water surrounding the well casing.
No doubt there is a leak between the pump and the house. To confirm turn the shutoff at the house after the pressure gauge and see if the pump keeps running. If the pressure switch is working pressure will build up and the pump will turn off. If the pump doesn't turn off start digging where the ground is wet.
Experience:
i have been doing plumbing work for 20 years. lots of work on high end homes along with a lot of service work.
<|endofexample|>
Showing 6 Bats
Coach Pitch -12 Bats (6)
- Compare Bats
- Popular Brands
- Bat Deals
Don't miss any JustBats.com specials! Sign up to get the best deals via email.Thanks for Signing Up!
- Customer Support
- 1-866-321-2287
- support@justbats.com
- Live Chat
- Customer Service
- Testimonials
WOW!!! You guys are amazing. I saw the 8pm CST deadline on your website and I didn't really believe it. I ordered last night and you had it in the UPS system within an hour or two. My son is going to be soooo excited to have this bat tomorrow and in time for the weekend practice. You have made both his and my day. Thanks so much.
- JustBats.com Videos
- JustBats.com Catalog
<|endofexample|>
For more videos, watch the JustFindIt4U YouTube Channel.
“Candle in the Wind 1997” is a re-written and rerecorded version of Elton John’s own 1973 hit “Candle in the Wind” that was released as a tribute single to the late Diana, Princess of Wales.
According to the Recording Industry Association of America, with certified sales it is “the best-selling single of all time.” The Guinness Book of World Records 2009 states that the song is “the biggest-selling single since UK and US singles charts began in the 1950s, having accumulated worldwide sales of 33 million copies,” and is the best-selling single worldwide of all time.
On release in September 1997, “Candle in the Wind 1997″ entered number one in the UK, John’s fourth UK number one single, and became the best-selling single in UK Chart history. In October it became John’s ninth U.S. number one single, where it topped the Billboard Hot 100 for 14 weeks, and is the best-selling single in Billboard history, and the only single ever certified Diamond in the U.S.
“Candle in the Wind 1997″ topped the German Singles Chart for seven weeks, the Australian ARIA Charts for six weeks, reached number one in Japan, Canada, France and music charts around the world.
The 1997 version won John the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 40th Grammy Awards ceremony in 1998. and poignantly ironic omission was the line, “Even when you died, the press still hounded you…” which was replaced with the lyric, “Even though we try, the truth brings us to tears…”
<|endofexample|>
The United States has asked a federal court in Camden, N.J., to bar Doris E. Baules, who operates D’Vazquez Tax Solutions, from preparing tax returns for others, the Justice Department announced today. According to the government complaint, Baules continually and improperly claimed the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) on her clients’ returns to enable them to receive erroneous tax refunds. The suit alleges that the defendant improperly increases their EITC claims.
According to the complaint, the Internal Revenue Service U.S. Treasury caused by Doris Baules’ misconduct is estimated to be as high as $6.2 million.
<|endofexample|>
News and Press Releases
Archives: 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002
Chicago Man Pleads Guilty to Bringing Minor to Illinois for Prostitution; Admits Forced Sex-trafficking of Four Victims
CHICAGO — A Chicago man is facing a mandatory minimum of 10 years and a maximum sentence of life in prison after pleading guilty today to transporting a minor from Wisconsin to Illinois for prostitution. The defendant, CARL BRANDON SMITH, also admitted that he engaged in forced sex-trafficking of the victim, as well as a second minor and two young adult women. Between 2010 and early 2012, Smith forced his victims to engage in commercial sex acts, used physical violence, and threatened to kill them if they ever left him. The guilty plea was announced by Gary S. Shapiro, Acting United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, and Thomas R. Trautmann, Acting Special Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Smith, also known as “Moo,” 25, of Chicago, is scheduled to be sentenced on April 5 by U.S. District Judge Amy St. Eve. Smith has remained in federal custody since he was arrested last April last and charged with two counts of sex-trafficking of a minor and by force, two counts of sex-trafficking by force, and one count of transporting a minor across state lines to engage in prostitution.
According to a plea agreement, Smith met Victim B in December 2010 and began contacting her via phone, text, and social media, asking her to move to Chicago, intending that she be his “girlfriend” and also engage in prostitution. In February 2011, Smith drove from Chicago to Victim B’s residence in Wisconsin, and then drove her from Wisconsin to his apartment in Chicago, acknowledging that she was under 18 at the time.
Once in Chicago, Smith “dated” Victim B for approximately a week before Victim B began working as a prostitute under his employ. Between February and July 2011, Victim B engaged in commercial sex acts at Smith’s direction. Smith acted as Victim B’s pimp, advertised her for commercial sex on internet sites, and instructed her to have sex with customers in his apartment and in area motels. Victim B had sex with numerous men per week and gave a portion of the money she earned to Smith.
As part of the guilty plea, Smith stipulated that he acted as a pimp for Victim A, also a minor, and forced her to engage in prostitution during 2010. Smith inflicted physical violence on Victim A when she gave him “attitude” or when she indicated that she no longer wanted to work as a prostitute. On one occasion, Smith beat Victim A so severely that one eye swelled shut.
Similarly, Smith stipulated to using and threatening violence against both Victims C and D, both adults, while acting as their pimp and forcing them to engage in commercial sex acts in 2011 and early 2012.
The DuPage County Sheriff’s Office, the Naperville and Aurora police departments, and the Cook County Human Trafficking Task Force assisted in the investigation. The government is being represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Christopher Grohman and Felicia Manno Alesia.
Direct: (312) 353-5318, Cell: (312) 613-6700
<|endofexample|>
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT
AUSA VICKIE E. LEDUC or
MARCIA MURPHY at 410-209-4885
June 2, 2011
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
ARMY DOCTOR INDICTED FOR ILLEGALLY DISTRIBUTING OXYCODONE
In Just 3 Months Allegedly Distributed at Least 3,000 30mg Oxycodone Tablets from Illegal Prescriptions
Baltimore, Maryland - A federal grand jury has indicted Dr. Joffre Erwin Robalino, age 43, of Columbia, Maryland, for conspiracy to distribute and possess with intent to distribute oxycodone. The indictment was returned on June 1, 2011, and unsealed today at Dr. Robalino’s initial appearance. Dr. Robalino was arrested last night. At his initial appearance today Chief U.S. Magistrate Judge Paul W. Grimm ordered that Robalino be released on home detention with electronic monitoring under the supervision of U.S. Pretrial Services.
The indictment was announced by United States Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Ava Cooper-Davis of the Drug Enforcement Administration - Washington Field Division; Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal Investigative Service - Mid-Atlantic Field Office; and Special Agent in Charge Nicholas DiGiulio, Office of Investigations, Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services .
“The alleged criminal action of Dr. Robalino, a military doctor for the U.S. Army, is very disappointing,” stated Drug Enforcement Administration Special Agent in Charge Ava A. Cooper-Davis. “Professionals, such as doctors or pharmacists, who knowingly abuse their power and the public trust to illegally dispense drugs are common drug dealers - no different than those selling illicit drugs on the street. Nobody is above the law. This type of illegal conduct will not be tolerated and will be investigated vigorously by our DEA Tactical Diversion Squads,” stated Cooper-Davis.
According to the indictment and affidavit filed in support of a search warrant for Robalino’s residence and vehicle, Robalino is a doctor and an active duty Army Captain employed at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. According to the affidavit, from March 9, 2011 to May 25, 2011, Robalino allegedly wrote 16 prescriptions for oxycodone/oxymorphone products in the names of his wife and mother. The prescriptions were allegedly filled at 11 different pharmacies and paid for by TriCare, a military health insurance plan. A total of 3,525 oxycodone tablets were dispensed. According to the affidavit, a typical oxycodone prescription is written for a 30 day supply of the dug. The prescriptions written by Dr. Robalino were filled just a few days apart at different pharmacies and far exceed the amount of pills two people could consume for legitimate purposes.
The affidavit further alleges that during that same period, Robalino wrote prescriptions in the names of other individuals who were not his patients, sometimes without that person’s knowledge, filled the prescriptions himself or had others pass the prescriptions, then sold the oxycodone to other individuals for their personal use or to distribute to others. The affidavit alleges that Robalino sold at least 3,000 30 mg oxycodone tablets for $10 - $12 per tablet with pills obtained from prescriptions through these individuals.
If convicted, Robalino faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.
An indictment is not a finding of guilt. An individual charged by indictment is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty at some later criminal proceedings.
United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the DEA Tactical Diversion Squad, DCIS, and HHS-OIG for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant United States Attorney Mushtaq Gunja, who is prosecuting the case.
<|endofexample|>
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT
AUSA VICKIE E. LEDUC or
MARCIA MURPHY at 410-209-4885
January 4, 2010
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Knight’s plea agreement, in the early 1970s, a street gang that went by the name of “the Bloods” was formed.. are prosecuting the case, and Baltimore City Assistant State’s Attorneys Staci Pipkin and Brandis Marsh, who assisted in the prosecution.
<|endofexample|>
About
The-6479 fax/p>
Branch Office
610 Federal Plaza
Central Islip NY 11722-4454
(631)715-7900/(631)715-7922 fax
The Department of Justice believes that it is important to keep victims/witnesses of federal crime informed of court proceedings and what services may be available to assist you.
<|endofexample|>
Centerville Woman Faces Fraud Charges For Using Her Daughter's Federal Benefits
ERIE, Pa. ‑ A resident of Centerville, Pennsylvania, has been indicted by a federal grand jury in Erie on charges of theft of government property, false statements and social security fraud, United States Attorney David J. Hickton announced today.
The four‑count indictment named Susan Lynn Woodcock, 43, as the sole defendant.
According to the indictment presented to the court, from Sept. 2006 to June 2009, Woodcock, after applying to receive Supplemental Security Income ("SSI") Benefits on her daughter's behalf, knowingly and willfully converted those benefits to her own use. By doing so, Woodcock received payments, valuing approximately $21,576, to which she knew she was not entitled. Christine A. Sanner is prosecuting this case on behalf of the government.
The Social Security Administration, Office of the Inspector General conducted the investigation leading to the indictment in this case.
An indictment or information is an accusation. A defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.
Protect yourself from fraud, and report suspected cases of financial fraud to local law enforcement.
<|endofexample|>
?
At The District Church, we want to be centered around and excelling in worship, community and justice; we want to be a church that seeks to love God, to love our neighbors, and to love the city to which God had called us. If you look on the church’s website (), one of our first descriptors is “A Church for the City.”
This vision and passion is built upon God’s words to the Israelite people in exile in Babylon in the 6th century BC:
“Seek the welfare of the city where I have sent you into exile, and pray to the Lord on its behalf, for in its welfare you will find your welfare” (Jeremiah 29:7).
Washington, DC is a fascinating city. On the one hand, it is a city rich in culture and history, a city to which movers and shakers come from all over the world, a city that leads the country in terms of life expectancy, education and income.
And yet it is also a city with devastating poverty, a struggling public education system, and an HIV infection rate higher than many sub-Saharan African nations—it’s estimated that one in every twenty adults in DC has the infection.
People come to DC to change the country, to change the world … and yet changing the city is often overlooked. We want to be a church that seeks to make a genuine, tangible difference in the place to which we have been called.
Moreover, community is hard to find in a city whose transience is so ingrained by the political cycles; in this context, we want to be a church that provides.
<|endofexample|>
Rooney Mara Replacing Blake Lively in 'Side Effects'
Rooney Mara is taking over Blake Lively‘s role in the upcoming Steven Soderbergh thriller Side Effects.
Also starring in the film, about a woman who turns to prescription meds to cope with the anxiety of the upcoming release from prison of her husband, are Jude Law and Channing Tatum, Deadline reports.
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Rooney Mara
Filming is set to begin in April, and the film will be released in 2013.
DO YOU THINK Rooney Mara is a better fit for the role?
Like Just Jared on Facebook
Credit: Marc Stamas, Alberto E. Rodriguez; Photos: Getty Posted to: Blake Lively, Rooney Mara
54 Comments
great decision. that makes the movie worth watching. go Rooney!
Hahahahahahahaha….that is all.
Awesome!! Rooney can actaully act (and she’s good at it) unlike Blake.
I think Blake Lively woulda have been good too (she was good in The Town), but I like Rooney Mara more.
bwaaahahahahahahahaa that gotta hurt! You don’t need to sleep around with a-list to get a job! Just be a good actress POINT BLANK PERIOD
I wonder how can they do that if they already had cast Blake? I guess no contract was made yet…why announce it then? Oh well.
Rooney looks like Demi Moore 2.0.
Neither of these women get to where they are w/o sleeping around.
Serves her right. Her people keep running their mouth when her role wasn’t confirmed as they have in the past. I’m glad Rooney got it. She can actually act.
Thats like asking whats better a better movie citizen kane or the hottie and the nottie?
Mara is an Oscar nominated sensation – Blake is just an average but good looking actress
No brainer.
@tara: There was some company who was investing, but as soon as Blake was part of the project they pulled out. Obviously. She’s the worst actress ever. With Rooney the movie is bound to be great.
The role never belonged to Lively in the first instance, so Rooney is not getting her left overs.
They should have replaced Channing Tatum while they were at it. I like when real actors replace talentless eye candy.
I actually find Blake pretty,but in terms of acting eh. Even in pictures she never has any expressions. Just very bland
I was very impressed w/Rooney in The Girl W/Dragon Tattoo. I wanna see more of her. People kinda criticize her calling her cold,but to me she seems very shy and nervous in interviews. I find it cute.
idk,I see alot of potential in her. I’m excited
@Sayer: Right, that’s why Rooney received an Oscar nomination last week. Demi Moore has never been close to getting that kind of attention. I doubt she slept with Terrence Malick, a recluse, who also gave her a lead role in Lawless.
Everything about Blake is overrated. Her looks and her….”talent”. I’m glad Rooney got it. I’m tired of people sleeping and trashing their way to get roles.
Blake is not leading lady material.
for a part like that, it was a good choice. blake is beautiful, so is rooney. they are completely different types of women. for a funny light movie blake would have worked, for a darker or more serious movie rooney will probably work. no need to attack either one of them. they both have their places in cinema.
yeaah! in your face Lively
rooney like her or not for her dubious interviews, IMO, she is a real good actress as she proved in TGWTDT. More believable also because she is not typical HW beauty. Blake, ha, any b itchy looking blonde could play on gossip girl. leighton is better anyway.
Blake isnt good enough for this roll
Hate Lively, so this news makes me happy. Rooney Mara is a much more talented actress. Sorry Blake, stick to showing up at every single Hollywood event in a new dress, that’s what you do best.
Good luck to Rooney
But how odd the Blake haters are still here to spread their lies
So the liars allege slept with Sodebergh too? And which red carpert has she been in this year? The one Jason Wu event?
LOL her haters seek her out at events and see/namecheck her even when shes not there.
Asking which I prefer more is the Sophie’s choice of unlikeable actresses; like being asked to choose a viper or a tarantula as a cuddle buddy. Rooney is the consummate entitled actress and Blake is the consummate casting couch actress. I would prefer neither to be honest. If Blake got the role she would be fluttering around with Ryan Reynolds or whoever-the-hell for publicity and if the movie goes badly “Aloof” Rooney won’t hesitate to say she didn’t want the role because it was stupid and she TRIED and TRIED to sabotage the audition but goddamn it she got it anyway (as if she couldn’t turn down the role) and then chat nonsense about how she really is an edgy, cool Lisbeth incarnate (and fail miserably at convincing anyone) and finally make a weak argument that she isn’t spoiled (which again no one will believe, because she would have spent the entire media tour being condescending and critical of the opportunities she was afforded). At least Blake would be publicly gracious, however she actually feels privately because she only leaks personal information. Whatever. I won’t be seeing it, Soderbergh or not.
Rooney is so BEAUTIFUL !
@BloodbuzzOhio: I compared Mara to Moore in terms of LOOKS.
Pages: [1] 2 3 » Show All
<|endofexample|>
Dakota Fanning: 'Very Good' Poetry Reader
Dakota Fanning shows off her stripes as she gets some more filming done on the set of her upcoming movie Very Good Girls on Monday (July 23) in New York City.
The next day, the 18-year-old actress was spotted reading a collection of Sylvia Plath poetry titled Ariel on set.
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Dakota Fanning
Over the weekend, Dakota was joined by her co-star Clark Gregg on the set of the film. Clark plays Dakota‘s father in the coming-of-age flick, which is slated for release next year.
Like Just Jared on Facebook
Photos: SplashNewsOnline Posted to: Dakota Fanning
3 Comments
I hate her so much
@Chiara: why?
Lovely girl…
<|endofexample|>
Emma Watson Hearts NY
Brown University student Emma Watson shows off her love for New York as she arrives at Heathrow Airport in London on Sunday afternoon (September 20).
The 19-year-old Harry Potter actress has been studying up a storm at the Ivy League college but made a little time to come home for a bit to visit with her family.
Emma recently teamed up with People Tree to create her own line of fashion friendly clothes. The collection will be aimed at bringing fair trade and organic fashion to the 16-24 age group and Emma is acting as creative advisor.
Posted to: Emma Watson
Related posts:
17 Comments
beautiful as ever! hope everything is going well at uni.
loveeeee her! I like the shoes :)
LOVE HER
She’s adorable!
This must mean she’s going to attend some of the London Fashion Week shows :)
OMG OMG OMG OMG i swear i was wearing the exact same shoe and i got it from ZARA and when i opened just jared i didnt believe that me and emma wore the same shoe in the same day YAY :) :D
OMG i was in the mall i came and opened just jared and i was shocked that emma was wearing the same shoe as mine that i wore today and u the girl who liked the shoe u can find it at ZARA i hope its still there cuz i bought it like before 1 month yay iam so happy the is the second time :) the first time was mileys shirt :d this id my lucky day
she’s so pretty.
She is such a natural beauty. Does this mean she’ll be at the Burberry show! Of all shows, that’s the one to be at. Jealous!
she is just so perfect!
anyone know where her blazer is from?
the blazer is by american eagle. i was excited when i saw this because i own it!!! and the bag is by lacoste.
GORGEOUS!! I’m assuming she’s going back to the UK to do some more filming before classes start at Brown. She looks great even when she’s dressed down. I can’t wait to buy some things from People Tree…it really is a great company! :D
I’m going to have to change my name since there’s another “me.” ;)
Gah, so adorable, wow! I bet she’s visiting Dan Rad, :P
Gorgeous!
Love her!
I think she is in town for the Buberry show, not filming. I can’t wait for pics from that show? Is there an afterparty.
I love that girlÂ¡Â¡Â¡Â¡Â¡
well i’m a harry potter fan…
and they rock
^^
good luck emma
She should date joe jonas!
my favourate teen age girl is Emma watson .if i am harry potter so i propose her .
good luck emma
Comment and Share!
<|endofexample|>
The Twilight Saga: Total Eclipse of the Heart -- IN PICS!
The Eclipse cast looks on while costar Bryce Dallas Howard says something about the film in this first look at Jimmy Kimmel Live's "The Twilight Saga: Total Eclipse… Read More Here
Posted to Dakota Fanning, Eclipse, Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattison, Taylor Lautner, Xavier Samuel
<|endofexample|>
Tickets are ?8 in advance and ?10 on the door.
It will be free entry and bar-goers will be treated to both live and DJ sets from some of the Just Music favourites as they sit back and salivate over the brand new global beats food menu. The line up for launch night includes LEO ABRAHAMS live plus DJ sets from JON HOPKINS and LAROCA.
Wednesday 26th April will also celebrate the 17th April release of Escapism, a new chill out compilation series. Compiled and mixed by A&R guru Ben Sowton (Galaxy Radio, Bargrooves), Escapism will exclusively feature Just Music artists and will be released on Seamless Recordings.
8pm - 2am
The White House website
<|endofexample|>
(28/02/2011 09:01 PM)Polly A Wrote: Hi Everyone
Im just new to this site and was wondering what the discovery weekends are like. Im 40 and wanted to know what age group to expect. I was thinking of going to Madeira in August, but would it be better to go on a discovery weekend first or just jump right in!!!.
<|endofexample|>
Career and Technical Education
careerandcollegeready@k12.wa.us
(360) 725-6245
Start with Your Imagination – Grow the Skills You Need
You are entering a highly competitive workforce based on a global knowledge and information economy. To be career and college ready, you need to be able to integrate and apply 21st century skills, technical knowledge and skills, and core academic knowledge. With an emphasis on real world, real life skills, Career and Technical Education – Washington connects you to academics and training that will help you be successful in the future. Our goal is that every Washington public school student will graduate from high school globally competitive for work and postsecondary education and prepared for life in the 21st century. No matter what your dream, you can pursue it through CTE.
Check out the hundreds of career options available to you on our Career Clusters pages.
Check out Apprenticeship Options and learn about how you can prepare for apprenticeships that let you learn while you earn in an academically rich, rigorous work environment.
Each year, thousands of CTE students graduate from high school with career goals, job skills and leadership skills knowing exactly where they will go next to further their academic and hands-on education and training. Find your passion and become one of those students! Learn more at Preparing for Your Future.
CTE is at the front of innovation in education in Washington. There is nothing more exciting than seeing students engaged in studies that push them to their limits.
*The CTE brand logo, brand positioning theme and brand extensions are the property of NASDCTEc..
Old Capitol Building, PO Box 47200, 600 Washington St. S.E., Olympia, WA 98504-7200 (360) 725-6000 TTY (360) 664-3631
Contact Us | A-Z Index | Site Info | Staff Only | Education Data System (EDS)
<|endofexample|>
The straw that broke the camel's back… maybe, possibly, hopefully
by Kaci Johanna • Thursday, April 30, 2009 • Etc. • 0 Comments
Pete called just a few minutes ago to tell me about an interesting encounter he had this afternoon while working outside, before he left for work. Apparently some “tweaker” (see definition two) drove by the house and told him that some of his tweaker buddies were talking about stealing the boat motor. It’s locked...Read more →
<|endofexample|>
Order Checks
Get Your Next Box Fast
When you order a new box of checks, you'll be taken to the Harland Clarke website here. Just follow the online instructions, stop by the branch, call 503-813-3242 (toll free 866-813-3242) or email comments@kaipermnw.org and we'll order your checks fast.
- Order your checks now click here
<|endofexample|>
, 2006
Mixology Monday III: Mint
Filed in: Mixology Monday [...]
Imb [...]
Filed in: Uncategorized [...]
Molecular Mixology
The [...]
Filed in: Uncategorized
Coffee – Mixology Monday [...]
Filed in: Mixology Monday
Imbibe – May/June 06 – Part II
As the hours of the day ticked away, a newly familiar magazine crossed my mind more than a few times. I can’t think of the last time I actually consciously looked forward to reading a magazine this much – maybe back in the days when I eagerly anticipated the arrival of the next issue of [...]
Filed in: Uncategorized
Imb [...]
Filed in: Uncategorized
<|endofexample|>
By Karen Asp
You're on a quest for flat abs. Trouble is, you suffer from heartburn, and traditional crunches set your chest on fire. Are you doomed to a tubby tummy? Fortunately, no, says Jennifer Cassetty, a certified personal trainer and fitness consultant in New York. When training your core, keep these heartburn-friendly strategies in mind:
1. Avoid face-up positions. Strike crunches, reverse sit-ups, V-ups and any exercise where you're lying face up. These exercises can trigger heartburn because they increase pressure in your abdomen, which can push stomach acid back up into your esophagus. In addition, when you're flat on your back, your esophagus is on the same level as your stomach, which makes it easier for reflux to occur.
2. Keep your heart above your hips. By staying as upright as possible, you enlist the aid of gravity to help keep stomach acid down in your stomach, where it belongs. So instead of plank on the floor, get into a plank position with your forearms on a stability ball to keep your chest elevated.
3. Experiment with equipment. Stability balls, dumbbells and medicine balls offer alternative ways to tighten those abs. This type of exercise can be more heartburn-friendly than traditional situps. For example, try sitting on the floor and doing side-to-side twists with a medicine ball.
4. Know that your abs are getting a workout even when you least suspect it.You might not think you're doing much for your abs if you're not targeting them specifically. Yet you can get good core benefits from cardiovascular activities, like elliptical training, or lower body exercises -- including lunges and squats -- with free weights.
5. Don't be afraid to train every day.Because you use your abs every day, even when you're just walking, it's OK to train them daily, notes Cassetty. Her recommendation: three sets of 20 to 25 repetitions per day. One caveat: If you're working those abdominals to fatigue, train them on non-consecutive days no more than three times a week.
6. Don't forget about cardio and healthy eating."Core training might give you stronger abs, but it won't get rid of fat over those abdominals," says Cassetty. To shed that fat, you have to include cardio activity and a healthy diet in your regimen. Then train those abdominals, and you'll be that much closer to a tighter tummy..
<|endofexample|>
SATURDAY, July 21 (HealthDay News) -- Ever eye a bowl of potato salad or plate of chicken that's been sitting in the sun for hours and wonder if it's still OK to eat?
Warm weather means that bacteria in food can multiply faster and potentially pose a health threat, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warns.
The FDA offers the following safety advice to help prevent foodborne illnesses during barbecue and picnic season:
- Wash your hands well and often with soap and water for 20 seconds, especially after using the bathroom and before cooking or eating. If there are no water taps available, use a water jug, some soap and paper towels or moist disposable towelettes.
- Keep raw food separate from cooked food. Do not place cooked food on a plate that previously held raw meat, poultry, seafood or anything else and hasn't been cleaned in hot, soapy water.
- Marinate food in the refrigerator, not on the counter. Don't reuse marinade that contained raw meat.
- Cook food thoroughly in order to kill any harmful bacteria that may be present. Use a food thermometer to make sure food has reached the recommended minimum temperature, which is 160 degrees F for hamburger and 165 degrees F for chicken. If you use the microwave, stove or oven to partially cook food to reduce grilling time, do so immediately before you place the food on the barbeque.
- Try to refrigerate or freeze leftovers immediately. Never leave food out for more than an hour when the temperature is above 90 degrees F.
- Keep hot foods at or above 140 degrees F and keep cold foods at or below 40 degrees F.
More information
The U.S. Department of Agriculture, Food Safety and Inspection Service has more about summer and foodborne illness.
<|endofexample|>
FRIDAY, Nov. 30 (HealthDay News) -- Differences in eye movements suggest that men and women have different ways of looking at things, according to a new study.
Researchers had male and female volunteers view still images from films and pieces of art and found that although women made fewer eye movements than men, the women's eye movements were longer and to more varied locations.
The largest differences in eye movements were noted when the participants viewed images of people. With photos of heterosexual couples, both men and women preferred looking at the woman rather than the man, but this preference was stronger among women.
And although men were only interested in the faces of the couple, women's eyes were also drawn to the other parts of the couples' bodies, particularly that of the female, said the researchers at the University of Bristol, in England.
The findings were published Nov. 30 in the journal PLoS One.
"The study represents the most compelling evidence yet that, despite occupying the same world, the viewpoints of men and women can, at times, be very different," study leader Felix Mercer Moss, a doctoral student in the computer science department, said in a university news release.
Men and women look at different things because they interpret the world differently, the researchers suggested.
For example, the pictures preferred by the women in the study were the same ones that produced the most distinct "looking patterns." Similarly, the pictures with the most room for difference in interpretation (those with people) produced the greatest differences between where women and men looked, the study found.
When encouraged to look for "threat" in an image, men made direct eye contact with the pictured faces, while women shifted their gaze slightly downward to the nose and mouth of these faces.
More information
Visit the U.S. National Center for Biotechnology Information to learn more about gender differences in perception.
<|endofexample|>
Eagle+ digital subscriptions | E-Eagle | Manage Delivery
70°F
90°/69°
Complete Forecast
WEATHER ALERT
Black Top Nationals, Wichita, Ks. Saturday, Aug 28, 2010.
Link to image
| Buy this photo
Mike Hutmacher / The Wichita Eagle
Related stories: BlackTop Nationals to feature longer hours this year | Cars line Douglas on first day of BlackTop Nationals | Auction and Douglas cruise highlight BlackTop Nationals
<|endofexample|>
Northern Iowa swept Kansas State 3-0 (25-18, 25-13, 25-21) in the first round of the NCAA volleyball tournament Thursday in Lincoln, Neb.
Northern Iowa never trailed in the opening set after taking a 5-1 lead, and dominated the second set as well after grabbing a 6-2 lead. K-State took a 4-1 lead in the third set. Northern Iowa regained the lead 6-5, stretched it to 13-9 and forced K-State to call a timeout. The Wildcats managed to pull within 21-19 and 22-20, but UNI’s Megan Lehman had a kill and a block to make it 24-20. K-State fought off one match point, but Macy Ubben ended the match with her 11th kill.
Northern Iowa had a .321 attack percentage while K-State hit just .164. Three UNI players had 11 kills. Nobody from K-State had more than Kaitlynn Pelger’s seven. Caitlyn Donahoe had 25 assists and eight digs for the wildcats.
K-State (21-9) ends the season on a four-match losing streak.
Northern Iowa (25-9) will play Nebraska (24-6) or Maryland Eastern Shore on Friday, with the winner advancing to the round of 16.
<|endofexample|>
A house party attended by juveniles was underway in the 1300 block of South Ida on Sunday morning when three men in their 20s with their faces obscured entered the house and fired several rounds into the ceilings and walls.
The gunshots at around 3 a.m. on Sunday prompted a call to 911 saying there had been a drive-by shooting, according to Sgt. Bart Brunscheen, spokesman for the Wichita Police Department.
The men with the guns had already left by the time Wichita police officers arrived. But officers were told that a fight had broken out earlier between one man and six others. The six men left the party and three later returned. They demanded cash and cell phones. Once they received those, Brunscheen said, they fled the scene.
No one was injured by the gunfire.
A crime lab was called to the scene.
<|endofexample|>
Clearwire Corp. investor Crest Financial said the Federal Communications Commission should block Sprint Nextel Corp.’s takeover of the company, as well as a separate deal between Sprint and Softbank Corp.
Sprint Connection
Clearwire shareholder wants FCC to block Sprint deals
January 4
Bloomberg News
Crest Financial said the deals undermined the value of Clearwire’s airwaves.
The firm plans to file its complaint with the FCC before the Jan. 28 comment deadline on the two deals, said David Schumacher, general counsel for Houston-based Crest Financial. He spoke on a conference call with reporters Friday.
 Overland Park-based Sprint, saying it undervalued Clearwire, which is majority-owned by Sprint. After the Softbank deal was announced in October, Sprint moved to acquire the rest of Clearwire for $2.97 a share last month. Clearwire’s board signed off on the transaction.
Mike DiGioia, a spokesman for Clearwire, declined to comment on Crest’s remarks. Scott Sloat, a spokesman for Sprint, and Justin Cole at the FCC in Washington could not be reached for comment..
<|endofexample|>
Zoological District Resident (Jackson/Clay County MO) pricing is only $5 Adults, $4.50 Seniors, $4.00 children 3-11. Regular Pricing $11.50 Adults; $10.50 Seniors; $8.50 Children ages 3-11. 2 and under are free.
Three Zoos in One became the theme of the 2020 Masterplan for the Kansas City Zoo.Six strategies helped guide the development of the plan:1. Animals first: Expand the Zoo's collection in powerful strategic ways.2. Redirect discussions concerning size: create the feeling of "the Zoo is just right for me" keeping in mind wayfinding, comfort and transportation. Create "Zoo's within a Zoo" or "Three Zoo's for the Price of One."3. Become ultra-family friendly: provide more interactive areas and experiences that cater to family groups.4. Enhance real connections between guests and animals and staff: increase keeper interaction and education programming.5. Increase revenue through entrepreneurial zones: create synergy of food service and retail with animal exhibits and experiences.6. Increase revenue through corporate and private sponsorships and partnerships: develop compelling opportunities within exhibits as well as around exhibits.Tiger Trail Sumatran Rainforest Orangutan Canopy Predator CanyonPenguin Plaza African Safari Okavango Elephant Proposed LayoutCongo Gorilla Encounter Proposed LayoutGiraffe Feeding Station Proposed Layout
<|endofexample|>
Two people are killed in separate crashes in Butler County overnight.
The first happened just before midnight at Highway 77 and SW 120th Street, south of Augusta. One person, identified as 38-year-old Charles White of Douglas, was killed in that crash.
According to our news partners at KFDI, White's two daughters, ages two and three, were standing next to his body when emergency crews arrived. Both were taken to a hospital in Wichita with potentially serious injuries. They are expected to be okay.
The second crash happened near the town of Benton. A passerby called 911 after seeing the wreckage on Highway 254 east of town.
The driver of that car, identified as 18-year-old Austin Taylor of Valley Center, was thrown from the car and pronounced dead at the scene.
There were no witnesses to the crash, but authorities say the car left the roadway for some reason, then rolled several times.
<|endofexample|>
The first salvo of the Great Burger-Beer-Bourbon Skirmish of 2012 was fired June 8. The last salvo was also fired June 8. There were no casualties or damage, and to be honest, it was a one-sided skirmish.
Via Twitter, Owen & Engine in Logan Square fired on Publican Quality Meats in Fulton Market. Aside from a handful of retweets and stray comments, the war itself remained mercifully passive-aggressive, dumb and brief. PQM never bothered to fire back, or even respond, though it certainly had reason to. O&E tweeted: "So PQM can't come up with their own specials, gotta steal ours. Least we know where BBB started."
The BBB it alluded to was its Tuesday night burger, beer and bourbon special. PQM had recently announced its own Tuesday night burger, beer and bourbon special. So in subsequent tweets (none of which PQM responded to), O&E began referring to its own BBB special as the original Chicago BBB special.
"You know, I think the average person understands offering a burger, beer and bourbon special one night a week isn't an incredibly original idea in the first place. But I guess they were trying to instigate something," said Andrea Tambourine, PQM assistant manager, who has not-so-surreptitious plans to check out O&E's Tuesday night BBB special. Indeed, there has even been very tentative talk between the burger slingers to settle this — patty-to-patty, or as the O&E tweet stream suggested, "Fisticuffs on the Flattop."
Until that happens, here's our take.
Publican Quality Meats
The deal: $10 burgers (the Publican burger and a weekly special); $5 bourbon shots; usual beer prices.
The burger:
The nice thing about eating a burger in a deli/butcher shop is that you know the meat will look all screwy and idiosyncratic — like a mom's attempt at replicating McDonald's — and Publican's gnarled, craggy patties have a lot of personality. The signature burger comes with a square yellow slice of American cheese, ample mustard, a spicy dill relish and a pile of balsamic red onion, held in place with a white-dusted potato bun. It's not too big, not too small, a perfectly sloppy blend of sirloin, skirt steak and chuck. Also, each week there is a special second burger. The week we attended, Justin Large (of Big Star) contributed a "'Fun' Dido Burger" topped with house-made chorizo, roasted salsa, Chihuahua cheese and poblano pepper. (Oh, almost forgot: Burgers come with crisp, excellent fries and a house-cured pickle delivering a bit of kick.)
The booze:
The Tuesday night we went, they poured a strong and caramelly Old Weller Antique bourbon. As for the beer: Generally, two drafts (one light, one dark) are offered and a smallish but well-chosen selection of bottles. (For example, Three Floyds' terrific and vaguely citrus-esque Zombie Dust pale ale, which is $6.)
Mitigating factors:
Pleasant outdoor patio. Offering a choice of burgers (and beers) is thoughtful. And despite the a la carte nature of this special, our tab for two wasn't significantly higher than the O&E bill.
Publican Quality Meats, 825 W. Fulton Market; 312-445-8977. Special runs 6 to 9 p.m. Tuesdays.
Owen & Engine
The deal: And what a deal. The burger, fries, pickle, beer and bourbon shot — $15.
The burger:
The kind of burger that bleeds, that leaves a pool of beef juice on the plate (and on your chin). A patty is a half-pound Slagel Farm grind of short ribs and brisket, dropped between a toasted, house-baked potato "bap" — or a crinkled, airy English-style bun. It's all topped with a second burger's worth of caramelized onions. Comes with textbook fries (crisp outside, molten in) and a creamy malt-vinegar aioli.
The booze:
Everything arrives at once. We received a black, malty German Kostritzer Schwarzbier holding a thick white head of foam; and the bourbon was a smallish shot of mildish Old Overholt rye whiskey. (The offered beer, our server explained, tends to be "something smooth and drinkable with a huge burger.")
Mitigating factor:
The beer and bourbon are selected by the bartender.
Owen & Engine, 2700 N. Western Ave.; 773-235-2930. Special runs 5 p.m. Tuesdays to 2 a.m. Wednesdays.
The winner
Owen & Engine. The price is crazy, the burger is one of the city's unsung treasures and the beer selection is can't-miss. That said, it's quality burgers and booze for cheap — if we could call a tie, we would.
cborrelli@tribune.com
Burgers, beer and bourbon smackdown
Two restaurants, similar specials on Tuesday nights
<|endofexample|>
Connect with Us
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
Now Playing
Shots - Health Blog
Nobel Winners Unlocked Cells' Unlimited Potential
Originally published on Mon October 8, 2012 1:28 pm
The two scientists who won this year's Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine discovered that cells in our body have the remarkable ability to reinvent themselves. They found that every cell in the human body, from our skin and bones to our heart and brain, can be coaxed into forming any other cell.
The process is called reprogramming, and its potential for new drugs and therapies is vast. If neurons or heart cells are damaged by disease or aging, then cells from the skin or blood potentially could be induced to reprogram themselves and repair the damaged tissue.
The winners — John Gurdon of the Gurdon Institute in Cambridge, England, and Shinya Yamanaka of Kyoto University in Japan and the Gladstone Institute in San Francisco — made their discoveries more than 40 years apart.
In 1962, Gurdon proved that a cell from a frog's stomach contained the entire blueprint to make a whole frog. When he took the cell's nucleus and popped it into a frog egg, the egg developed into a normal frog.
This method eventually was used to clone all sorts of animals, including cats, dogs, horses and, most famously, Dolly the sheep — the first mammal cloned from an adult cell. Gurdon, 79, continues to study reprogramming and was working in his lab when he received the call from the Nobel committee.
But a major obstacle stood in the way of further development of these stem cells: Getting the frog's stomach cell to strip away its specialization and turn into one of the 200 or so cell types known to exist in animals always required the use of an egg.
A question hung over the field for decades: Could a specialized cell reprogram itself all on its own?
In 2006, Yamanaka and graduate student Kazutoshi Takahashi found the answer, and it sent shockwaves through biology and medicine. They demonstrated that any cell could be reset and induced to develop into another cell type. And, even more remarkably, that it took little to get the job done.
Yamanaka and Takahashi took some cells from the skin of a mouse and then switched on four specific genes. After a few weeks, the cells stopped looking like skin cells and starting looking more like embryonic stem cells. That meant the cells could then be manipulated to develop into just about any cell Yamanaka wanted. He could even get the cells to form heart muscle that beat inside a Petri dish.
Yamanaka, 50, had essentially unlocked a cellular genie in the bottle. The discovery meant that a cell wasn't necessarily trapped in its fate to be, say, a skin, liver or heart cell. Rather, with the right instructions, a cell had the ability to strip away its specialization and become whatever cell the scientists chose. They called these new cells "induced pluripotent stem cells."
The landmark finding triggered thousands of studies. Researchers quickly wanted to learn how these new stem cells could be used to treat a vast array of diseases, such as Alzheimer's, muscular dystrophy and diabetes.
Although stem cell treatments for these diseases are still quite far away, the induced pluriopotent stem cells are turning out to be invaluable tools for studying hundreds of diseases. They can serve as a platform for screening drugs or for even simply testing how a patient will respond to a particular medicine.
The discoveries by Gurdon and Yamanaka have opened up a new era in personalized medicine, where each person's own cells may one day serve not only as a reservoir for fixing damaged tissue, but also as research tools for deciphering how diseases work inside each person's unique body.
Induced pluripotent stem cells also offer a possible alternative to human embryonic stem cells, which are controversial because they are obtained from embryos.
9(MDAxODM0MDY4MDEyMTY4NDA3MzI3YjkzMw004))
<|endofexample|>
$44.95
$76.00
41% Off
Return Policy: Sale items can only be returned for exchange or store credit.
The Obey New Threat Overdye Jeans in Otter
These Obey classic comfy five-pocket straight leg jeans are great for work or play. To have the best style in the neighborhood these jeans look amazing paired with a new Obey Tee.
- Button fly closure
- Side and back pockets
- Leather waistband patch
- 11" rise, 33" inseam
- 100% cotton.
By Obey
Size & Fit:
Model is wearing a size 32"
*Promo codes do not apply to this product
Shipping Restrictions Apply
(Style # OP1344-OTT)
Please enter a quantity.
Sorry, you've requested more of this item than is available.
<|endofexample|>
$180.00
Size: Please select a size
The Timberland Icon 6" Premium Boot in Burgundy Nubuck
These heavy duty suede work boots are stylish enough to wear anywhere from work to play. Rock the best Timberlands day or night to stay with the latest style trends.
*Padded smooth leather collar
*Black metal eyelets
*Matched stitching
*Rubber soles
*Silky suede leather
*Imported
By Timberland
Please enter a quantity.
Sorry, you've requested more of this item than is available.
<|endofexample|>
Velociraptor!
Released Sep 19, 2011
The 4th album, out now!
Tom hooked up with one of his all time heroes recently: Kevin Rowland of Dexy's Midnight Runners.
The NME caught up with Tom backstage at T in the Park last weekend.
Watch Kasabian shaking down the main stage at T in the Park.
The rain fell hard but that couldn't dampen spirits on Saturday as Kasabian took to the stage for Radio 1's Hackney Weekend.
Last night fans packed into Old Trafford to witness the Soccer Aid charity football match in aid of Unicef - and Kasabian's very own Sergio Pizzorno stole the show to be crowned Man Of The Match.
<|endofexample|>
Posted: Jan 9, 2013 4:29 PM by UL Sports Information
Louisiana head football coach Mark Hudspeth announced on Wednesday that defensive coordinator Greg Stewart will not return to the coaching staff for the 2013 season.
A search for Stewart's successor is underway.
"I would like to thank Greg for the contributions that he has made to help the Ragin' Cajuns win 18 games including a pair of New Orleans Bowl titles over the last two years," Hudspeth said. "His hard work and dedication helped make these things possible."
Stewart, a 24-year coaching veteran at the collegiate level, joined the Cajuns in 2011 when Hudspeth was named head coach. He previously serevd as an assistant coach at Jacksonville State for 18 seasons, starting as an asisstant coach working with the outside linebackers from 1989-94 before coaching the running backs (1995), defensive backs (1996) and defensive line (1997).
After a two-year stint as defensive coordinator at Delta State (1998-99), he returned to Jacksonville State in 2000 as defensive coordinator, a position he held for 11 seasons.
<|endofexample|>
Posted: Sep 24, 2010 7:03 AM by Posted by Sharlee Barriere
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) - Voters seeking to cast early ballots in the Oct. 2 election for lieutenant governor, judgeships, school board seats and other local races have until Saturday or will have to wait until election day.
Turnout so far has been light, with about 41,000 voters - or less than 2 percent - out of 2.9 million registered voters showing up for early voting, according to data from Secretary of State Jay Dardenne's office.
That's still well above the 26,000 people who early voted in the Aug. 28 congressional party primary elections.
Candidates have urged voters to consider casting their ballots early this year, because the election falls on a Saturday with LSU and other colleges playing home football games and with some hunting seasons under way.
Early voting began Sept. 18. Balloting is at parish registrar of voters' offices, though some parishes also have additional locations. Offices are open from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. More information is available at.
At the top of the ticket is an eight-candidate race for the lieutenant governor's seat, to fill the remaining year of the job left by Mitch Landrieu when he became mayor of New Orleans.
Two constitutional amendments also are on the ballot statewide. One would change the date of legislative sessions, to start them a few weeks earlier each year. The other would make 425 workers in the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness not subject to civil service rules and protections.
In southeast Louisiana, Republican voters will choose their candidate for the 3rd District congressional seat, between former state House Speaker Hunt Downer of Houma and New Iberia lawyer Jeff Landry. The winner will face Democrat Ravi Sangisetty in November.
Other races on the ballot include appellate court positions, district judge races, more than 900 municipal posts and nearly 650 school board seats, according to Dardenne's office.
Runoff elections as needed will be held Nov. 2.
<|endofexample|>
Full story
(0)
Posted by:
Katrina Christ Photographer, family photographer
Category:
<|endofexample|>
Dental Hygiene (180 ECTS credits)
Working as a dental hygienist entails supporting and helping people of all ages achieve good oral health. A dental hygienist enjoys a job full of both responsibility and autonomy where cooperation with dentists and other health care professionals is required. This program opens up possibilities for working abroad.
Education level: Basic level
Prerequisites: General admission requirements plus upper secondary level Mathematics B, Social Science A and Natural Science B (or Physics A, Chemistry A and Biology A) or equivalent (Field-specific eligibility 16(see kau.se/behorighet.General admission requirements, plus field-specific eligibility A14: Mathematics 2a or 2b or 2c, Social Science 1B or 1a1 1a2, and Natural Science 2 ( or Biology 1, Physics 1a or 1b1 1a2 and Chemistry 1)Dates of
"Dental Hygiene" starts:
* The online application service at antagning.se opens about one month before application deadline.
<|endofexample|>
Motel 6 Grand Prairie, TX
1108 North Highway 360, Grand Prairie, TX 75050
Motel 6 is conveniently located off Hwy 360. Less than 5 miles away you will find Six Flags Amusement Parks, Cowboys Stadium, Ball Park in Arlington, and Ripley's Wax Museum. There is also dining & shopping nearby and Free Wi-Fi in all guest rooms.
Availability
No rooms could be found on these dates.
Facts and Amenities for Motel 6 Grand Prairie, TX
Why KAYAK
- Compare hundreds of hotel sites at once across over 300,000 hotels worldwide.
- You could save 25% or more on the same hotel.
- We let you choose where to buy. Book directly on KAYAK or choose another site.
<|endofexample|>
Vassouras Eco Resort
Estrada Lacerda, 665, Vassouras 27700-000
Availability
No rooms could be found on these dates.
Facts and Amenities for Vassouras Eco Resort
Why KAYAK
- Compare hundreds of hotel sites at once across over 300,000 hotels worldwide.
- You could save 25% or more on the same hotel.
- We let you choose where to buy. Book directly on KAYAK or choose another site.
<|endofexample|>
Model Number: V965G
Category: Thermometers
Price: $15.00
18 related FAQ
Vicks Vicks ComfortFlex Thermometer V965G / V966G Details
Temporarily Out Of Stock
Excellent older thermometer that has stood the test of time. Kids even chewed the flexible tip, and it still gives accurate readings. After reading reviews on the newer "flexible" model, I think I will simply order another one of these!
Comment on this review
<|endofexample|>
Now Playing
Connect with Us
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
It's All Politics
11:35 pm
Tue December 4, 2012
Is A Recess Appointment Valid If The Senate Says It's Not Really Gone?
Originally published on Wed December 5, 2012 6:09 am.
Let's go back to that period nearly one year ago: It's Jan. 6, 2012. An aide is talking in a nearly empty chamber. She's reading a couple of lines that put Virginia Sen. Jim Webb, a Democrat, in charge.
Webb steps up, saying, "Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 11 a.m. on Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2012." And then, he pounds the gavel.
No votes. No legislation. No nominations. And 30 seconds later, no more Senate.
Whether that day in January and 19 more like it constituted legitimate business in Congress is a question for the federal appeals court.
What Counts As Recess?
The U.S. Constitution says the president needs to get advice and consent from the Senate before filling certain jobs, unless the openings come up during a recess. It's who defines recess that's the problem.
Miguel Estrada, a Washington lawyer, is representing the views of dozens of Republican senators.
"The Constitution itself says that each house of Congress is the master of its own rules," Estrada says — and "the master of its own rules" means the Senate is in charge.
Not so fast, says White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler.
"Our view is that a pro forma session at which the Senate, by its own definition, is not conducting any business and is unavailable to provide advice and consent on the president's nominees is, for all practical and functional purposes, in recess," Ruemmler told NPR earlier this year.
The issue is being litigated in more than a dozen cases in federal courts all over the country. But Wednesday's case comes from a Washington state company, Noel Canning, which bottles and distributes Pepsi-Cola products. The company is challenging an unfavorable decision by the National Labor Relations Board this year.
Big Implications
Noel Canning argues that the labor board can't force it to sign off on a collective bargaining agreement with the Teamsters union. In fact, the company says, the NLRB wasn't really fit to do business because three of its members were not appointed properly under the law.
The case is being closely watched by Lily Fu Claffee, the top lawyer at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
"The issue of whether the president's recess appointments are valid was going to get litigated one way or another, and we, on behalf of the business community, wanted to make sure that it got litigated as soon as possible and that we had certainty as soon as possible," Claffee says.
The Justice Department, which is arguing for the Obama administration, says the president was only fulfilling his constitutional responsibilities to keep government agencies running.
"If the president hadn't done what he did ... a really important agency responsible for enforcing workers' rights in the workplace would have literally gone dark," says Lynn Rhinehart, general counsel of the AFL-CIO. "It wouldn't have had enough members to actually function, and it wouldn't have been able to enforce the law."
The appeals court ruling could have big consequences for labor and business. The NLRB has acted in more than 200 cases since its new members arrived in January. All of those decisions — and dozens more that the three new members of the NLRB make before their terms expire late in 2013 — will be under a cloud of uncertainty until the federal courts weigh in.
9(MDA1MTczMTM4MDEyNzM1OTUxMzg5ZDUyMw004))
<|endofexample|>
Please enter a valid mileagefree dealer price quote
Please enter a valid mileagefree dealer price quote
out of 4Horsepower
(2nd of 4 vehicles)
For generations the standard automotive trophy for those who've succeeded financially in life has been the Porsche 911. Whether you want to show that you've arrived, or just enjoy the drive before you
Porsche has great respect for the 911's rich heritage; consequently, the brand favors modest evolutionary updates. Consider the Nissan GT-R or Audi R8 if you appreciate truly advanced design and engin
The
Read the Full 2012 Porsche 911 Review
Based on 4 Ratings for the 2012 - 2013 models.Review this car
By Dano (CA) on Friday, April 26, 2013
I own this car - My approximate mileage is 1,200overall rating 10 of 10rating details
Pros: "Stability and design"
Cons: "Cost"
Likely to recommend this car? (1-10): 10
"I owned a 2004 911 and loved it. I bought the 911 S Cabriolet and this car is miles ahead of that design. The seven speed manual transition is smooth and the hill hold feature is to die for! The redesign makes the car much more stable and the ride is a lot smoother my previous Porsche."
Was this review helpful to you? yes | no | report abuse
By k911 (CA) on Sunday, February 03, 2013
I own this car - My approximate mileage is 4,000overall rating 10 of 10rating details
Pros: "Head turner, sports icon"
Cons: "Ride is stiff"
Likely to recommend this car? (1-10): 10
"Had a few other sports cars but this one tops them all. You can feel the quality right away and the performance s outstanding. The ride is not the most comfortable but you trade it for the experience."
2 people out of 2 found this review helpful
Was this review helpful to you? yes | no | report abuse
in 3 simple steps
<|endofexample|>
The vehicle report you have just completed will be automatically forwarded along with your message.
Much higher than I expected
Somewhat higher than I expected
Very close to what I expected
Somewhat lower than I expected
Much lower than I expected
May we send you a follow-up email to inquire about the final transaction price for this vehicle?
(How soon should we send it)?
No
Yes, email me right away
Yes, email me in about 1 week
Yes, email me in about 2 weeks
Yes, email me in about 4 weeks
Yes, email me in about 6 weeks
<|endofexample|>
This page is the former website of KBK(Kyokuto Boeki Kaisha, Ltd.)
We renewed our company’s website (English) on October 1, 2010.
With the renewal, the page address might be different than what it was previously.
Please visit the latest home page from the link below. Those who are reregistering are asked to place this home page in their “Bookmark” or “Favorites” selections.
Top page
<|endofexample|>
Corvallis 100.7 FM • Hood River 91.9 FM • Portland 90.7 FM
<|endofexample|>
May 18, 2013
A popular Northgate pizza chain was reopened Wednesday afternoon after roaches forced its closure.
Papa John's Pizza in the 600 block of University Drive was shut down Tuesday after health inspectors said they found several roaches on the counter and floor.
Officials were following up on last week's inspection that turned up a third violation involving insects, according to inspectors.
According to the Brazos County Health Department, the roach problem has been remedied by pest control.
Papa John's was charged a $500 fine.
<|endofexample|>
Payment
You must make payment on tuition and fees before the term begins. We reserve the right to cancel the registration of any student who hasn’t made payment arrangements once the term has begun.
Maximum Loads
You may not take more than 18 credit hours per semester unless you obtain an exception from the registrar’s office and the program chair in your major.
First Semester Student?
Contact your admissions counselor if you have questions about registration.
<|endofexample|>
The Texas Attorney General filed a civil lawsuit Monday against Shon Perez and his wife Desiree. The suit claims both defrauded their customers and asked that their assets be frozen. That means they can't spend any more money on entertainment paid for with the money hundreds of people lost.
You may have noticed that when we confronted Extreme Fitness owner Shon Perez back in April, there was a Hummer in the background. That vehicle is his. He also has a Harley motorcycle and lives in a 2364 square foot home. Many of you had your suspicions where he spent the money he collected for membership dues. Court records show Perez collected at least $40,000 from about 800 consumers.
Dr. Jason White paid almost $1,000 for memberships for eight of his employees. "I am shocked," said Dr. White.
The Texas Attorney General filed a lawsuit in Lubbock District Court on Monday. After four months of investigating, they were able to find out that Perez and his wife spent money at numerous restaurants, bars, video stores, the Main Event, movies and so on. Their investigation also revealed he was using the money to pay the loans on his automobiles, including his Hummer, boat, house and he bought a LakeRidge Country Club membership with the money as well. It goes on to say the Perez's repeatedly transferred money between their business and personal accounts, which can explain why the AG's office wanted their assets frozen.
"I knew that when he cashed the check back in February and went and checked on the locks, I knew the money was spent. And when the reports came out in your investigation, and you saw the Hummer and boat and other stuff, you just knew where the money went," said Dr. White.
Back in April, the Perez's were supposed to open Extreme Fitness on Frankford. They promised top of the line fitness equipment, but now we know that equipment was never purchased, nor did they have the money to buy it, according to the AG's suit.
The Perez's have been charged for 17 violations under the Health Spa Act and 11 violations under the Deceptive Trade Practices Act. The Perez's are possibly facing a fine of at least $237,000. We also found out he may be the owner of Flex Fitness. We know he filed under an assumed name earlier this month for Flex Fitness.
In the meantime, if you would like to file a complaint with the AG's office, (click here).
<|endofexample|>
Now Playing
Connect with Us
Around the Nation
11:01 pm
Tue January 24, 2012
Irene's Floods Dry Up Business In Vermont Town
When Waterbury, Vt., got walloped by the remnants of Hurricane Irene, the small town sustained an estimated $9 million in damages to personal property, and countless millions more in lost business revenue. Five months later, the waters have receded, but Waterbury's future remains uncertain.
On Main Street, a church bell still chimes every day, but daily life in Waterbury hasn't been the same since Irene.
"It's palpable," says Bill Shepeluk, Waterbury's municipal manager. "You can sense that it's not as vibrant as it was."
He says about 200 properties in the town were hit by flooding — nearly a third of all its homes and businesses. But for residents, that's not the worst of it.
State Employees Gone
For decades, 1,500 employees worked at the sprawling state office complex along one end of Main Street. Irene's floodwaters inundated all 49 of the century-old red brick buildings. All but one of them was rendered uninhabitable.
That meant almost all those workers had to go to temporary offices elsewhere. They still haven't returned.
Shepeluk says the town felt the loss immediately. The 1,500 people who were once in and out of restaurants, grocery stores, and dry cleaners are now gone.
"You know, every job has a multiplier, so every dollar of payroll maybe translates into seven or eight or $12 and that dollar just gets circulated through a community," he says.
Loss In Business
More than half of Albert Caron's customers were state workers. His auto repair shop is just a block from the state office complex, and work has dropped off dramatically.
"I have nothing scheduled for next week, week after," Caron says. "Near lunchtime, usually I can probably figure out anywhere between eight and 10 walk-ins. Now, I get one if I'm lucky."
The irony of Waterbury's situation is that the town was in tough straights 30 years ago, when the state mental hospital occupied the buildings that have since been converted to the office complex.
It was that transformation — from state hospital to state offices — that triggered the town's renaissance.
Community Support
At Waterbury's winter farmers market, Mark Hall says residents in this close-knit community have been trying to support village businesses.
"The community is great," Hall says. "I mean, we do everything we can, but there's not enough of us to keep it going the way it was going before the flood."
The state has been studying whether it's financially feasible to renovate some of the aging buildings at the Waterbury complex so workers can return.
The question now is: How long can the village wait?
While many businesses struggle to hang on, people in town are fighting back. They've created ReBuild Waterbury, a nonprofit to help push along the recovery process.
"People are really, I think, committed to the community," says Amy Hoskins, who volunteers at the farmers market.
She says that before Irene the town was just hitting its stride, with the addition of things like a wine bar and performing arts studio.
"It had become sort of a more thriving lively place in the last few years," she says. "And to have Irene hit us when it did, has really set us back."
Looking Ahead
Like many others in town, Hoskins is hopeful that Waterbury's resilience will carry it through this new challenge. Shepeluk, the municipal manager, sees it as a challenge the town will rise to.
"The old adage is you have to adapt or you die," he says. "And we're in a position where we have to accept there's going to be change."
Meanwhile, the town looks ahead to March. That's when state government expects to make decisions about whether any state workers can return to Waterbury — and when.
9(MDAxMzc2NzY1MDEyOTc4NzE3NThmMjc5MA004))
<|endofexample|>
View Arrival Stories Map in a larger map
These are the tales of how L.A. residents became an Angeleno. From the Philippines and Mongolia to Ukraine and Chile, the map above shows the melting pot of cultures that make up the diverse communities of L.A.
Click on each pinpoint, and a link will take to you their Arrival Story. (Note: The map may not display properly on Chrome browsers. Try Firefox instead.)
Support for the Departures is provided through these funders as well as local community partners and viewers like you.
<|endofexample|>
A new CEO has been hired at the Washington Y.
Board Member Edie Nebel says Becky Harkema comes to Washington from the Northern York County YMCA in Maine where she has been the CEO since 2005.
Nebel says Harkema brings over 20 years of experience ranging from Wellness Director and Physical Director to Associate Executive to CEO.
Prior to her work in Maine, Harkema served as CEO for the Ottumwa Y for three years. Harkema’s first day at the Washington Y will be August 27th.
<|endofexample|>
SANTA MARIA, Calif. - The Santa Barbara County Agricultural Commissioner's Office is holding a public meeting at the Santa Maria Library regarding possible spraying of insecticides in the area. Beekeepers in the area plan on voicing their opposition.
Santa Maria Valley Beekeepers Association is at that meeting. From what they tell Central Coast News, their whole colony of bees are in danger if this pesticide is used.
Ronald Gromak walks up to one of the five bee colonies in his backyard. Gromak is the president of the Santa Maria Valley Beekeepers Association. He says the association will voice their concerns at an open forum with the Santa Barbara County Agricultural Commissioner's Office regarding two insecticides that may be sprayed throughout the county.
"The pesticides they use are inappropriate for the application," says Gromak.
The insecticides are called Tempo and Merit and they would be used to kill the Asian Citrus Psyllid, an insect that carries a disease that is fatal to citrus trees. The Santa Barbara Assistant Agricultural Commissioner says the insect has been found mostly in the San Diego and Los Angeles areas. But a state order could call for spraying up in the Central Coast.
"The material is toxic to other kinds of insects, so if there are some other insects on the trees when they are sprayed, then those insects will be killed," says Guy Tingos, Assistant Agricultural Commissioner.
But the insecticide could have long term effects.
A bee that goes out and picks up pollen from a plant that's been contaminated by the pesticide can bring that pollen back to the colony. And that pollen could contaminate the food for the larvae.
Gromak expressed concern for the safety of his bees. When asked what would happen if any spraying of the insecticide occurred nearby his house in Santa Maria, Gromak answered bluntly, "they'll die."
The Santa Barbara Assistant Agricultural Commissioner says the insecticides pose no health risk to people.
<|endofexample|>
Hi, welcome to KCRW's media player. To use this player, you must update to Flash 11.5 or higher (unfortunately some recent versions of Flash 11.4 are not compatible with our live streams).
Please download Flash by clicking here; follow the instructions to install or update the plugin and relaunch the player.
KCRW's new player allows you to access our 24/7 Live, Music and News streams, watch video of performances from Morning Becomes Eclectic and listen to our extensive catalog of on-demand daily shows and archives and bookmark your favorite shows!
If you prefer, you may access our Live, Music, and News channels using Itunes or Shoutcast here:
Live
Music
News
<|endofexample|>
:17 am
Tue August 28, 2012
Foreclosures Leave Holes In Voter Outreach.
And canvassers have been left with voter databases — an indispensable tool for getting out the vote — riddled with outdated addresses and phone numbers.
Since the housing crisis went full tilt in 2008, the same states continue to have the worst foreclosure markets, such as California, Florida, Arizona and Nevada.
Today, three of the eight states with the highest foreclosure rates are presidential battlegrounds: Florida, Ohio and Nevada. Candidate Barack Obama won these states in 2008, but voter frustrations about his economic policies have since led each state to elect Republican governors.
Both the Obama and Romney campaigns say they are working to locate displaced voters, but declined to discuss their methods.
Given months of polling showing that likely Republican voters are more engaged in the election, Democratic officials and strategists in both parties say the Obama campaign has the greater challenge of mobilizing its base.
African-Americans and Latinos, two groups whose turnout is critical to Obama's chances, have lost homes to foreclosure at disproportionately higher rates, according to the Center for Responsible Lending.
Here's a sampling of conditions in those three pivotal swing states:
Florida: Evictions Limit Door-Knocking In I-4 Corridor
Florida, with its 29 electoral votes, is the biggest prize. It also has had the most foreclosures behind California over the past four years. Currently, 1 in every 352 homes is in foreclosure proceedings, nearly double the national rate, according to market research firm RealtyTrac.
Central Florida, along the Interstate 4 corridor, is ground zero for troubled mortgages, as well as swing voters.
For instance, the Tampa area recorded the nation's highest increase, at 47 percent, in foreclosure activity in the first half of the year. Tampa and surrounding Hillsborough County voted for Obama in 2008, but elected a Republican governor and senator in 2010.
Republicans believe the shift demonstrates that their strategy of tying the slow recovery to Obama's policies is working.
"We have an aggressive and robust ground game to identify and turn out voters in the I-4 corridor and beyond, many of whom are these homeowners directly impacted by President Obama's failed leadership," says Jill Bader, a spokeswoman for the Florida Republican Party.
In Orange County, the foreclosure rate has reached 36 percent, particularly in some Orlando neighborhoods with large Latino populations that voted for Obama.
A southeast Orlando precinct that includes the Lake Frederica and Ventura Country Club communities has had 545 foreclosures completed in the past year, and another 925 homes are in process, RealtyTrac says. About 46 percent of the precinct's roughly 9,700 registered voters are Latino.
Evictions in the Orlando area have prompted Mi Familia Vota, which registers voters in states with large Latino populations, to delay the start of door-to-door canvassing and hold registration drives at high-traffic sites such as gas stations and supermarkets.
"The process takes a little longer ... because a lot of people who used to be in those residences aren't there anymore," says Jose Balasquide, the Florida director for Mi Familia Vota. "So we have to invest more time in cleaning the voter lists, and we're probably going to find a lot of discrepancies."
Ohio: Cleveland May Not Be Obama's Juggernaut Again
Ohio, one of the most reliable bellwethers, has voted for the winning candidate in every presidential election since 1964. The Romney campaign is targeting suburbs and smaller towns that lean toward Republican candidates, while the Obama campaign is trying to mobilize large metropolitan areas that delivered him the state in 2008.
Obama supporters are finding the task more difficult this year in Ohio's two largest cities, Columbus and Cleveland, where foreclosures are highest. In the first half of the year, more than 10,717 properties, or 1 in every 89 homes, were in foreclosure in Cleveland.
Most of the properties are on the city's heavily Democratic east side, where thousands of homes bear an "X," marked for demolition.
"You see it in every precinct," says Samara Knight, vice president of the Service Employees International Union in Cleveland, who is leading a voter canvassing effort. The SEIU has endorsed Obama.
Since 2008, more than 99,000 of Cleveland's registered voters have dropped off the rolls, a loss of 26 percent.
"If they have moved and haven't voted since 2008, then it's really impossible to find them. Then I have lost that person," Knight says.
Nevada: 'Ghost Towns' Set Back Voter Registration
Nevada had the nation's highest foreclosure rate for much of the past five years until it dropped to sixth in July, RealtyTrac says. Nevada also had 12 percent unemployment in July, the highest of any state.
The conditions have prompted residents to leave the state, complicating voter outreach. A scrubbing of the state voter list in April removed some 64,000 registered Democrats who have departed Nevada. By comparison, Democratic voters outnumbered Republicans by nearly 100,000 when Obama won Nevada in 2008.
During a nonpartisan registration drive in Las Vegas last month, one SEIU official described visiting neighborhoods where "whole blocks are almost ghost towns."
Since April, Democratic voter registrations have increased by a 2-to-1 margin over Republican registrations, which also have been outpaced by nonpartisans, who choose no party affiliation.
"Nevada has always been a highly transient state, so re-registration is very important," says Rebecca Lambe, a senior adviser for the Obama campaign in Nevada.
Last year, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney angered some Nevadans when he said he opposed foreclosure relief for homeowners and preferred the market to "hit the bottom" so that investors could lead the recovery. A new Obama campaign radio ad airing in Nevada uses those remarks to attack Romney.
Romney last week told a Reno television station: "My plan for housing gets this market to come back. The president's plan for housing, now 3 1/2 years running, has not done the job." When asked, Romney didn't offer specifics about his plan.
Obama made a campaign speech in Reno last week, but didn't address housing. He has visited Nevada in the past to promote his housing policies.
9(MDAyMTc0MTg1MDEyNTUxMTQxMDRkODNiYw004))
<|endofexample|>
.
View the discussion thread.
<|endofexample|>
Elm Crest
Type: Modern Cabin
The Facility is not ADA Compliant
The Elm Crest cabin is a one bedroom cabin with a full size bed. A futon bed is provided in the living area. Futon folds out into a full size bed along with a twin size Murphy bed.
Kitchen has a two burner cooktop, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, pots & pans, dishes, silverware, a table and four chairs. The kitchen is also equipped with a small oven/stove and a small refrigerator with freezer. Propane barbecue grills are.
<|endofexample|>
Preview of Lessons for 1949-50
Elder G. Homer Durham
The social science lessons for 1949-509 are based on “The Declaration of Belief Regarding Governments and Laws in General,” section 134 of the Doctrine and Covenants. The lessons follow, naturally, the previous year’s study of “Latter-day Saint Political Thought.” Whereas the lessons of last year were, of necessity, somewhat abstract, the new series has the advantage of relating to concrete scriptural verses in the Declaration of Belief. Each is explained, together with its significance of the problems of current political life. The seven preceding lessons attempted to portray some aspects of Latter-day Saint thinking with respect to the nature of government, constitutionalism, and public affairs, including international relations. The Declaration of Belief is a specific statement of an official position taken by the Church, in August 1835, with regard to law and government. It is one of the most unusual sections of the Doctrine and Covenants. The first lesson attempts to tell how and why.
Each lesson will be accompanied by suggestions for class projects to the end that every member and class may arrive at a more complete understanding of what the various provisions of the Declaration signify. As the gospel is a way of life, and as modern life involves political processes at nearly every point, it is more important that all of us enlarge our understanding of the position of the Church in such matters. Students of the subject will be delighted to know, in advance, that the Declaration is a most liberal yet practical, simple but far-reaching, platform. The same general references and helps listed for last year’s study will again prove to be very beneficial and helpful. To come to a knowledge and appreciation of the position of the church with regard to governments and laws is no mean nor simple task.
The various statements issued by the leaders of the Church from Joseph Smith to the present day are most helpful in gaining this knowledge. Of course, the Doctrine and Covenants itself, with its useful cross-references and index, will be of constant assistance. Alert class leaders will also watch for illustrations and examples to be found in current Church and other literature. Society is most complex. Social science lessons dealing with important relationships of the Church in society require, and are worthy of sincere study and effort.
The titles of the seven lessons for 1949-50 and their accompanying objectives follow:
Lesson 1. “The Declaration of Belief Regarding Governments and Laws in General”
Objective: To study and appreciate the preamble of the Declaration of Belief.
Lesson 2. The Significance of “The Declaration of Belief” for Modern Government
Objective: To consider different types of government in the world today, and to appreciate the basic principles contained in the “Declaration of Belief” as the culmination of the experience of the race.
Lesson 3. Government Instituted for the Benefit of Man
Objective: To show that governments exist for the benefit of man when founded on the free exercise of conscience, right and control of property, and protection of life.
Lesson 4. Public Administration and Good Government
Objective: To point out the need for electing government officials who will uphold freedom.
Lesson 5. The Obligations of Citizenship and the Responsibility of the State
Objective: To show the responsibility of the State to enact proper laws and of the people to uphold them.
Lesson 6. The Conditions for Achieving the Kingdom of God
Objective: To show that civil and religious liberty must be maintained for the establishment of the Kingdom of God.
Lesson 7. Achieving the Kingdom of God
Objective: to demonstrate that the Kingdom of God will be achieved by preaching the gospel throughout the world.
Name (required)
Mail (will not be published) (required)
Website
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail
RSS feed for comments on this post.
TrackBack URI
<|endofexample|>
NO PURCHASE OR DONATION NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR DONATION: The Kelly’s Best Moments Sweepstakes (the “Sweepstakes”) begins at 12:00 a.m. Eastern Time (“ET”) on March 7, 2012 and ends at 11:59 p.m. ET on July 24, 2012 (“Sweepstakes Period”). During the Sweepstakes Period, there are (3) ways to enter the Sweepstakes: 1) visit (“Website”), share your best moment and register to receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes in accordance with the on-screen instructions. 2) Visit the Sweepstakes application on the Kelly’s Best Moments tab on the Electrolux Page on Facebook at, share your best moment and register to receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes in accordance with the on-screen instructions. Or, 3) to enter without sharing your best moment, click here and provide your complete name, complete mailing address, telephone number (including area code), email address and date of birth. There is a limit of one (1) entry per person/per email address/per day, regardless of method of entry. For purposes of these Official Rules, a “day” is defined as a twenty-four (24) hour time period beginning at 12:00 a.m. ET of a calendar day and ending at 11:59 p.m. ET of the same calendar day. Multiple entries received from any person or email address in excess of the stated limit will be void. Entries generated by script, macro or other automated means or which attempt to subvert the entry process, as determined by Sponsor, will be void. may be selected via a random drawing from among all of the remaining eligible entries. In order for Potential Winner to be deemed an Official Winner, he or she will be required to execute and return an affidavit of eligibility, a liability release and, where lawful, a publicity release (“Eligibility and Release Forms” ant, Facebook, Inc.,.
LEGAL WARNING: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN INDIVIDUAL, WHETHER OR NOT AN ENTRANT, TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE, DESTROY, TAMPER OR VANDALIZE THIS WEBSITE OR INTERFERE WITH THE OPERATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND THE SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND DILIGENTLY PURSUE ALL REMEDIES AGAINST ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 31, 2012), send a self-addressed stamped #10 envelope to: Kelly’s Best Moments Sweepstakes Winners, c/o Weber Shandwick, 919 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10022, for receipt no later than August 26, 2012. For a copy of these Official Rules, send a self-addressed stamped #10 envelope to: Kelly’s Best Moments Sweepstakes Official Rules, c/o Weber Shandwick, 919 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10022, for receipt no later than July 24, 2012.
SPONSOR: Electrolux Home Products, Inc., located at 10200 David Taylor Drive, Charlotte, NC 28260, is the sponsor of the Sweepstakes.
The Sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook. Any questions, comments or complaints regarding the Promotion should be directed to Sponsor at questions@kelly-confidential.com, and not Facebook. By entering the Sweepstakes, you understand that you are submitting your information to Sponsor and not to Facebook.
During the Sweepstakes Period, Sponsor will donate $1.00 to Ovarian Cancer Research Fund for each comfort food shared. A minimum of $40,000 and a maximum of $50,000 will be donated. Contact charity at to learn more about the way the donated funds will be used to help support research to find a method of early detection and ultimately a cure for ovarian cancer.
<|endofexample|>
- Stocks are lower on Wall Street amid rising tensions over increasing the country's borrowing limit. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told congressional leaders in a letter late yesterday that the U.S. government will reach its borrowing limit as soon as mid-February, earlier than expected. And Fitch Ratings is warning that the United States could lose its top credit rating if there's a delay in raising the debt ceiling.
- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has unveiled a new search feature called "graph search," which lets users search their social connections for information about people, interests, photos and places. Facebook users will now be able to look for people who live in a specific city and share a specific interest. But to protect privacy, they'll only have access to content that has been shared with them.
- The National Retail Federation says holiday sales rose 3 percent. That's below the trade group's forecast of a 4.1 percent gain. Non-store sales, including includes online sales, rose 11 percent. The season was marked by heavy discounting in its final days as stores tried to unload excess goods after shoppers held back on spending.
- U.S. home prices continue to recover from the housing bust. Private data provider CoreLogic says home prices rose 7.4 percent in November compared with a year ago, the biggest year-over-year increase in 6½ years.
- Fiat, Chrysler and a Chinese automaker have signed an agreement to expand manufacturing in China. The companies say the next step for their joint venture is to build Jeeps in China for the Chinese market. The agreement was signed at Chrysler headquarters in suburban Detroit.
Read more business stories on the Back To Business page.
<|endofexample|>
Sort By
Category
Rating High to Low
Price Low to High
Price High to Low
TENTS
SHELTERS
TAR. With a variety of features, quality construction, and attainable price points, our tents continue to serve up a ton of value.
Be sure to check out the Salida 2, 2011 Backpacker Editors' Choice award winner, and the Gunnison 3.1, named Great Buy by Outdoor Life and Best All-Around by Backpacker.
<|endofexample|>
');
}
-->
 $5,000 Sign-On-Bonus For expd solo OTR O/Ops. Tuition reimbursement also available!
$2500 Sign-On Bonus for Company Drivers: Super Service is hiring solo and team drivers. CDL-A requir
Flatbed Drivers New Pay Scale-Start @37cpm. Up to .04cpm Mileage Bonus. Home Weekends. Insurance 40
Drivers - Apply Now! 12 Drivers Needed Top 5% Pay. Class A CDL Required. 877-258-8782
Tanker Flatbed Company Drivers/Independent Contractors! Immediate Placement Available. Best Opportu
Home Weekends - $1,000 sign on bonus. Regional Flatbed. Guaranteed pay. Excellent pay, benefits. Lea
$5,000 Summertime Bonus. Foremost Transport is hiring drivers with 3/4-ton and larger pickups to tra
35 Driver Trainees needed! Learn to drive for Werner Enterprises! Earn $750 per week! Local CDL Trai
Drivers, ALL Miles Paid: 39+cpm Solos, 49+cpm Teams. Regional Lanes, Assigned Trucks, Flexible Home
Drivers: Training, Class A CDL. Train and work for us! Professional and focused training for your Cl
<|endofexample|>
This is George. He is a 4 year old Bengal who loves lounging in his pool and drinking from the hose.
Not your average cat.
Wait.. cats don't like water?
By: sterlingstar77Subscribe Channel: Pets & Wildlife Location: West Richland, WA
+ Comment!
This story is inappropriate and should be flagged for moderation. Please choose from one of the following options:
<|endofexample|>
Wine for the Holidays
December 13, 2006
Are you wondering what wines to serve this holiday season? Perhaps you’d just like to expand your wine knowledge. We’ll talk wine this hour with sommelier, wine expert, and educator Darryl Beeson. We’ll also take your calls and answer all your wine-related questions.
Article printed from KERA:
URL to article:
Copyright © 2011 KERA - Public Media for North Texas. All rights reserved.
<|endofexample|>
Coping with a Parent’s Mental Illness
January 4, 2012
Hour 2: From the archives – How does a parent’s ongoing mental illness affect a child’s life, even far into adulthood? We talked last summer with artist and author Mira Bartók [1], who wrote about her experiences with her mother Norma in “The Memory Palace: A Memoir” (Free Press, Paperback, 2011).
Article printed from KERA:
URL to article:
URLs in this post:
[1] Mira Bartók:
[2] Download:
Copyright © 2011 KERA - Public Media for North Texas. All rights reserved.
<|endofexample|>
In different year, the race for attorney general in Pennsylvania might have been just a footnote to the presidential election.
But more people in the Keystone State voted Tuesday for Kathleen Kane to be their attorney general than voted for Barack Obama to be their president. And much of that may be attributed to the furor over the Jerry Sandusky child sex case.
She beat the Republican challenger, David Freed, by almost 15 points, and the overwhelming support makes her the first woman and the first Democrat elected to the job in Pennsylvania.
What may have pushed Kane over the top was her strong stance on the Sandusky scandal. She promised to look back to November 2008, when the first victim came forward, and carry out an independent review into why Sandusky was not charged until three years later.
"We need an independent investigator to look at what happened," Kane told CNN. "Over 3 million people feel that I am that independent investigator."
Her promise means she'll be taking on the state's sitting governor, Tom Corbett. And her review into the Sandusky case investigation will delve into the years that Corbett was the attorney general. He launched the Sandusky investigation before he ran for governor.
Despite some criticism, Corbett has denied that politics had anything to do with investigative decisions. Instead, he accused Democrats of politicizing the case when two leading state Democratic lawmakers wrote a three-page letter asking U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to look into how the Sandusky investigation unfolded. Holder's office says the letter is under review.
It's a topic that comes up at almost every news conference Corbett holds --- no matter the stated topic.
"I challenge anybody out there who says there is to bring forward one piece of evidence, one sentence of evidence, one thread of evidence," Corbett said in October, defending his handling of the investigation.
Criticism of Corbett emerged soon after Sandusky's arrest last year, when the school's faithful began to question his role on the university Board of Trustees, which had fired the Nittany Lions' long-time football coach, Joe Paterno..
<|endofexample|>
Wealthy Singapore ranks as world's most stoic
Philippines most emotional, survey shows
The most emotionless society is Singapore's despite its reputation for being among the world's richest, a new survey has revealed.
Gallup looked at 150 countries where about 1,000 residents were asked whether they experienced five positive and five negative emotions a lot during the course of a day. The results were based on interviews taken over a three-year period.
Questions included whether people felt well-rested or enjoyment, smiled and laughed or felt worry, sadness, stress or anger.
The 36% in Singapore who reported feeling anything is the lowest in the world, the Washington-based research and analytics organization found. This figure is an aggregation of data from 2009-2011; in Gallup's latest measure taken last year, just 30% of those surveyed in Singapore felt anything at all.
The findings belie Singapore's 1.9% jobless rate in the third quarter and per capita GDP of more than US$50,000 -- among the highest in the world.
%.
Tying at 38% were Madagascar and Nepal..
<|endofexample|>
President Bill Clinton's second inauguration in 1997 holds the record for most balls with 14. George W. Bush had eight balls in 2001 and nine in 2005.
Obamas party with 30,000 close friends
Couple attend two ballsUPDATED 8:26 PM CST Jan 22, 2013
- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
Recommended
Latest from KETV Channel 7
Advertising
Best 7's Sure Bets
<|endofexample|>
The Matt Damon speeches provide insight into the importance of charitable work and its huge impact on society as a whole. Damon is a well-known American actor, screenwriter, and philanthropist; he is best recognized in films such as Saving Private Ryan and Goodwill Hunting.
Damon attended Harvard University in 1988 but did not continue his studies in order to pursue his acting career. He is one of the top 40 highest grossing actors of all time, and in 2007 he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Damon also contributes his time to noble causes and charitable work. Some organizations that he’s been involved with include the H2O Africa Foundation, Water.org, ONE Campaign and Water.org.
Due to his star-power and relatable persona, the Matt Damon speeches are sure to inspire citizens across the globe to get involved in volunteering for the greater good.
<|endofexample|>
SPRINGFIELD, Ore - A Springfield woman is giving the gift of warmth this holiday. This woman is sewing with spirit of the holidays and wrapping us up with the true meaning of the holidays. Every color of the rainbow is flowing from the fleece blankets. KEZI 9 News followed Wendy Hubacek as she made her … Continue reading »
<|endofexample|>
… Continue reading »
<|endofexample|>
um question my sister said that lil wayne died by gettin shot i was wondering is that true or not true NeffHatAreAwsome!!!
No, that is not true. Lil' Wayne is very much alive. It was a fake site claimed that this rapper has been shot dead.
Updated on Monday, February 06 2012 at 06:30PM EST
Source:...
Related Questions
Is it true that Lil' Wayne died today?
Is it true that lil wayne just died?
Is it true that lil wayne got shot?
Is it true that lil wayne was shot and killed ~S.F-K.D~SHE'S/MY/EVERYTHING~
-
Is it true that lil wayne worshipd the devil
What is lil wayne?s number?
is it true lil wayne shot him self in the foot
What's Lil Wayne's name
Is lil Wayne still alive or has he died?
theres alot of storys right now saying lil wayne is dead is this true?
-
<|endofexample|>
WebMD Medical News
By
Jennifer Warner
Reviewed by
Elizabeth Klodas, MD, FACC
Nov..
After adjusting for other potential risk factors, the research showed that men with erectile dysfunction at the start of the study had a higher risk of heart disease or stroke than other men.
For example, men with diabetes and ED were:.
SOURCES:Batty, G. Journal of the American College of Cardiology, Nov. 30, 2010; vol 56: pp 1908-1913. News release, American College of Cardiology.
Here are the most recent story comments.View All
The views expressed here do not necessarily represent those of KGET TV 17 - In the Spirit of the Golden Empire
The Health News section does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. See additional information.
<|endofexample|>
Solid, it may stain. It is best to seal the product annually to help prevent any staining.
Wisconsin Countertops-Granite
As a wholesale fabricator and installer of solid surface, quartz surface and natural stone countertops we work exclusively with Kitchen & Bath dealers, Remodelers, Builders, Architects and Interior Designers. We proudly serve the leaders who set the trends.
While we offer a wide variety of countertop surface solutions to meet your needs, we believe our team has the resources to turn breakthrough ideas into award winning countertops. If you can imagine it, we can make it.
If you are looking for a dealer, remodeler, interior designer or commercial contractor, email us and we'll send you the name and contact information closest to you. Our goal is to make sure you find the best professional for your next countertop project.
Office Projects
I stopped by the Sullivan job last night to check out their new Hanstone Magellan top. It looks absolutely beautiful and the customers are very happy with the results. They wanted me to pass on that the installers were very professional, efficient, and courteous.
- Jaclyne
Kevin called today to say Alex & Luis did an outstanding job installing his granite countertops. He is extremely pleased at how well everything went.
Membership - Care & Use - Samples - Employment
16605 W. Victor Road - New Berlin, WI 53151 - 262.432.1060 - info@kgstevens.com
<|endofexample|>
BEND, Ore. -- A thank-you note to a Central Oregon locksmith was addressed to "the most honest man in Bend" after he returned $50,000 he found in a safe's secret compartment.
Bryan Donnell retrieved a customer's 1,000-pound safe last week. He's used to finding jewels and some cash, but nothing like the stacks of $100 bills wrapped in rubber bands.
The safe's former owner, 57-year-old Dale Parkinson, tells The Bulletin of Bend, Ore., that he and his wife pulled the money from their life savings in 2007, fearing a potential financial collapse.
They also bought a safe, and snuck $50,000 into a secret compartment.
Then, apparently, they forgot about it.
Parkinson decided to put the money back in the bank this year and sold the safe to Donnell.
Donnell refused a cash reward, but accepted a bottle of Scotch.
<|endofexample|>
Teachers,start here to sign up your class. Parents,start here to sign up your child. First, sign up as the parent using Go back First, sign up as a teacher using Go back Everyone else, sign up using These give you an easy way to log in. We'll never post without your permission. By clicking Google/Facebook, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. OR First name Last name Email Birthday Or sign up using email Already have an account? Log in. Log in and then we'll create your child's account. Log in and then we'll create your class.
<|endofexample|>
NEW YORK – Gabby Douglas, McKayla Maroney, and the rest of Team USA’s "fierce five" gymnasts laughed it up with CBS Late Show host David Letterman on Tuesday night.
The Team USA stars are back on American soil, fresh from their gold wins at the London Olympic Games.
Douglas, Maroney, Jordyn Wieber, Kyla Ross, and Aly Raisman took a tour of New York before discussing with Letterman what other sports they’d like to participate in.
McKayla, joking about her height, said she’d like to try her hand at volleyball. Letterman responded with, “but you’ll get sand in your pants!”
<|endofexample|>
Second
To get summer camp registration forms go to: &
Questions call 245-7394
<|endofexample|>
Alameda, CA (Sports Network) - The Oakland Raiders waived linebacker Aaron Curry on Tuesday.
Curry played in the last two games after spending the first eight games of the season on the physically unable to perform list with sore knees.
The Raiders acquired Curry from the Seattle Seahawks prior to last year's trade deadline. He had 46 tackles in 11 games for Oakland in 2011.
The No. 4 overall pick by Seattle in the 2009 draft, Curry has 203 tackles and 5 1/2 sacks in 48 career games with the Seahawks and Raiders.
Mobile advertising for this site is available on Local Ad Buy.
Employment |
FCC Form 388 |
Inergize Digital Network
<|endofexample|>
April 7th, 2010
The Grand National: WAG Style Files
The Grand National at Aintree is one of the most hotly anticipated events of the northwest WAG social calendar. (It’s also a big day for those that earn a living selling alcohol, bless ‘em.)
Yes, each Spring, the ladies of Liverpool and beyond put on their best glad rags, drink copious amounts of champers and catch up on all the gossip while under the guise of being interested in men on horses racing around a dirt track.
Not that we don’t have love for the sport of racing. It’s just…well, right now we’re only concerned about the fashion. Simply put, any event where it’s acceptable to appear borderline mental and still be named best-dressed is too brilliant to ignore.
Events kick-off tomorrow, and some of our favourite WAGs have confirmed attendance already: Coleen Rooney will be handing out the seriously epic prizes for best dressed; Sheree Murphy gave some fashion tips last week in conjunction with retailer Matalan; and Alex Gerrard confessed to us all how drunk she plans on getting. Fantastic.
Before the barmy headgear and chavtastic dresswear fiesta begins, we’d like to give the Coleen and Alex a few style suggestions for this year’s event.
We must warn you that what awaits may contain ruffle.
Coleen’s best showing at Aintree undoubtedly came in 2008 when she was outfitted in not one, but two Balenciaga dresses.
Her selections for 2009 had us split, however. She channeled Gossip Girl’s Blair Waldorf in this adorable hot pink dress with giant hair band to hand out the best dressed prize, but her selection for Ladies Day was an ‘also ran’ (that’s racing lingo for fugly). Although we know she was hiding her little Kai-bump, Coleen turned out in a billowing Cavalli something or else that was just downright unflattering.
Back from having the baby, in 2010 we’d love to see Coleen in something like this beautiful Matthew Williamson silk floral print dress. It has the same plethora of color that is necessary to stand out at Aintree, but it’s much younger and fresher.
-
For two forgettable years, Alex was seen around Aintree proclaiming how ‘fetch’ ruffles were. Last year, though, saw her commendable fashion upgrade featuring a gorgeous Stella McCartney dress and blazer.
Beautiful? Yes. Enough for Aintree? No! We’re not saying Alex should turn up in a ball gown with matching glass slippers (though, would anyone be surprised by this?), but let’s see some colour. For Mrs. Stevie G, we’d recommend this Tibi mini dress – ideal for showing off her perfect pins.
-
Over to you, Kickettes. Who are you placing your bets on to come out on top of the style stakes this season? Or are you just here for the free-flowing bubbly?
Um… that Alex’s column… seems like I’ve finally found someone who puts thoughts into words in a much more boring way than me.
I still can’t believe that even a mag like OK will publish what Alex tries to pass off as a “column”. Ha!
I never liked the Cavalli gown on Coleen, but she cleared Beechers Brook easily with the other outfits.
Looking forward to seeing her choices this weekend.
Aintree 08 – Bloody hell…what the F did I just witness?
*almost collapses but regains composure*
Some women got it okay, some acceptable…the rest: NO.WORDS.
lol wow it looks like a circus there. anyway, coleen wins SO easily.:P fashion AND looks; everybody else (especially those non-WAGs) is…disastrous.
OMG when I first saw the 2009 Alex photo…I thought Paris Hilton had infiltrated Ainstree.
well imight as well have my say on this.because as every year my weekend is ruined looking at these skanks.!!!but if i really had to choose who i like best.without a doubt it has to be alex. she,s not fugly like the other one who,s name i cannot bear to say.uggggggggggggghhh
I’m so confused.. (I’m from the US) Is it a horse race or a fashion show? or both?
from the us as well. kind of think it’s like the kentucky derby? you know how it’s both?!
Horse race… with a “best dressed” prize… !
I am placing my bet on the one who doesn’t forget to look in the mirror before leaving the house!
I like that dress that was picked out for Coleen!! I would wear it!!
not into horses or these two women, so i'm just turning up for the free drinks
<|endofexample|>
Kidney Stones in Children
On this page:
- What is a kidney stone?
- What is the urinary tract?
- Are kidney stones common in children?
- What causes kidney stones in children?
- What are the signs and symptoms of kidney stones in children?
- What types of kidney stones occur in children?
- How are kidney stones in children diagnosed?
- How are kidney stones in children treated?
- How are kidney stones in children.
Are kidney stones common in children?
No exact information about the incidence of kidney stones in children is available, but many kidney specialists report seeing more children with this condition in recent years. While kidney stones are more common in adults, they do occur in infants, children, and teenagers from all races and ethnicities
What causes kidney stones in children?
Kidney stones can form when substances
in the urine—such as calcium, magnesium,
oxalate, and phosphorous—become highly
concentrated due to one or more causes:
- Defects in the urinary tract may block the flow of urine and create pools of urine. In stagnant urine, stone-forming substances tend to settle together into stones. Up to one-third of children who have stones have an anatomic abnormality in their urinary tract.
- Kidney stones may have a genetic cause. In other words, the tendency to form stones can run in families due to inherited factors.
- An unhealthy lifestyle may make children more likely to have kidney stones. For example, drinking too little water or drinking the wrong types of fluids, such as soft drinks or drinks with caffeine, may cause substances in the urine to become too concentrated. Similarly, too much sodium, or salt, in the diet may contribute to more chemicals in the urine, causing an increase in stone formation. Some doctors believe increases in obesity rates, less active lifestyles, and diets higher in salt may be causing more children to have kidney stones.
- Sometimes, a urinary tract infection can cause kidney stones to form. Some types of bacteria in the urinary tract break down urea—a waste product removed from the blood by the kidneys—into substances that form stones.
- Some children have metabolic disorders that lead to kidney stones. Metabolism is the way the body uses digested food for energy, including the process of breaking down food, using food’s nutrients in the body, and removing the wastes that remain. The most common metabolic disorder that causes kidney stones in children is hypercalciuria, which causes extra calcium to collect in the urine. Other more rare metabolic conditions involve problems breaking down oxalate, a substance made in the body and found in some foods. These conditions include hyperoxaluria, too much oxalate in the urine, and oxalosis, characterized by deposits of oxalate and calcium in the body’s tissues. Another rare metabolic condition called cystinuria can cause kidney stones. Cystinuria is an excess of the amino acid cystine in the urine. Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
What are the signs and symptoms of kidney stones in children?.
What types of kidney stones occur in children?
Four major types of kidney stones occur in
children:
- Calcium stones are the most common type of kidney stone and occur in two major forms: calcium oxalate and calcium phosphate. Calcium oxalate stones are more common. Calcium oxalate stone formation has various causes, which may include high calcium excretion, high oxalate excretion, or acidic urine. Calcium phosphate stones are caused by alkaline urine.
- Uric acid stones form when the urine is persistently acidic. A diet rich in purines—substances found in animal proteins such as meats, fish, and shellfish—may cause uric acid. If uric acid becomes concentrated in the urine, it can settle and form a stone by itself or along with calcium.
- Struvite stones result from kidney infections. Eliminating infected stones from the urinary tract and staying infectionfree can prevent more struvite stones.
- Cystine stones result from a genetic disorder that causes cystine to leak through the kidneys and into the urine in high concentration, forming crystals that tend to accumulate into stones.
How are kidney stones in children diagnosed?:
- Ultrasound uses a device, called a transducer, that bounces safe, painless sound waves off organs to create an image of their structure. An abdominal ultrasound can create images of the entire urinary tract. The procedure is performed in a health care provider’s office, outpatient center, or hospital by a specially trained technician, and the images are interpreted by a radiologist—a doctor who specializes in medical imaging; anesthesia is not needed. The images can show the location of any stones. This test does not expose children to radiation, unlike some other imaging tests. Although other tests are more useful in detecting very small stones or stones in the lower portion of the ureter, ultrasound is considered by many health care providers to be the best screening test to look for stones.
- Computerized tomography (CT) scans use a combination of x rays and computer technology to create threedimensional (3-D) images. A CT scan may include the injection of a special dye, called may be required to get an accurate stone count when children are being considered for urologic surgery. Because CT scans expose children to a moderate amount of radiation, health care providers try to reduce radiation exposure in children by avoiding repeated CT scans, restricting the area scanned as much as possible, and using the lowest radiation dose that will provide the needed diagnostic information.
- X-ray machines use radiation to create images of the child’s urinary tract. The images can be taken at an outpatient center or hospital by an x-ray technician, and the images are interpreted by a radiologist; anesthesia is not needed. The x rays are used to locate many kinds of stones. A conventional x ray is generally less informative than an ultrasound or CT scan, but it is less expensive and can be done more quickly than other imaging procedures.
How are kidney stones in children treated?:
- Shock wave lithotripsy (SWL). A machine called a lithotripter is used by the doctor to crush the kidney stone. In SWL, the child lies on a table or, less commonly, in a tub of water above the lithotripter. The lithotripter generates shock waves that pass through the child’s body to break the kidney stone into smaller particles to pass more readily through the urinary tract. Children younger than age 12 may receive general anesthesia during the procedure. Older children usually receive an IV sedative and pain medication.
- Removal of the stone with a ureteroscope. A ureteroscope is a long, tubelike instrument used to visualize the urinary tract. After the child receives a sedative, the doctor inserts the ureteroscope into the child’s urethra and slides the scope through the bladder and into the ureter. Through the ureteroscope, which has a small basket attached to the end, the doctor may be able to see and remove the stone in the ureter.
Ureteroscopic stone removal
- Lithotripsy with a ureteroscope. Another way to treat a kidney stone through a ureteroscope is to extend a flexible fiber through the scope up to the stone. The fiber is attached to a laser generator. Instead of shock waves, the fiber delivers a laser beam to break the stone into smaller pieces that can pass out of the body in the urine. The child may receive general anesthesia or IV sedation.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy
- Percutaneous nephrolithotomy. In this procedure, a tube is inserted directly into the kidney through an incision in the child’s back. Using a wire-thin viewing instrument called a nephroscope, the doctor locates and removes the stone. For large stones, an ultrasonic probe that acts as a lithotripter may be needed to deliver shock waves that break the stone into small pieces that can be removed more easily. Children receive general anesthesia for percutaneous nephrolithotomy. Often, children usually is left in the kidney for 2 or 3 days while the child remains in the hospital.
Nephrostomy tube
How are kidney stones in children prevented?.
Eating, Diet, and Nutrition:
- Children who tend to make calcium oxalate stones or have hypercalciuria should eat a regular amount of dietary calcium and limit salt intake. A thiazide diuretic medication may be given to some children to reduce the amount of calcium leaking into the urine.
- Children who have large amounts of oxalate in the urine may need to limit foods high in oxalate, such as chocolate, peanut butter, and dark-colored soft drinks.
- Children who form uric acid or cystine stones may need extra potassium citrate or potassium carbonate in the form of a pill or liquid medication. Avoiding foods high in purines—such as meat, fish, and shellfish—may also help prevent uric acid stones.
Points to Remember
- A kidney stone is a solid piece of material that forms in a kidney when some substances that are normally found in the urine become highly concentrated.
- Kidney stones occur in infants, children, and teenagers from all races and ethnicities.
- Kidney stones in children are diagnosed using a combination of urine, blood, and imaging tests.
- The treatment for a kidney stone usually depends on its size and composition as well as whether it is causing symptoms of pain or obstructing the urinary tract.
- Small stones usually pass through the urinary tract without treatment. Still, children will often require pain control and encouragement to drink lots of fluids to help move the stone along.
- Children with larger stones, or stones that block urine flow and cause great pain, may need to be hospitalized for more urgent treatment.
- Hospital treatments may include shock wave lithotripsy (SWL), removal of the stone with a ureteroscope, lithotripsy with a ureteroscope, or percutaneous nephrolithotomy.
- To prevent recurrent kidney stones, health care providers and their patients must understand what is causing the stones to form.
- In all circumstances, children should drink plenty of fluids to keep the urine diluted and flush away substances that could form kidney stones. Urine should be almost clear.
Hope through Research.
For More Information
American Society of Pediatric Nephrology
3400 Research Forest Drive, Suite B–7
The Woodlands, TX 77381
Phone: 281–419–0052
<|endofexample|>
Ask the Doctor
Questions about kidney disease? Risk factors? Signs and symptoms? Are you concerned about yourself, a friend or family member? Ask Dr. Spry.
![endif]-->
New York, NY
March 5, 2007
During his residency at Duke University, George Washington University Renal Fellow Scott Cohen grew attached to a dialysis patient named Fannie. The then-25-year-old resident admired the 60 year old patient. He liked how kind she was and how she handled the challenges imposed by her various diseases with dignity and a lack of self-pity. Cohen also noticed how much it cheered her up when he spent extra time with her, and how it helped her family when he took the time to explain Fannie's condition and treatment. "She had very little social support and was very sick," says Cohen, now 29.
Fannie passed away, but Cohen, a Miami native, who graduated from the University of Miami School of Medicine, decided to honor Fannie and all dialysis patients by designing the first-ever pilot study of a social support group intervention to be carried out in a rigorous, randomized fashion. Translation: He wants to prove scientifically what he and many others believe, that dialysis patients suffer a greater degree of depression than the general population and that a social support group intervention will help improve their emotional well-being and quality of life, as well as improve their physical outcomes.
"We believe social support can improve virtually every aspect of patients’ health and care," he says. "We believe dialysis patients who have received a social support intervention will have decreased levels of depression, more hope, will be more likely to take their medication, listen to their doctor's advice, come to dialysis, eat better, and talk with others with chronic kidney disease. All these factors may increase long-term survival." Cohen, who also is working toward his MPH degree at George Washington University School of Public Health, says his NKF grant has helped him recruit 40 patients in a randomized controlled study, in which 20 participate in support groups made up of 5 to 6 patients, and the remaining 20 dialysis patients receive the standard care. The study has been underway for six months, and Cohen hopes to expand it soon to the Veteran's Administration Hospital. Cohen's dream is that every dialysis center will have a support group for its patients.
<|endofexample|>
What's wrong with the site, nothing on it but notice of M&G winners but can't get to the names or any other info.
I just wanna give my upmost gratitude ,admiration , respect
To kr tbt and crew . It takes an army to put on a show like thAt . We got there early enough to enjoy the arena, the cool ness in the air, as kid says laughingly ?N this cold weather in these parts actully just right. I love the wharf because it's gotta a ferries eel lol. F kin I Phone
Lil shops, lil Wayne lol , small venue , kinda med Our seats were great and we were seats right one awesome , laid-back cigar smoke and a quiltmaker ,very cool chick from p cola. ,also o wanted to say the t shirt $$ were great! Drinks Jim beam. That made me miss Parts of the show, not because I was drink oh cause the dame cat that just served me a shots ,he wouldn't do it
Without my ID. Well my date wanted a shot , so We headed bAck lol. Thank the good lord I have half my hearing lol I loved the slide show before hand. And. Choice of music before and during. When I heard Charlie Daniels ,"souths gonna do it again". I knew what was next , "just a small town girl". Fukin crowd goes wild. Gotta be the best sound for cast and crew. Damn , working for The KRTBT is an honor and they all rock !! Better than being snow white at disney , diff place diff people , prob after a whils on the road it gets to where it all blends ! I
love the fans are all different walks of life, my fAv thing I'd oh man I just read keep this short n I dont wAnna lose n sorry y'all to be continued. My question for webcrew can you put this post In the proper theeqd lol jk But for real o bought my son a t shirt and I would like to trade it for the canteen. Cause the shirt has a bad word. And he would wanna wear it round town. The canteen also has the same badword on it but that be can put on a shelf. Ya know. Collectable and he had his heart set on that canteen. On the valentine show. To b continued on the right thread !
@Webcrew. I haven't been on the site for awhile and cannot access the News Tab....would like to read up on some things. Thanks
Cant wait to see you tonight! Ive had tickets since the first date. Did you bring the cold weather down? Better than a tropical storm. Ready to rock!
can't see the newsfeed anymore... just about the Orange Beach winners.. but when I click on it.. there's nothing
11-11-11 something is up with the homepage and the news page..Might wanrt to check it out..
Triple L Blessings
don't know if this is the forum, but here goes...PLEEZE, G, no more cuvvers, & no more ad's onstage. am terrified they'll say "sell-owt" or "kare-ee-O-kee-king", or sumthin'...(you're me, & us, though)... PLEEZE, no more... the devil'z better than any B4 him, anyway!!! RITE?! luv u G!
I Like the New Site.. But i Like the Way It was Before:-) As I had Lots of Pics up and posts and Ya all Removed them:-(
I have not received my tshirt yet either.
I never received my tshirt either
I never received my t-shirt
bradlmanske@yahoo.com
Thank you @webcrew...that was fast :) Already been there and done that :)
Will you please forward this to Kid Rock and ask him to support Save Ace (fb page) and Detroit Dog Rescue (fb page) regarding Ace, the emaciated pitmix who wandered into an Ace Hardware Store in Detroit on November 4th? Ace's story has gone viral and this Friday he will be destroyed if we can't encourage the Detroit Mayor D. Bing into saving his life. Kid Rock may know rapper Hush who founded the Detroit Dog Rescue. Hush has been at the forefront of this fight and his organization was enroute to save Ace when Detroit Animal Control beat them to the store. No dogs make it out of DAC alive. As dog lovers, we are asking Kid to comment on either facebook page and even call the Mayors' office to make a plea to release Ace to a registered rescue group for medical attention and care. There are numerous people ready to pay for Ace's medical care. City Council this morning even agreed but the Mayor has the final say and it looks bleek for Ace. You can find coverage on this link-... Calls have been coming in from as far away as Germany to plead for this dogs release. If Kid knows rapper Hush, he could contact him and get the whole story. We need Kid Rocks' help here...he can reach so many and help save the dogs of Detroit. Thank you for taking the time to read this message. I can't wait to hear back from you or Kid.
Rock&RollGalofDetroit - Videos are back on . Enjoy!
Why and who removed them? Just curious :)
@Rock&Roll - Thanks for letting us know. They were removed from You Tube and therefore not feeding through our site. We'll see what we can do. Stay Tuned!
@webcrew...Hi there...just wondering...none of the music videos are on this site anymore? Just wanted to let you know in case you didn't already.
Kid
NIce site. I am one of five USAF fighter pilots that went to your concert in Indy this year (2011). Look forward to many more and we are all gonna travel to Detroit next year.
Thanks,
Tug Boatright
@KB- We completely agree and are doing our best to delete them as soon as they appear.
How do we stop this stuff? How rude to post this shit in forums where people are having real discussions. What a dweeb!
lslp84r says (1 hour ago)
welcome come to : Cheapest Vans Shoes,
Tiffany Jewelry Company,Wholesale Hollister Clothing
accept any payment!
lower price fast shippment with higher quality!!
BEST QUALITY GUARANTEE!!
SAFTY & HONESTY GUARANTEE!!
FAST & PROMPT DELIVERY GUARANTEE!!
cheap nfl jerseys,cheap jerseys,official nfl jerseys,
nfl jerseys,jerseys,nfl jerseys throwback
classic,nfl shop!
Hey @SamanthaMeldrum,
All you have to do to change your username is hover over your username on the top right corner of this page, click Edit Profile and find your current username in the edit boxes (Display Name is located below your Profile Photo). Replace your current username with the one youd like to change it to and click Save!
Hope this helps, let us know if you have any other questions.
Thanks,
Kid Rock WebCrew
@webcrew- is there anyway I can change my username?
I don't know if i am on the wrong feedback,sorry i really don't care ,well i do ,u know,I am really am in joying myself right now, listening 2 music with my sister,she is having a hard time with her boys , my nephews, god bless,,pray,I need two do more of it ,...... God Bless..
Cattle Barrons Ball cancellation today??? Really? 2 KIDS VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!
My daughter and her 17 yo were going. He was a special guest of ACS, as he has beat cancer 4x, has 1 kidney, given last rites, stem cell transplant, just finished chemo this summer for the 4th cancer butt kicking. 11 years he has dealt with this.
They were going to have a meet and greet with you at 830 as well as 2nd table from stage for show......
AND NOW YOUR NOT GOING TO PLAY??????????
The kids are crushed, and i must say I am disappointed.
What gives?
I'm still wondering if Kid Rock is going to be coming out with a DVD???? I put it on my post and over 2 million people agreed with me. I've seen two shows and one interview on TV with him and I think he is soooo down to earth....I love that about him. He says things like it it....no bullshit!!!!!!
I was wondering if you could have someone email me with information on how to book KidRock for a concert. My family owns a ski area in Michigan and I'm in charge of off season events. Please email me Amy at luv2skitr@yahoo.com
I would REALLY appreciate it!!
My computer is jumping around on me but i wanted to add proceeds would also go to support our troops & their families. BB
Hope your shoot went great. I have a couple of suggestion I pray u consider. I would like to start one of those home shopping shows located in Michigan, but with a twist. It would consist of items donated by any celebrity & they could walk on as long as they are sincere in helping & not wanting publicity unless it benefits a cause. I pray that 100% of all proceeds go to a variety of charities that give 100% of the proceeds to the specific charity. I realize this many not all ways be possible. I also realize the need for sponsors & that is an area for a legal department as with any other concerns. I am very passionate about this & I would like to start a reality show with some integrity that focuses on organizations in need, ie..nursing homes, orphanages, hospitals, research for cures, ending corruption n government, improving an economy, global peace, families in need, abuse, & anything else u can think of. God Bless u & all u do. I am looking forward to a response & just so u know i do have a degree in communications from Madonna University, & I
Pages
<|endofexample|>
Children's Health - Review Childhood Learning Resources
Contact: 0424 568 264
Visit us online
User reviewsUser Reviews – see how Kidspot parents share their recommendations.
>
Return to profile :: Return to directory search :: Directory home :: View Website
<|endofexample|>
Madonna Biography
Madonna is back with a new single and brand new album, Hard Candy. Kidzworld takes a look at the Material Girl's incredible career. Back to Article
ObeyMySwaqq♥ wrote:report
2012-03-18 11:20:21 -0700
Givin All Your Luvin , Get All Your Love Today . lolololol ;D
Mz. Chinabear2011 wrote:report
2012-03-18 10:31:19 -0700
she's ight
lovesong 21 wrote:report
2012-03-18 10:11:44 -0700
I luv give me all ur luvin
2qute4u190 wrote:report
2012-03-16 12:29:31 -0700
yesss ikr
2qute4u190 wrote:report
2012-03-16 11:33:45 -0700
Wow she doesn't look tht old
-BeAtDaTop; wrote:report
2012-03-08 16:19:54 -0800
shes hotttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Amanda_Loves_Youu wrote:report
2012-02-25 15:57:09 -0800
she looks like my cousin Monica hahahaaa
Avril_Lavigne_Emo wrote:report
2011-07-22 14:29:16 -0700
i like lady gaga wayyy betta
-hugs-and-tickles- wrote:report
2011-07-22 14:28:59 -0700
i love her
My Life My Passion wrote:report
2011-06-17 21:47:24 -0700
wow nice!!!!!!
<|endofexample|>
Blue Herbal Moisturizer
Inspired by Kiehl’s iconic Blue Astringent Herbal Lotion® for oily, blemish prone skin.
• Inspired by Kiehl’s venerable and most enduring preparation, Blue Astringent Herbal Lotion.
• Oil-free moisturizer is quickly absorbed and penetrates pores to eliminate most acne blemishes.
• An additional balancing effect allows the formula to mattify skin, reducing the appearance of pores and leaving skin with a matte, hydrated appearance and texture.
• Non-comedogenic formulation helps prevent new acne blemishes from forming.!
- 3.4 fl.oz. Tube3.
<|endofexample|>
Limited Edition Kenny Scharf Creme de Corps
Spread the love with a Kiehl's classic
Featuring the vibrant work, Globo Mundo, enjoy the limited edition Kenny Scharf Creme de Corps.
•
Apply after bath or shower or anytime, as often as necessary. Gently massage this rich creme into dry body areas. Allow to remain and soak in several minutes before dressing. Our thick, elegant non-greasy formulation will be absorbed by the dry skin tissues, leaving skin soft, smooth and beautifully moisturized.
<|endofexample|>
We found 0 results for
Please try your search again using the following tips:
- Double check the spelling. Try varying the spelling.
- Limit the search to one or two words.
- Be less specific in your wording. Sometimes a more general term will lead to the similar products.
Shop our top searched products:
Creamy Eye Treatment with Avocado
<|endofexample|>
Corpus Christi (Kiii Sports) - Playing at Whataburger Field on the final day of the regular season, the Texas A&M-Kingsville baseball team bounced back from a disappointing doubleheader on Friday to take two games from Lone Star Conference rival Incarnate Word on Saturday, 8-5 and 6-4.The Javelina (31-14, 18-10) bats came alive with 25 hits in the twin bill and kept the team's slim regular season conference championship hopes alive. The Javelinas would need Angelo State to lose the final two games of their series with Abilene Christian to claim the title. The Javs secured at least a second place regular season finish.In the opener, the Javelinas loaded the bases in the first inning and put a runner on third base in the next two without scoring. The Cardinals (22-19, 16-11) scored a run in the top of the third when Adam Pena singled home Thomas Rinn who had doubled.The Javs broke the game open in the middle innings. They scored three unearned runs in the fourth with Taylor Taska (Kingwood/Kingwood HS) coming through with a go-ahead two-out, two-run single. In the fifth inning, James Black (Spring/Klein Collins HS) brought in two runs with a double and Mario Siller (San Antonio/MacArthur HS) drove in another with a single.The Cards scored two in the sixth on a two-run homer by Greg Barbaro, but the Javelinas answered with two in the bottom half of the inning. UIW threatened in the top of the seventh scoring twice, but Cole Foster (Katy/Taylor HS) was able to come on in relief and retire the final two batters for his first career save.Taska, Trent Wagner (Victoria/Memorial HS) and James Wallace (Corpus Christi/Tuloso-Midway HS) each had three hits for the Javelinas. Dallas Ponder (Flatonia/Flatonia HS) improved to 4-1 on the season with 5.2 innings of work. He allowed five hits, three runs and five walks while striking out five.Marc Gomez was tagged with his first loss of the season for the Cards. He went 5.0 innings allowing 12 hits, three earned runs and three walks while striking out four.In the second game, the Cards scored an unearned run in the top of the first inning and the Javelinas followed with two unearned runs in the bottom half of the frame. Jake Mendiola (Kingsville/Richland Northeast HS) drove in both runs with a two-out single.In the third inning, the Cardinals tied it up. After two outs, Derrick walls doubled and scored on Pena's base hit two batters later.The tie did not last long as the Javelinas answered in the bottom of the third inning. Ben Villafuerte (Corpus Christi/Carroll HS) led off the inning with a double and scored on Cameron Dullnig's (San Antonio/Clark HS) sacrifice fly. The team followed with four consecutive singles to score two more runs and take a 5-2 lead.The score remained that way until the fifth inning when Walls started another two-out rally for the Cardinals. He singled and scored on Taylor Rinn's double and then Rinn came home on a double by Pena, his third RBI of the game.Javelina starting pitcher Zach Pettiford (San Diego, CA/Henry HS) settled down in the sixth inning with a perfect frame. He was pulled in the seventh inning and finished with 6.1 innings allowing six hits, three earned runs and two walks while striking out five. Jeremy Flores (Victoria/Memorial HS) and Denver Diefenbach (Victoria/St. Joseph's HS) each pitched a third of an inning to finish out the seventh.Javelina head coach Jason Gonzales called upon his closer Dullnig at the start of the eighth inning to get the final six outs. He did just that retiring all six batters he faced to pick up his school-record 10th save of the season. Black added a solo home run in the eighth inning to give the team an insurance run.Black led the offense with three hits, two RBI's and a run scored. Villafuerte had two hits and scored twice while Mendiola had two hits and drove in two runs. Pettiford improved to 5-1 on the year.Jorge Guarneros took the loss for the Cardinals. He went 6.1 innings allowing nine hits, three earned runs and four walks while striking out three. Walls, Rinn and Pena accounted for all seven hits and four runs that the offense produced.Dullnig had his 21-game hitting streak snapped in the second game by going 0-for-2 with a run scored, a walk and a sacrifice fly.The Javelinas will now wait to see who they will meet in the conference tournament that begins next Saturday in San Angelo.
--Texas A&M-Kingsville Sports Information
<|endofexample|>
A Vidor home lays in ashes and a family is displaced after flames ripped through a house early Tuesday morning.
Around 4:30 a.m. firefighters arrived to find a home in the 900 block of Archie Street fully engulfed in flames.
Officials say everyone made it out of the house without injury.
The home is!
<|endofexample|>
The saying "fighting like cats and dogs" had to come from somewhere. But in Janis Cook's experience, the phrase was far from reality. When she brought a service dog into the household that her cat had ruled for years, the Annandale, Virginia, pet owner was pleasantly surprised to see that the dog and cat actually got along well.
"The cat was very cautious for a while," says Cook. "I made sure that the cat could jump away and escape. And the dog was very well trained. There was no problem at all. It just wasn't an issue."
Success, indeed, can happen. How well they get along together will depend on your pet's personality, socialization, and how you prepare it for the addition of a Snoopy or Snowball, say animal behavior experts. Here are some tips on what to consider about your feline before adding a mutt to your hut, as well as advice on how to maintain household harmony if you're set on living with both cats and dogs.
A Tale of Two Different SpeciesThe first step to making the perfect match is to understand and respect the behaviors that make cats and dogs unique. Dogs are pack animals and like to be around humans. Cats can also bond with their owners, but they tend to be more territorial in your home. Dogs like to play chase; cats may view the game as a threat. But, aside from generalizations, most dogs and cats seem to have their own unique dispositions. "There are dogs who get on well with cats and cats who get along well with dogs," says Dr. Nicholas Dodman, DVM, director of the animal behavior clinic at Tufts University's Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine and author of Dogs Behaving Badly and The Cat Who Cried for Help (Bantam). "But there is no guarantee of success."
Know Your Pet and its BackgroundOne way to gauge whether a cat and dog will live in peace is if they have been raised with the other species. The attitudes of cats and dogs toward each other crystallize during their early development in the first few months of life, Dodman says. "Dogs raised in a household with cats are accustomed to them and may see them as they do a piece of furniture," Dodman says. Some questions to ask about your cat: Was it raised in a family that had dogs? Are dogs completely alien to it? Cats have, on occasion, caused dogs serious harm, such as scratching the cornea of a dog's eye with their claws. For pets rescued or adopted at an older age, the questions about background may never be answered. Another key factor is a dog's breed. Dodman recounts how a graduate student adopted a pit bull and brought it into a home with four cats. "They all got along well for a few days," he says. "But one cat may have darted or moved the wrong way and woke the sleeping predatory giant." The dog wound up killing the cats.
Introducing a New Pet in Your HomeFocusing on less aggressive breeds, many cat owners have added pet dogs into their household with few problems. Dodman recommends taking the following steps to help ease the transition and to test whether or not this will be a happy marriage:
Quite possibly, your pets will live in peace like Cook's. "They just learned to get along," she says. "The cat would play with the dog's tail and she'd just let her."
<|endofexample|>
-  > Hurley Gear > Hurley Ladies > Hurley Ladies Shorts > Hurley Ladies Shorts Walkshorts (34 items) > Product ID: 788339
Search
Departments
Price RangeMouse over images to enlarge
Order today, receive no later than
Thursday, May 23rd
Some limitations apply
$4.99 3-day shipping. Need it faster?
DescriptionEx88339 Hurley_Lowrider_Sunkissed_Juniors_Walkshort_-_Dune_Khaki
<|endofexample|>
A catering giant caught up in the horsemeat scandal has supplied burgers to the Scottish Parliament.
Sodexo, which provides services at over 2,000 outlets including schools, care homes and the armed forces, withdrew beef from its UK sites after a frozen product tested positive for horse DNA.
It said the situation was "totally unacceptable" and the products were being recalled "with immediate effect".
A Scottish Parliament spokeswoman said that, while written assurance had been received from Sodexo that supplies to Holyrood are not affected, its beef burgers have been taken off the menu there.
"Sodexo supplies only one frozen meat product to the Parliament, a beef burger, and purely as a precautionary measure, we have withdrawn it," she said.
"Sodexo have said: 'The service at the Scottish Parliament is not affected regarding the equine DNA issue'." which tested positive for equine DNA. This situation is totally unacceptable.
"We felt the only appropriate response was to withdraw not only this product but all frozen beef products. We will only re-admit into our catering operations products that have affirmatively passed DNA testing, pursuant to laboratory test criteria."
The company has launched an investigation into how beef products were contaminated with horse.
<|endofexample|>
Partner 2013 and each of the 18 years preceding. He is also listed in the 2012 and the three years immediately preceding editions of Chambers USA: America's Leading Lawyers for Business for Bankruptcy/Restructuring Law and recognized as one of Georgia Trend's "Legal Elite" in 2009 and 2011. He was recognized in 2009, 2011 and 2012 as a Georgia "Super Lawyer" in Bankruptcy & Creditor/Debtor Rights by SuperLawyers magazine,.
American Bar Association, Business Law Section, Member
Atlanta Bar Association, Bankruptcy Law Section, Member
State Bar of Georgia, Bankruptcy Law Section, Member and Former Chairman
© 2009 - 2013 Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP | Attorney Advertising |
Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
<|endofexample|>
Minnie lived an independent life and was very active in her community. In early March, she was on an airplane to Florida with her family when she became lethargic. Minnie was admitted to a short-term acute care hospital and underwent a complete assessment. She was diagnosed with respiratory failure, septic shock, low blood pressure, congestive heart failure and an enlarged small bowel.
Once her condition stabilized, Minnie was transferred to Kindred Hospital Pittsburgh – North Shore for continued care.
Minnie was admitted to Kindred Hospital on March 24. At that time she had an NG tube for nutrition/hydration and was dependent for all mobility and self care.
A few weeks after admission, her condition had further stabilized and she was able to transfer to the lower-intensity level of care for continued rehabilitation in the Kindred Subacute Rehabilitation Unit.
In the North Shore Subacute Unit, Minnie was able to receive the intensive therapy and care she needed, provided within the continuum of care at Kindred Hospital Pittsburgh – North Shore. For four weeks, she received physical, occupational and speech therapy, including vital stimulation for dysphagia.
On May 28, Minnie’s health had improved so much that she was able to be discharged home independently. Upon discharge she was walking over 250 feet with a wheeled walker, completing all of her own self care and managing a regular diet with thin liquids.
Kindred Hospital Pittsburgh – North Shore and the North Shore Subacute Unit are proud to have been given the opportunity to take care of this wonderful patient.
See patient success stories and other Kindred videos.
See our latest press releases.
We believe in educating our patients, residents and family members.
<|endofexample|>
Whether you're planning a party to enjoy the end of the summer - or you're looking ahead to gathering inside when the weather gets colder, now's a great time to get ready to entertain!
Here to show New Day how to plan a beautiful party -- Dave Masin of Masins Fine Furnishings and Interior Design -- and etiquette expert Mindy Lockard.
The Diffa event featuring the glam tablescapes will be held on September 7th and 8th. Friday evening is a ticketed event and Saturday is open to the public.
For more on Masins, visit their website:.
For more on Diffa, click here.
<|endofexample|>
Video - Living Well them.
More
<|endofexample|>
KC Manuscript Collection 101
ABSTRACT:
The Diversified Study Club Collection consists of one scrapbook filed with clippings, yearbooks, a club history, by-laws, and photographs. The club’s first meeting was held on June 1, 1950. Charter members were Joan Corns, Mary King, Martha Mather, Lela Slaughter, Betty Bennett, Virginia Forrester, Jackie Watkins, Helen Cox, Mary Anne Kirton, Pan Pannill, Carol Whitaker, Sherry Campbell, and Martha Slaughter. These women decided to create a “Study Club to further [their] knowledge in various cultural fields.”
RESTRICTIONS:
There are no restrictions on use of this collection for research purposes. The researcher assumes full responsibility for observing all copyright, property, and libel laws as they apply.
COLLECTION CITATION:
This collection should be cited as:
Diversified Study Club Collection, May 1950-May 1987. KC Manuscript Collection 101, Archives of the City of Kingsport,Tennessee.
PROCESSED BY:
Jeff A. Jenson processed the collection and developed the finding aid in May 2006.
SUBJECT HEADINGS:
Clubs–Tennessee–Kingsport.
Diversified Study Club.
Tennessee–Kingsport– Societies and clubs.
<|endofexample|>
Kingston A&E "Save our Hospitals" campaign
By adam_leone | Monday, February 11, 2013, 10:21
Save our Hospitals is phrase being used by protestors due to meet in Norbiton on Saturday over NHS spending cuts.
They're rallying.
Richard Donnelly from Kingston, Keep our NHS Public says the plans are a recipe for disaster: "We want people to come out and support the NHS, to support every local hospital."."
What are your thoughts on the plans? Leave your comments below.
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to KINK.FM.fm (the "Site," "us" or "we"), the official website for Radio Station KINK.FM, Portland, Oregon ("Station"). This site is owned and operated by Alpha Broadcasting, LLC. ("Owner and Operator")..
KINK.FM is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the KINK.FM Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the KINK.FM website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
KINK.FM collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. KINK.FM also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by KINK.FM. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by KINK.FM for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the KINK.FM Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through KINK.FM public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: KINK.FM does not read any of your private online communications.
KINK.FM encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from KINK.FM so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. KINK.FM is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the KINK.FM and Alpha Broadcasting, LLC family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
KINK.FM collects and uses your personal information to operate the KINK.FM Web site and deliver the services you have requested. KINK.FM also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from KINK.FM and its affiliates. KINK.FM may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
KINK.FM does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. KINK.FM may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, KINK.FM may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to KINK.FM, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
KINK.FM does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
KINK.FM keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within KINK.FM, in order to determine what KINK.FM services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within KINK.FM to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
KINK.FM Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on KINK.FM or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of KINK.FM; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of KINK.FM, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The KINKINK.FM pages, or register with KINK.FM site or services, a cookie helps KINK.FM to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same KINK.FM Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the KINKINK.FM services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
KINK.FM secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. KINKINK.FM will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. KINK.FM encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how KINK.FM is protecting your information.
Contact Information
KINK.FM welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that KINK.FM has not adhered to this Statement, please contact KINK.FM at KINK.FMadmin@desjalogic.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
If you have any questions regarding this Agreement, please contact the Site's Privacy Administrator via email at lwarren@KINK.FM, or contact:
101.9 KINK.FM
1211 SW 5th Avenue, 6th Floor
Portland, OR 97204
503-517-6000
ATTN: Privacy Administrator
This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on May 17, 2011 and is effective immediately.
<|endofexample|>
What to Know About Health Savings Accounts
My employer is offering a high-deductible health-insurance policy next year but isn’t contributing anything to a health savings account. Can I contribute money to an HSA on my own and, if so, can I get a tax break?
Yes and yes. More employers plan to offer high-deductible health-insurance policies during open-enrollment season this year, and 20% of the large employers surveyed by the National Business Group on Health intend to make a consumer-directed health plan (generally a high-deductible policy) their only health-insurance choice in 2011. Many employers like high-deductible policies because raising the deductible not only lowers premiums but also tends to motivate workers to be more careful with their own health-care costs when they’re paying part of the bills themselves. (See Health-Insurance Changes for 2011 for more information.)
Advertisement
Some employers are also contributing money to employees’ health savings accounts as a way to encourage employees to pick the high-deductible policies. But you can contribute to an HSA on your own, even if your employer doesn’t add any money to the account. To qualify for a health savings account in 2010, your health-insurance policy must have a deductible of at least $1,200 if you have self-only coverage, or $2,400 if you have family coverage. Then you can contribute up to $3,050 to an HSA for the year if you have self-only coverage, or up to $6,150 if you have family coverage. (If you’re 55 or older, you can contribute an extra $1,000 for the year.) The deductible and contribution limits will remain at the same levels for 2011.
You’ll get big tax benefits from the HSA. If your employer offers a high-deductible health-insurance policy, you may be able to make pretax contributions to the HSA, as you would with a flexible-spending account. If you open the HSA on your own, your contributions will be deductible when you file your tax return, even if you don’t itemize. Then the money grows tax-deferred and can be used tax-free in any year for medical expenses that aren’t covered by insurance -- such as deductibles, co-payments, prescription drugs, vision and dental care, and other out-of-pocket medical costs. (Starting in 2011, however, you cannot use tax-advantaged money from an HSA for over-the-counter drugs that are not prescribed by a doctor.) See What Health Reform Means for FSAs and HSAs for more information.
You’ll have to pay a 10% penalty (20% beginning in 2011) -- plus an income-tax bill -- if you use HSA money for nonmedical expenses before age 65. You’ll pay taxes, but no penalty, for nonmedical withdrawals after that. Unlike a flexible-spending account, money you don’t use from the HSA for the year can remain in the account for the future, and you can keep the account even after you leave your job. You can make future contributions to the HSA, however, only for months that you have a high-deductible health-insurance policy.
You can’t contribute to an HSA after you sign up for Medicare, but you can still use money in the account tax-free for medical expenses -- including Medicare Advantage, Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D premiums and part of your long-term-care premiums, in addition to out-of-pocket medical expenses.
If you buy insurance on your own -- if, for example, your employer doesn’t offer health insurance or you’re self-employed -- you can still contribute to a health savings account and benefit from the tax break as long as you have an eligible high-deductible health-insurance policy.
For more information about,
<|endofexample|>
WARTIME
Understanding And Behavior In The Second World War
By Paul Fussell
Pub Date
:
Sept. 7th, 1989
ISBN
:
0195037979
Publisher
:
Oxford Univ.
In this engaging, elegant, and enlightening study of WW II. Fussell (
Class
;
Abroad
;
Samuel Johnson and the Life of Writing
, etc.) continues the revelatory work he did in his National Book Award-winning
The Great War and Modern Memory
(1975). By turns amusing and shocking, Fussell's unforgivingly cleareyed vision takes in both official and uncensored ephemera--along with published accounts--to overturn the upbeat view of the war promulgated by both the government's publicity machine and the general media. Beginning with a discussion of our total unpreparedness and general incompetence--"precision" bombing often fell on our own troops; the RAF were in danger from their own frightened ground support--Fussell turns to the popular rumors, slang, stories, and humor of the troops. A chapter on "chickenshit" reveals loathsome small-mindedness endemic in the system; the chapter title "Drinking Far Too Much, Copulating Too Little" nicely sums up the G.I.'s preoccupations. But Fussell is at his best as he examines the forced high-mindedness of official wartime rhetoric and the growth of "Accentuate the Positive"-toned publicity as a distinctly essential facet of modern war. Finishing with a survey of wartime literature, including Cyril Connolly's Horizon magazine and the paperback publishing programs that flowered with the war, he concludes that even now "America has not yet understood what the Second World War was like. . ." Funny, upsetting, at times brilliantly illuminating.
<|endofexample|>
Most of the individuals in these austerely written stories by Swiss novelist Stamm (Unformed Landscape, 2005, etc.) lead humdrum but desperate lives.
To read all 20, assembled from two volumes of stories published separately in German, is to visit a literary purgatory where a throng of dispirited characters cling to a comfortless bare rock of prose. His characters, whether Swiss or Costa Rican, visiting New York or working in London, share a world culture of Alec Guinness, Tracy Chapman, Walt Whitman and Star Trek that does nothing to bring them closer together. Many of these stories involve love that fails or a despairing plea for help or solace that goes unanswered. In “Like a Child, Like an Angel,” a wealthy Swiss accountant never responds to a letter from a poor colleague who needs an expensive medicine for his wife. In “The Wall of Fire,” an exploited outcast working for a carnival puts himself at risk to impress a girl to whom he means almost nothing. The narrator of “What We Can Do” rebuffs the embarrassed advances of a sad office mate to whom their mutual colleagues have given the cruel gift of a vibrator. “Black Ice” is perhaps the bleakest: Larissa, a young mother dying of a resistant strain of tuberculosis tells “everything she had thought in the last few months” to a journalist because no one else—not even her husband—has visited her for months. The misery radiates to the smallest details. Larissa mentions a neighbor with a broken TV “who keeps switching it on anyway and staring at the black screen.” In Stamm’s world, when three young friends laugh and sunbathe on a station platform, they do so only until a train pulls up to unload the corpse of a suppliant who has died on the way to Lourdes.
While Stamm doesn't discount the possibility of happiness and comradeship, there is invariably an ounce of joy for every pound of gloom.
<|endofexample|>
is a youth-led, adult-supported social support organization committed to social justice, and creating, sustaining and advocating for programs, policies and services for the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender youth community. BAGLY offers social support, health promotion and youth leadership development through its community outreach programs and services.
In coordination, several smaller more local organizations fall under the BAGLY umbrella. If you're on the North Shore, definately check out the NAGLY website as well.
An Act Relative to Transgender Equal Rights
House Bill filed by Rep. Carl Sciortino & Rep. Byron Rushing
Senate Bill filed by Sen. Benjamin Downing and Sen. Sonia Chang-Díaz
Summary and Background
The Transgender Equal Rights Bill. The bill defines gender identity and expression as "a gender-related identity, appearance, expression, or behavior of an individual, regardless of the individual's assigned sex at birth." This is consistent with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination’s past decisions, as well as Boston’s 2002 transgender anti-discrimination ordinance.
What does "gender identity" and "gender expression" mean?
Gender identity is one’s internal, personal sense of being a man or a woman. Most people don’t experience a difference between their sex and their gender identity. For transgender people, however, the sex they were born as and their own internal sense of gender identity do not match. Therefore, transgender people will change their gender to match their internal sense of themselves. Gender expression refers to how a person expresses their gender identity, or the cues people use to identify another person’s gender. This can include clothing, makeup, behavior, speech patterns, and mannerisms.
Why is it needed?
Transgender people in Massachusetts frequently encounter unequal treatment in employment, schools, housing, public accommodations, and access to health care. They also report high incidences of violence and harassment. During a 10-month period in 2009 and 2010, MTPC and other organizations that serve transgender people received 297 calls from transgender men and women seeking assistance. Callers ranged from a man who had been fired from his job after he was outed as transgender, to a man whose health insurer refused to process his health care claim because it did not recognize his new, legal name, to a woman who’d been attacked with a beer bottle by passersby who called her a "freak" as she walked down the street. A July 2009 report by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health found that only 92.3 percent of transgender residents have health insurance, compared with 98 percent of all state residents. The report concludes: "Support of non-discrimination protection for transgender persons could help reduce stigma and by extension, improve health."
Is MA the first to include "gender identity or expression" in non-discrimination law?
No. Nationwide,
15 states, Washington D.C., and 136 cities and counties
(including Boston, Cambridge, Amherst, and Northampton) have passed non-discrimination laws or ordinances protecting people on this basis. States included are: California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maine, Minnesota, New Jersey, New Mexico, Rhode Island, Vermont, Iowa, Oregon, and Washington. Many employers based in Mass. and others that are operating in Mass. have already adopted non-discrimination policies that include gender identity and expression, including Bank of America, John Hancock Financial Services, Microsoft, Prudential Financial, and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care.
Is MA the first to include "gender identity or expression" in hate crimes law?
No. 10 states and Washington D.C. have included gender identity and gender expression in hate crimes laws: California, Colorado, Connecticut, Hawaii, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, New Mexico, Pennsylvania, and Vermont. Additionally, the
Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act
adds sexual orientation, gender identity, gender and disability to existing Federal law.
What do the governor’s two executive orders related to gender identity and expression do?
These orders prohibit discrimination based on gender identity and expression. They cover 43,500 executive branch employees. Additionally, 652 statewide and department-specific contracts linked to over 13,500 active vendors are impacted by these orders. However, a statewide bill is necessary to protect all residents of the Commonwealth from discrimination.
Key Events in Support of Passing An Act Relative to Transgender Equal Rights H 502/S764This fact sheet was developed by MTPC, GLAD, MassEquality and the Transgender Equal Rights Coalition For more information visit January 2011
Nearly 100 constituents turn out (during a snowstorm) to lobby their legislators to cosponsor the Transgender Equal Rights Bill.
The bill is re-filed with 68 cosponsors, putting it in the top 10 percent of bills filed in terms of the number of cosponsors.
February 2011
Gov. Deval Patrick signs executive order prohibiting anti-trans discrimination in state employment and contracts and reiterates his pledge to sign the Transgender Equal Rights Bill when the legislature passes it.
The University of Massachusetts system follows the governor’s lead and adopts transgender protections the day after he signs the executive order.
The
Boston Globe
editorializes in support of the executive order, and urges the legislature to pass the Transgender Equal Rights Bill.
March 2011
The Boston City Council unanimously passes a resolution in support of the Transgender Equal Rights Bill that calls for the legislature to pass it this session.
April 2011
Episcopal Bishop Thomas Shaw and other faith leaders call for passage of the Transgender Equal Rights Bill at a State House press conference.
AG Martha Coakley keynotes the Mass. Transgender Political Coalition’s Lawyers for Transgender Rights Event, during which she calls for passage of the Transgender Equal Rights Bill and pledges to work to get it passed. Coakley also notes that her office has implemented policies prohibiting discrimination against transgender people.
May 2011
The Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Law and Public Policy releases a study showing that employment discrimination against transgender residents of the Commonwealth likely costs the state millions annually in lost income tax revenue and expenditures on public assistance programs.
State Auditor Suzanne Bump’s office implements policies prohibiting discrimination against transgender people.
June 2011
The
New Bedford Standard Times
editorializes in support of the Transgender Equal Rights Bill.
Attorney General Martha Coakley testifies in support of the Transgender Equal Rights Bill before the Joint Committee on the Judiciary.
U.S. Senator John Kerry, Congressman Barney Frank, Gov. Deval Patrick, State Treasurer Steve Grossman and Boston Mayor Thomas Menino submit written testimony to the Joint Committee on the Judiciary in support of the Transgender Equal Rights Bill.
National Progress Toward Transgender Equality
October 2009
President Obama signs the Matthew Shepard Act, expanding federal hate crime law to include crimes motivated by a victim’s gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability.
December 2009
The Obama Administration appoints Dylan Orr, a Smith College graduate, as special assistant to Assistant Secretary of Labor Kathleen Martinez in the Office of Disability Employment Policy at the Department of Labor. He is the first transgender person to serve in an Executive Branch position.
January 2010
Amanda Simpson, a former employee of Massachusetts-based Raytheon Company, begins work as a senior technical adviser in the Bureau of Industry and Security in the Commerce Department, becoming the second transgender person appointed by the Obama Administration.
The Obama Administration, through the Office of Personnel Management, begins listing gender identity among the classes protected by federal Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) policies.
July 2010
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) issues guidance on the Fair Housing Act, instructing HUD staff that discrimination against transgender people can be addressed under the law’s ban on gender discrimination.
January 2011
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) proposes regulations to ensure that HUD’s programs are open to all who need them, regardless of sexual orientation and gender identity.
May 2011
Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie signs a law prohibiting employment discrimination against transgender people (the state already had laws protecting transgender people in housing and public accommodations).
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (a Republican) signs a law protecting transgender people from employment discrimination.
The U.S. Office of Personnel Management issues guidance on supporting transgender employees in the federal workplace, ensuring that workers transitioning on the job are treated fairly and respectfully.
June 2011
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval signs two additional bills, one protecting transgender Nevadans from discrimination in public accommodations and one protecting them from housing discrimination.
Following the Connecticut House’s lead, the Connecticut Senate passes a comprehensive transgender non-discrimination bill, which Gov. Dan Malloy has already pledged to sign into law.
The Center for American Progress releases national polling data showing that among likely 2012 voters, 73 percent support workplace non-discrimination laws that protect gay and transgender.
SuperheroFan.net posted a blog titled "Shirtless Fest in Dancing With The Stars". Works for me.
<|endofexample|>
Alright! It’s time to have a glance on graphically dead celebrities. As we’ve seen many of celebrities in different roles like a hero, a rock star, a Villain they are outstanding in every role which they are assigned. Today we have decided to show you some of these celebrities in a diverse way. It’s time for you to decide how they are looking. Have a look below “Skulls Art Of Famous Celebrities” and leave your comments. Thanks
Nov
2011
21
Skulls Art Of Famous Celebrities
Posted by: admin | Nov 21st, 2011admin 1
<|endofexample|>
Does this product qualify for FREE SHIPPING?All Smedbo Lake Bluff, IL 60044.
This product carries the manufacturer's warranty against defects in material and craftsmanship, subject to normal use. Bath accessories carry a 10 year warranty, hardware carries a 5 year warranty.
Please contact our Customer Service department at 1-800-530-TAIL(8245) for assistance with warranty questions or claims.
<|endofexample|>
Curved cabinet handles give you that comfortable grip for opening drawers and cabinets anywhere you are. What’s more, these attractive bow pulls look great against the backdrop of your cabinetry. Curved drawer pulls come in a variety of shapes, styles and colors, so you can put your own personal spin on this decorative hardware. Come browse our selection, and find the set that has your name written all over it.
If you prefer something more modern, check out our bow pulls. These cabinet handles range from sleek and thin lines to detailed and prominent curves, and both can give you that contemporary fresh atmosphere that you’re craving. Combine these bow pulls with chic colors like polished chrome, stainless steel or satin nickel. Tapestry pulls also have a distinct style that is trendy but not too bold for a fun but not flashy kind of décor.
Looking for something elegant with a classic look of yesteryear? Try our spoon foot or onion pulls on for size. With their gentle curves and circular centers, these pieces have all the charm of the good old days. Match up your onion pulls in the right finish for a traditional décor using antique English or weathered brass. Whatever your style preference, we have the specialty hardware to make your dreams come true. Order your own set of curved pulls today, and create a masterpiece in your home.
<|endofexample|>
White handles and white pulls look beautiful on cabinets and drawers of all colors and sizes. Made from plastic, ceramic or porcelain, white cabinet hardware can add class to any space without costing a fortune. White handles and knobs will not chip or fade over time and will create a crisp, fresh look in any space - even after years of regular use.
White handles are available in a variety of styles, from solid white varieties to white handles with brass accents or colorful painted designs. White handles can also be gracefully curved or playfully twisted into eye-catching shapes that will stand out against dark cabinetry. Likewise, white knobs can add spots of lightness to dark cabinetry and can merge beautifully against white cabinets as well. Painted white cabinet knobs can add subtle splashes of color to small spaces such as bathrooms and bedrooms, while solid white knobs can add drama to even the darkest kitchen cabinets.
White cabinet hardware can be used to create a country look, a modern look and everything in between. Mix and match white pulls and white knobs for an eye-catching design, or choose one pattern of white cabinet hardware for a fully integrated look. No matter what you choose, white handles and knobs will complete the look of your space brilliantly.
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON A landmark scientific report that was supposed to bridge the gap between proponents and opponents of human embryonic stem cell research has become the focus of an escalating feud.</p> <p>At issue is a series of experiments described in Thursday's issue of the journal Nature, in which scientists at Advanced Cell Technology described a method for making stem cells without harming a human embryo. </p> <p>The basic facts of the report remain unchallenged. But in an unusual move, Nature corrected wording in a lay-language news release.</p> <p>At the core of the battle is a widely distributed e-mail from Richard Doerflinger of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.</p> <p>He said the scientists did not make clear that no embryos survived their experiments. In fact, data in the paper do make that clear, but Nature's initial release said otherwise. It is well established that a single cell can be removed from an eight-cell human embryo without causing any apparent harm to the embryo, and the new report aimed only to show that such single cells can become stem cells, said lead researcher Robert Lanza. In the experiments, the scientists took as many cells as they could from each embryo, destroying them in the process, to make the most of the embryos donated for their study.</p> <p>Another point of contention is a photo of a mature embryo, healthy and poised to grow into a fetus after having survived the removal of a single cell. Doerflinger said the photo is deceptive because no embryos in the experiment were allowed to develop that far.</p> <p>In his e-mail, Doerflinger said the use of the photo was reminiscent of the fraud case that brought down South Korean stem cell researcher Hwang Woo Suk.</p> <p>Lanza said the criticism is a sign of how politicized stem cell research has become.</p> <p>"They're really going after everything they can," Lanza said. "They've got the whole machine geared.
<|endofexample|>
)
Be the first to post a comment!
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
<|endofexample|>
About Scott Turner
Recent Work
- Young Kids Become Chefs at Discovery Village Published 11/14/2011 at 9:20 a.m.
“Everything that they come in for is hands on. They get utensils, they get everything they need to cook, cutting boards and an apron, and a recipe. And we got from step to step, from scratch all the way to ...
- Afghanistan Vet Uses Art to Explore Post-Combat Feelings Published 11/10/2011 at 8:35 p.m. 2 Comments
Nearly a year after ending his four-year service in the U.S. Army, Stephen Ewens still struggles with his memories of combat in Afghanistan. The Gig Harbor resident said sometimes it is still difficult to process his experiences as a sniper ...
- One Happy Kid, One Blessed Gig Harbor Family Published 10/27/2011 at 7:32 p.m. 1 Comment
Artondale Elementary student recovering from spinal surgery spreads joy by the day, while bills mount.
- Gig Harbor Nurse Practitioner Finds Underserved Niche Published 10/17/2011 at 9:24 p.m.
When Karen Smith first became involved in missionary work as a teenager, the experience has created a lifelong passion. Multiple mission trips followed as an adult after she became a registered nurse.
- ‘The Event’ (on Fox Island) Brings Awareness about Christian Persecution Published 10/13/2011 at 8:21 p.m.
To raise awareness about Christians who suffer because of their faith as well as to show there’s joy and victory even in suffering, the California-based Voice of the Martyrs is sponsoring a conference in Gig Harbor called The Event.
- Gig Harbor Knitting Group Provides Therapy for Cancer Patients, Family Published 10/13/2011 at 8:01 p.m.
About a year ago, Maria Weir discovered a knitting group who got together at the Jane Thompson Russell Cancer Center at St. Anthony Hospital. She didn’t know how to knit — but found out fast that it was not only ...
- Former World War II Bomber Pilot Recalls Lessons of War Published 10/13/2011 at 7:53 p.m.
Bill Fort, of Gig Harbor, remembers well where he was on the day the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. A freshman at Texas A&M majoring in mechanical engineering, he immediately wanted to go into military service.
- Gig Harbor Teen Aims for Worldwide RC Plane Competition Published 09/28/2011 at 10:12 a.m.
Gig Harbor High School sophomore Alyssa Wulick is aiming for a feat no other teenage girl has accomplished. She hopes to be flying radio-controlled airplanes for a national team at a world championship competition.
- Gig Harbor Teens Pursue Filmmaking Dream Published 09/19/2011 at 12:25 p.m.
Stephen Kennedy and Bill Herling are still young — 17 and 16, respectively — but they already strongly believe in following one’s childhood dream. The two Gig Harbor High School students have teamed up to pursue their personal dreams: making ...
- Fox Island Museum Pays Tribute to Local, National Icon Published 09/06/2011 at 8:35 p.m.
The name of Lila Acheson Wallace is well-known in the publishing and philanthropic circles.
View all stories for this staff member.
<|endofexample|>
Oahu's ban on fireworks, is it working or not? Honolulu police just released the number of citations and arrests from firework violations over the holiday.
Aerial fireworks have been illegal for years, but the law didn't stop people from using them this past New Year's Eve. On Oahu, the city banned all fireworks like sparklers and fountains on Jan. 2nd 2010.
"I really don't think it works at all on New Year's Eve. When I was in Aiea there were fireworks everywhere even the house I was at lit off fireworks," said Angela Dominici.
"When I was at home I heard a lot of fireworks, and so I think people probably bought extras before they put the ban up," said Karina Shea.
Still, others say the ban has made a big impact on their fun.
"There was definitely less fireworks this year than other years," said Mark Chell.
"When I stopped by Kaneohe you smell it but not as much as before," said Diana Venegas.
There have been consequences for those who risked celebrating with illegal fireworks. Between Dec. 26th and Jan. 2nd of this year HPD officers issued 80 citations and two people were arrested.
But many said they just want the ban lifted.
"So not as fun boring by comparison no where near as fun," said Beate Chell.
"Fireworks is tradition -- you can't step on tradition like that," said Venegas.
Since the ban started, fireworks complaints have almost cut in half. This past New Year's Eve there were about 590 complaints. That's a lot less than the New Year's Eve before the ban, when there were more than 1,400 complaints.
Numbers released from firework violations
80 citations handed out on Oahu; 2 arrestsPublished 10:01 PM HST Jan 02, 2013
- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
HPD releases firework violation information from over holiday
Oahu's ban on fireworks, is it working or not? Honolulu police just released the number of citations and arrests from firework violations over the holiday.
Recommended
<|endofexample|>
At least 37 hostages dead in Algeria standoff
3 Americans among dead
C.."
Copyright 2013 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
Labour = spammersJune 21st, 2011 at 12:00 pm by David Farrar
Thousands of people who signed an early childhood education petition have had their email addresses added to a Labour Party database, with leader Phil Goff saying it was solely to let people know the outcome of the campaign.
The email addresses, taken from a New Zealand Educational Institute (NZEI) postcard campaign against cuts to early childhood education, were added to a database of about 18,000 people that could be freely downloaded from Labour’s website until the problem was fixed last weekend.
Right-wing blogger Cameron Slater, who obtained a copy of the database, said on his website that NZEI national secretary Paul Goulter had written to petition signatories to explain why their addresses had been added to the database.
The letter said the postcards were given last year to Labour early childhood education spokeswoman Sue Moroney, who had agreed to present them to Prime Minister John Key because no Government MPs would do so.
Mr Key has not yet accepted the postcards..
The NZEI in its letter said only some campaign signatories had received Ms Moroney’s letter.
NZEI had made it clear to the Labour Party that it was “very concerned” about the database breach and had asked for the addresses to be deleted.
This is blatant spam. If the petition was a Labour Party petition then you could argue there is inferred consent. But it was an NZEI petition and no reasonable person could infer that signing an NZEI petition would land you on the Labour Party e-mail database.
Sadly Labour can not be prosecuted for spamming, as only commercial spam is an offence under the law. The Privacy Commissioner should be concerned though about Labour’s attitude towards privacy.Tags: Labour, NZEI, spam
June 21st, 2011 at 12:12 pm
“no reasonable person could infer that signing an NZEI petition would land you on the Labour Party ”
Really? I’ve always regarded NZEI as essentially a Labour party front.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 12:13 pm
Why am I not surprised. The LEFT not only have no respect for individuals privacy they activiely seek to gather information so they can further interfer in citizens lives.
And why cant they be prosecuted. This is an artifical construct to not allow non commercial organisation off the hook. Typical of pollies and civil sevants. Always protecting their own arses.
One rule of us Another rule for them.
Two faced bastards!!!!!!!
Will now take the meds and have a lie downVote:
June 21st, 2011 at 12:38 pm
KiwiGregVote:
Yeah, if Federated Farmers are the ‘National Party in gumboots’ then I guess the NZEI/PPTA would have to be the Labour Party in [insert appropriate metaphor].
June 21st, 2011 at 12:43 pm
Media = Labours PR machine.
Why are they not all over labbour for spamming instead of just parroting their spin for them?Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 12:59 pm
Murray 12:43 pm. For the same reason sharks don’t eat lawyers. Professional courtesy.
cheers
David ProsserVote:
June 21st, 2011 at 1:00 pm
If this had happened in Australia Labour would be in a world of hurt. The AU antispam laws are much more strict and whether or not a message is technically spam depends on only three things:
- the message must be sent to you with your consent
– the message must contain accurate information about the person or organisation that authorised the sending of the message
- the message must contain a functional ‘unsubscribe’ facility to allow you to opt out of receiving messages from that source
If ANY ONE of those conditions is not met, the sender is liable for big fines.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 1:26 pm
.
Except it wasn’t just to inform people of the result of the petition, it was to try and gain support for Labour initiatives. In fact they weren’t even going to advise anything about the petition, just try and get people to sign up to their new website. We know this because the idiots had the email they were going to send sitting on an unsecure website just waiting to be found by Whale…:
June 21st, 2011 at 1:29 pm
Sadly Labour can not be prosecuted for spamming, as only commercial spam is an offence under the law. The Privacy Commissioner should be concerned though about Labour’s attitude towards privacy.
And it was David Cunliffe’s legislation. I remember you applauding him for it, David.
Tut tut.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 2:47 pm
“Yeah, if Federated Farmers are the ‘National Party in gumboots’ ”
Why did you say “if”?Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 2:51 pm
it is amazing how over the years, the labour party and indeed individual mp’s constantly get away with dodgy dealings/actions. Big Phil Field seems to be the only one to really suffer .. daffy and dyson got a small slap and that’s itVote:
June 21st, 2011 at 2:58 pm
Surely spamming is a fairly minor crime compared to art fraud and misappropriation of parliamentary funds?Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 3:19 pm
Time for a broken windows policy for our politicians.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 3:53 pm
@ jaba 2 51, Field was safe until he flung the dung and threatened to stand as an independent, now that really was sinful, and the cloak of protection was ripped from his back.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 3:59 pm
Quite so Gravedodger; Field’s crime was not to act corruptly, and to prey on his constituents. His crime was to upstage the then-PM on the day of her State of the Nation speech; an unpardonable sin.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 4:01 pm
As the article itself states several times and indeed as reading Whales blogs makes clear the people who signed the petition did not go onto the Labour email database. Their data was compiled into a contact list from which to inform them about the result of the campaign which is an entirely different thing.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 4:15 pm
Rob, the Labour party had no right to compile a list to contact them for any reason what so ever. The fact that they kept the list separate from their main email database (so as to target their spam better) does not change the fact they illegally harvested the email addresses and sent unsolicited email aka spam to them. You could almost make an arguement for implied consent for NZEI to contact them regarding the results of the campaign, but this was not a Labour campaign and people did not give any consent for Labour to be given or hold onto their information.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 5:18 pm
Murray
Time for a broken windows policy for our politicians.
Does Murray understand what a broken windows policy is? (From his comment, I somehow doubt it)Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 5:20 pm
Learn to read. It wasn’t illegal. When someone signs a petition with no privacy statement then in certain circumstances (ie, the prime minister refuses the petition) then you could end up being contacted by the people who were forwarding the petition on behalf of NZEI.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 5:31 pm
No, not it doesn’t. Agencies have an obligation to protect data, the NZEI had one to the people who signed their petition.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 5:38 pm
questlove When someone signs a petition with no privacy statement then in certain circumstances (ie, the prime minister refuses the petition) then you could end up being contacted by the people who were forwarding the petition on behalf of NZEI.
The absense of a privacy statement does not mean a third party has the right to collect the data and use it. An explicit privacy statement (with opt in) is needed to allow this.Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 5:48 pm
Why the hell didn’t NZEI give it to the Greens? They agree with the petitioners, would have readily presented the petition, don’t engage in privacy abuses, and actually want to tighten information privacy law.
@dog_eat_dog 5:31 pm
Yes, I agree they do. But the fuck-up here is with Labour, not NZEI. NZEI just asked a Labour MP to present their petition, which necessarily involves handing the petition over to that MP (see suggestion above for next time, NZEI).Vote:
June 21st, 2011 at 5:55 pm
Yep toad, and that’s why the NZEI has complained. They’re doing everything right.Vote:
June 22nd, 2011 at 1:16 am
Broken windows policy….”where one grabs a politician and throws him/her through a window inevitably resulting in the breakage of said window and ideally some breakage of said politician.”.
Sounds like a winner to me!Vote:
June 22nd, 2011 at 6:43 am
James,
Sounds like a good policy but it might be difficult to implement in the case of Gerry Brownlee…unless you have access to a forklift.Vote:
<|endofexample|>
Biting into The Big Apple? Book with us and get the best rates at the best hotels in New York City, along with VIP upgrades and services.
New York, New York - home of Broadway musicals, the Empire State Building, and some of the world's most famous communities. Immortalized by storytellers, Manhattan, Williamsburg, Harlem, and Chelsea (just to name a few) have captivated dreamers for decades.
Start your trip with a classic New York evening: dinner and a Broadway show. Local restaurants often offer perfectly timed prix-fixe menus so you won't be late.
During the day, Manhattan's shopping districts beckon: Salivate over Fifth Avenue shoes or rummage for vintage finds on the Lower East Side.
New York is even livelier after dark - From Chelsea's warehouse bashes to Bleeker Street's hot jazz, New York is a night owl's paradise.
Top Destinations in New York City
Kiwi Collection has
43 Hotels in New York City
New York City
from USD
$845
Per night
from USD
$299
Per night
from USD
$479
Per night
from USD
$736
Per night
from USD
$494
Per night
<|endofexample|>
Posted: 10/15/2012
"Brutus is packing a punch" or ” Walda will produce 15 inches of snow" and "Q is responsible for icy roads."
Sounds odd, but that's what you might hear this winter. The Weather Channel (TWC) has decided it will begin naming major winter events, just as tropical storms and hurricanes are given names to identify them.
Why? TWC says it is to help us.
"Our goal is to better communicate the threat and the timing of the significant impacts that accompany these events."
They will not name each and every event, just the noteworthy winter events. I wonder if that includes 5 inches of snow in Bartlesville? Do we get a name for that? It's noteworthy if you live in Bartlesville.
In the past, winter storms were named things such as "The President’s Day Storm” and “Snowmageddon.” Before this new list, here in the U.S., we've not had an effort for a naming system. So here is the list of names they will use this winter.
When I read the comment section on TWC's site I found some interesting remarks:
Wxrisk.com - " This is the STUPIDEST thing that the awful weather channel has done in long time."
A few posters noted that some insurance companies charge the customers more if it is a named storm and believe this could be an excuse for some insurance companies to charge you more.
Jeanne Germano · "Have you guys thought this through? My home owner's insurance has a $500 deductible for storm damage. However, there is a clause that states that if the damage is caused by a named storm, the deductible goes up to 10% of the damage repair costs. Your cute game of naming winter storms is going to cost a lot of people a lot of money."
Poster David L Backlin looked through the list and noticed the name Gandolf listed.
(TWC says it is NOT a misspelling of the famous Gandalf. That Gandolf is simply another character from another book. I'm not buying that.)
David made this observation and suggested a promotion for TWC: "Here's how it works: We have a Severe Weather Bulletin for Winter Storm Gandalf, but first: Storm Stories, followed by When Weather Changed History. Then stay tuned for Coast Guard Florida and Turbine Cowboys."
That one made me laugh...only because it is too true.
I'm waiting on the next big ice storm to hit Green Country. I will remind them to not blame me, it's all because of Zeus!
TWC's thought is if the media keeps talking about "Yogi" enough, maybe some viewers will take action that they otherwise wouldn't. I think the original intention may be noble but fearful think this is mostly done for ratings. That just my opinion.
What do you think about this? Tell me below or check out my Facebook page .
Copyright 2012 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Weather Headlines
Officials awaited daybreak to fully assess the scope of the destruction left in the wake of a deadly tornado in Granbury.
On May 3, 1999 an EF-5 tornado tore through Oklahoma, claiming 44 lives. The twister produced the strongest winds ever recorded at the time.
Fourteen years ago, an F5 tornado paved a path of destruction through Oklahoma that left more than three dozen dead and massive damage in its wake.
<|endofexample|>
Concert Information and Family Fun
Posted: 11:11 a.m. Monday, Dec. 10, 2012
By Cheryl Lock
Creating a bucket list can be both awesomely fun and amazingly daunting. The trick to the ultimate bucket list is to include both “reach” items and things that would be easy to accomplish (because honestly, what’s the point if you aren’t having fun with it?).
If you’re at a loss for where to begin on your own awesomely achievable 2013 bucket list, consider starting with a few of these ideas, any of which would be sure to make the new year a really good one:
Get a Journal
Oprah Winfrey has been journaling since she was 15. “In my 40s … I started using journals to express my gratitude—and watched my blessings multiple,” she has said. Those are just a few of the reasons why we love journaling so much. Not only is it fun to look back on what we’ve written over the years, journaling can also be very cathartic. Whatever we’re going through at the time, it always makes us feel better to take five minutes to write our feelings out in a journal.
Start a Book Club
If you’re anything like us, sometimes we need a little motivation to do certain things, like exercise more, or read more books. Starting a book club is an easy way to make reading fun. You’ll be exposed to books that you never even knew existed if everyone in your club takes turns picking which books to read, and book clubs are a great way to bond with friends (and potentially make some new ones!), too.
Open a Roth IRA
It can be hard to concentrate on having fun in the new year when you’re worried about finances. When you open a Roth IRA, you’re making a decision to invest in your future, which will help put your mind at ease a bit in the present. Roth IRAs are a good choice for a retirement account because the maximum amount you can contribute ($5,500 for 2013) isn’t too daunting, and you won’t be taxed on your savings when you remove that money in the future to use for retirement.
Of course there are stipulations and other rules to keep in mind. Find out more about Roth IRA accounts, eligibility requirements and stipulations here.
Plan a Trip
Vacation doesn’t have to be exotic or uber expensive. Of course, if you have the money and are interested in traveling to an exotic local, by all means you should. However, if you’d love to take a fun trip, but aren’t sure where to get started finding a place to go or don’t want to spend a ton getting there, there are still ways to have a getaway without stressing yourself out or going broke. Start with your budget. Figure out how much you’d like to spend on the trip and, if possible, consider setting up a separate savings account to start socking away for your expedition every month. This will make it easier to pay for the trip when the time comes. (Also consider some of the other ways you can save on travel, like booking hotel and flights together through sites like Orbitz or Expedia, and consider flying out on an off-peak day, like a Tuesday or a Wednesday).
Then you’ll just need to figure out where you’d like to go. Start by considering how far you’d like to travel, and whether or not you’d prefer to drive or fly. That will help narrow down your destination options. Then consider what type of travel you’d like to do. Are you looking for adventure, or do you prefer hitting up an amazing spa or hanging out by a pool all day? Use that to narrow your search even more. Then, hit the Internet. Tripadvisor has reliable, extensive advice on any area you can imagine by travelers just like you who have been there, done that, and Yelp can help you find some amazing (and reasonably priced!) restaurants and bars once you get there.
Try Cooking at Least Three Times a Week
Unless you’re a chef at heart, it’s often difficult to think about cooking dinner when it’s so much easier to order out. Think of it this way though: making an effort to cook more and eat out less will help both your waistline and your wallet. The thing to do is to set an easy goal for yourself when first getting started. Setting the goal of cooking at least three times a week is probably reachable—especially if you make it fun by trying to test out new recipes or inviting friends and family over to partake in your newfound hobby.
Cheryl Lock, the personal finance blogger for Savings.com. Her features have also appeared on LearnVest and in Parents magazine. Visit her personal blog about travel at wearywanderer.wordpress *}
<|endofexample|>
By Stephanie Tweito JacobFrom Life & Beauty Weekly
Your schedule is packed enough as it is. But when you add the extras required before a party -- finding a baby sitter, buying a gift for the hostess, etc. -- things can get as hectic as Times Square on New Year's Eve.
Who has time for makeup?
Actually, you do! A festive party calls for a little more makeup than your everyday swipe of lip gloss, and it's surprisingly easy to liven up your look and still be out the door in a flash.
The trick: Stick with the natural look you usually have but use makeup to play up your best feature -- either your lips, cheeks or eyes.
"Enhancing one part helps you look polished, refreshed, beautiful and not overly made up," says Maria Verel, a celebrity makeup artist in New York City.
Pick the one feature that people have always complimented, suggests Verel. Then follow these steps to create a simple, pretty look in less time than it took to choose your outfit.
Holiday Lips
1. Go for a bright shade of lipstick."A bright color highlights lips," says Joette Balsamo, a makeup artist based in New York City. "Bright colors pull things forward; dark colors hide and shrink." For a safe bet, pick one that's one or two shades brighter than your lips' natural tone.
If you're feeling more daring, branch out from the pinks. Soft coral shades compliment fair skin, cherry reds pop next to medium-toned complexion and cranberry is best for darker skin tones, says Balsamo.
2. Dust on pressed powder.To help your color stay on (and stay true), apply powder to lips before applying lipstick, says Verel.
3. Use a lip brush.A brush gives you more control than swiping straight from the tube. That means you'll achieve an even application and a neater lip line, which are especially important with brighter shades.
4. Go with light makeup elsewhere.To keep lips in the spotlight, apply a neutral, shimmery eye shadow, curl lashes and swipe on mascara. Dust bronzer all over your face for a warm complexion.
Cheerful Cheeks
1. Pinch cheeks to determine your shade.Your most flattering blush color mimics a natural flush, says Balsamo. If skin is dark and you don't see skin flush, pick a bright-fuchsia blush, which appears subtle and rosy on cheeks. Opt for a powder formula versus a cream because powders blend more quickly and easily.
2. Apply blush to the apples of cheeks.Dip a fluffy blush brush into the powder, tap the handle on the back of your hand to shake off excess and smile. Place the brush on the apples of cheeks and swirl it in a circular motion.
3. Add a little shimmer.Using your finger, tap shimmery powder highlighter on the skin above the apples of your cheeks (below your under-eyes, where you would apply concealer). This adds a soft glow and highlights cheekbones, which can make your face look slimmer, says Balsamo.
4. Give lips and eyes subtle shine.A soft-pink lip gloss or balm gives definition without stealing the focus from cheeks. For eyes, dab on shimmery beige shadow, curl your lashes and apply mascara.
Festive Eyes
1. Apply a neutral shimmer shadow.With a fluffy brush, sweep a shimmery beige-gold or peach eye shadow over your entire lid. The soft sparkle makes eyes look brighter.
2. Line eyes with shadow to emphasize shape.Dampen a small eyeliner brush and press it into a black matte eye shadow. (Wet shadow glides over lids more easily and looks more natural than pencil liner.) Starting at the inner corner of your eye, drag the brush along your upper lash line. Push the shadow into eyelash roots to make lashes look thicker. Don't bother lining the bottom lid, says Verel. It may make eyes seem smaller.
3. Smudge and blend.Using a cotton swab, gently smudge the line for a more natural effect.
4. Curl and lengthen lashes.Curl your lashes to open and brighten eyes. Press the wand of a black mascara into lash roots, then wiggle the brush from side to side as you brush through. Next, hold the wand vertically, and lightly feather along the tips of lashes to bring out more fullness and length.
5. Think pink for lips and cheeks.Balance dramatic lashes and defined eyes with sheer pink lip gloss or balm and sheer cream blush. This keeps your face bright and won't seem overdone next to your festive eyes.
<|endofexample|>
The KLPW Radio Athlete of the Week is Anna Houston with the Union Track and Field Team. She was recently named the Girls Outstanding Performer in the Four Rivers Conference Meet at St. Clair High School. Anna ran in the district meet in Jefferson City Saturday and qualified for the sectional in the 100 and 300 hurdles, the long jump and the 4X400 Relay.
<|endofexample|>
Starting at 10 am each Saturday in March, KLRU Create offers viewers themed programming to get you started on various projects. KLRU Create is on channel 18.2 over the air.
March 5 Let the Good Times Roll
In honor of the biggest party on the bayou, “Laissez Les Bons Temps Roule” – Let the Good Times Roll! We’re celebrating Mardi Gras, with chefs Steve Raichlen, John Folse, Paul Prudhomme and John Shields. They will be preparing the finest seafood and Cajun dishes just in time for Fat Tuesday!
March 12 Top O’ the Morning
Today everyone is Irish and we are celebrating St. Patrick’s Day. Rick Steves, Rudy Maxa and Burt Wolf are your Emerald Isle tour guides. Even Irish folksinger, Tommy Makem, gets in on the exploration; visiting churches, pubs and castles in Ireland. Happy St. Patrick’s Day!
March 19 Spring is in the Air
The weather is getting warmer and everything is emerging from winter’s deep freeze. Whether you celebrate Passover or Easter, Burt Wolf will be in the mix of the festivities. P. Allen Smith has flowers, flowers and more flowers to usher in spring. Join Katie Brown as she prepares an unforgettable spring brunch. Spring has sprung!
March 26 California Dreamin’
This trip to the West Coast, is a dream come true! Hop a trolley in San Francisco and sip wine in Napa with Burt Wolf.!
<|endofexample|>
This is the first of a 2-part series looking at some of the best players in the 2013 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament. Part 1 looks at standouts from the Big 6 conferences. Part 2, coming Thursday, will discuss the best of the mid-majors.
(RNN) – The commoners are creeping closer, but basketball's nobles still hold the castle surrounding the NCAA national championship.
Teams from the Big 6 – ACC, Big Ten, Big 12, Big East, Pac 12 and SEC – have won the last 22 titles. The most recent time a squad outside the major programs walked away from the Big Dance as champions was in 1990, when UNLV won it all.
Last season was a return to dominance for the power schools; only Ohio of the Mid-American Conference and the Atlantic 10's Xavier made it into the second week of play.
That bucked the trend of previous tournaments when mid-majors broke past the gates of the Sweet Sixteen – most notably Butler, which was in the final game two years in a row.
But 2012 was also an outlier in the terms of the talent pool. Many top freshman from 2011 stayed in school another year – most at Big 6 programs – and the incoming class of newbies was one of the strongest in a decade.
With that pool a little more shallow, the Butlers, Gonzagas and New Mexicos have a much better chance of ending that 22-year streak.
Four of the nation's top players - Trey Burke, Shane Larkin, Victor Oladipo and Mason Plumlee - lead four of the favorites from the Big 6 this year. They will be working to see the reign of excellence last at least one more season.
<|endofexample|>
Armstrong looks forward to leading the Blues to success
BLUES
Credit: UPI
St. Louis Blues General Manager Doug Armstrong talks with reporters after it was announced he has been signed to a five-year contract extention, at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis on January 16, 2013. Armstrong, who was named the NHL's 2012 General Manager of the Year, is the 11th General Manager in Blues' history and guided the 2011-12 team to its first Central Division title since 2000 and a franchise record 30-6-5 mark at home. UPI/Bill Greenblatt
<|endofexample|>
CHESTERFIELD, Mo. (KMOV.com) -- A program in the St. Louis area lets students try out real jobs while they are still in middle school.
Junior Achievement of Greater St. Louis emphasizes work readiness, entrepreneurship and financial literacy to the young adults who come through its doors.
Students are given life scenarios, taught how to balance a budget and about the importance of saving.
"I've been teaching for 13 years, and this is the best field trip we have ever gone on because the kids are doing what they're actually going to do in real life," said Stacey Geluck, a 5th grade teacher at Whiteside Middle School. "It's the closest they're going to get to being in real life until they're there, until they're done with college."
The organization runs with the help of many volunteers and community donations. To learn more about Junior Achievement of Greater St. Louis, visit.
<|endofexample|>
Most of us approach taxes as something to put off thinking about until absolutely necessary. However, with a bit of forethought and preparation, you can make next year's taxes go much more smoothly. More>>
Identity thieves are sophisticated and may get your information despite your best efforts. That doesn't mean, however, that common sense precautions don't work. More>>
The big deadline to file your income taxes with the IRS is Tuesday, April 17. Though it's still a bit limited, the tax app selection for iPad is better than any other platform. More>>
Both online tax software and tax professionals have their own set of advantages, but which one is actually better for your bottom line? More>>
In order to file as head of household, you must meet several requirements. Find out whether being head of household comes with any tax benefits. More>>
Eight smart ways to spend that bonus paycheck More>>
What federal tax deductions can you take for a mortgage and other home ownership expenses? More>>
If you owe money this year, and lack enough money in reserves to pay the entire debt, you can take many steps to stay on Uncle Sam's good side. More>>
Congress and President Obama may have avoided the fiscal cliff, but that does not mean taxpayers escaped tax increases. More>>
Following the tax law changes made under the American Taxpayer Relief Act, the IRSit plans to open the 2013 filing season and begin processing individual income tax returns on Jan. 30. More>>
The House of Representatives settled on an 11th-hour agreement that averted widespread tax increases and spending cuts that were set to kick in Jan. 1. More>>
10 ways to use your income tax refund to get out of debt, build a brighter future. More>>
Should you be worried that Congress will take away your mortgage interest deduction as part of the "fiscal cliff" negotiations? For the great majority of homeowners, the answer is "no." More>>
Looking for your tax refund? The IRS has the answer for where it is, along with a host of other refund-related questions.>>
<|endofexample|>
By J.1 banana1/2 cup low-fat yogurt1/2 cup whole grain cereal
Directions1.1..
Julie Bean is a writer and editor based in New York City. She has covered health, nutrition, technology and lifestyle topics for numerous publications, including Every Day With Rachael Ray, Weight Watchers and Time Out New York Kids.
<|endofexample|>
Mike Smith has been riding his bike on the stretch of road near Willow and Friant for a while.
"Been riding along here for probably 25 years," Smith said.
He says aggressive drivers are common.
"Probably the worst thing I've had thrown at me is somebody tossed a full bottle of water at me," Smith said.
Nathan Oreizi has experienced them too.
"A few cases where people throw glass or just objects," Oreizi said.
But it reached a whole new level Tuesday, when an off-duty sheriff's deputy was shot while riding his bike in the same area.
"I was surprised. I didn't think they were that ruthless, but I guess that's just the way people are," Oreizi said.
Bicyclists say, though the threat of being shot at is pretty extreme, they do know they run the risk of becoming a target.
But they say that won't stop them from going for a ride.
"This sort of thing can happen anywhere any time for any reason. If we lock ourselves in our houses, which is basically what you have to do, if you really want to be totally safe, then those people win and you can't do that," Smith said.
"You hear about something like this and it just makes you want to go out there even more. Hopefully one day they'll learn to respect us. Because if you stop, they'll never respect us," Oreizi said.
The bicyclists we spoke with did say, although they've seen aggression from some drivers, most drivers on the road are courteous towards bicycle riders.
<|endofexample|>
Dumpster Fire Leads to Arrest of Three Juveniles
Three juveniles have been arrested for allegedly setting a newspaper recycle dumpster on fire. According to the Richmond Police Department, the Fire Department and law enforcement officers on Friday responded to the blaze in the 600 block of North Thornton Street. An investigation revealed the fire was intentional, and the 12-, 13-, and 14-year-old were subsequently arrested. The case will be sent to the juvenile office.
<|endofexample|>
Monday, November 5, 2012
Modification Monday: Taschenpulli
Original Pattern: Brea Bag
Knitter Extraordiniare: Sannah (Ravelry ID)
Mods: Knitted four of the original pattern and assembled into a sweater, adding ribbing for the sleeves, hem, and neck. Details on her project page, which can be found here.
What Makes This Awesome: I have never imagined turning a bag into a sweater, but holy smokes, does it ever work. I am absolutely in love with Sannah's beautiful sweater-the cabled design of the original pattern looks like snowflakes when laid out flat (as opposed to being sewn together to make the bag). A bit of seaming and a lot of ribbing makes this sweater my ideal winter sweater- cozy, easy to wear, and totally gorgeous.
11 comments:
C'est magnifique !
Wow Beautiful! So impressive. . . wish I was wearing it to class today !
I agree, strikingly beautiful and so figure flattering too.
wowza! This is beautiful!! I, personally, am not one to use self striping or multi-colored yarn with cables but this really works!! And I have to agree that it is very figure flattering.
Wow, that's beautiful!
That is so lovely! I want one :)
This is wonderful. Love the lines. what a wonderful modification.
What a brilliant idea. IT does look fantastic! Looks so cozy and intrcate!
The complexity of this knit mod has blown my mind. It's beautiful :)
The pattern as well as the colours remind me of alexander McQueen's Atlantis collection. Very artistic and impressive!
Gorgeous!!
<|endofexample|>
Prefabricated plots
Freely combining datastreams
Testbed documentation
GALES movies
Days of interest
Thumbnail overview
Driver file archive
Simulation chart
Observations chart
Variable charts
Colors and labels
View plot collection
Cabauw real-time quicklooks
Chilbolton real-time quicklooks
GCSS
GCSS BLCWG
CFMIP
EUCLIPSE
BNL Fast Physics Project
Roel Neggers
Welcome to the KNMI Parameterization Testbed (KPT). The purpose of this project is to comprehensively evaluate existing and new parameterizations for general circulation models (GCMs) against atmospheric measurements from various permanent meteorological "supersites" on a continuous, daily basis.
Click on "Resources/Testbed documentation" in the menu on the left to read more about the motivation behind the KPT, its general evaluation strategy, and all details of its configuration. Click on "Standard output" to see prefabricated plots, and "Interactive interface" to start plotting datastreams interactively. Various handy tools are available under "Resources", such as a thumbnail viewer, a simulation chart, and a plot collection manager.
(Hint: if your screen is not wide enough, just hide the menu)
Created by Roel Neggers
<|endofexample|>
Last weekend, we were fortunate to be able to make a longer visit back home to Birmingham.
John made the call to drive on Wednesday night, so Sarah would sleep more and we could make better time. That was a great call, because she slept from just east of Beaumont to just west of Tuscaloosa. We swapped off a couple of times, tried the 5 Hour Energy, which worked surprisingly well, and then went back to sleep pretty quickly after we made a stop in Cottondale.
I slept a little on Thursday morning, but was pretty much awake (I have a hard time sleeping during the day. My body is just up, so I deal with it) so I took Sarah to my Mom's office so we could have lunch. Afterwards, I got my hair cut at my step{sister}'s salon, and we headed for home.
Friday, Mom and I went shopping while John and Kevin headed out to their first day at the track. It was a good day. We got to visit the new outlet malls near the Bass Pro Shop near the Barber Motorsports Park, and then went to Penney's in Trussville. We headed for home, and had dinner with my step{sisters} and their families. The boys were darling with Sarah. C2 was kind of skittish when we went back in February, but after C1 got there and wanted to play with her, he was fine.
Saturday we went to C1's soccer game, and then one of my aunts, my cousin, and her family came over to meet Sarah. That lasted most of the afternoon, and we had a quiet evening in.
Sunday, Sarah and I went to church with Mom while Zane, John and Kevin all went out to the track. Lunch at Mellow Mushroom, which I miss a lot, quick stop at Kohl's for more Sarah Shopping, and we spent the afternoon at home. I did a little laundry, got things packed up, and we enjoyed our last evening in Alabama.
Monday we hit the road before six a.m. and made it back to our apartment a little after five. We had a couple of extended stops, but it was a good trip back. Sarah did really well until that last little bit, but I think she was tired of the car seat, and quite frankly I was tired of the car too. John worked and fed her, laptop open in the back seat, one hand holding the bottle while he worked with the other.
We had a good trip. I got to spend a lot of time with Mom, and do a few things with the step{sisters} and their boys. It was really unusual for me; I get so used to doing everything by myself, or just with John. I went four whole days with other people who not only offered to help, but who just did. Someone was always there to hold her so I could eat or go to the restroom or get a bottle or whatever I needed to do. She had cousins to play with, and C1 wanted to hold her hand while she was in the stroller at his soccer game.
I could get used to that. That's honestly the thing I miss the most about being all the way out here in Houston. I miss my family. I miss just doing little things together. I dislike the fact I don't get to see too many of C1's soccer (or football or t-ball) games. I dislike the fact we won't be able to see the new addition, when C2's little sister/brother comes along. I haven't really made many friends out here, and it gets kind of lonely.
I'm trying to fix that. I think once I find a church I like, it will be better. I think once I get happier at work and fix that situation, it will get better. When Sarah is a little bigger and we can go play with friends, that will be better. I know I can't live my life waiting on things to happen, which is why I'm working the plan we laid out a few weeks ago to make things better. For now, I fake it when I have to until I can make it real.
But it was awfully good to be home.
<|endofexample|>
Apply Online
Knowledge Well is one of the leading International Educational and Training consultancies within the UK and we represent universities all around the UK. We contribute to the design of several academic programmes to meet specific needs of international students.
We offer consultation services to students and provide support and advice to students upon their arrival in the UK (which is when they need it the most). In our counselling sessions, we put into consideration our students' preferences as well as offer them genuine advice on their choice of university and course of study.
Our consultants have a vast knowledge of the universities (and the courses they offer) and are not restricted to a particular set of schools so will give you unbiased, accurate and updated information about the universities.We are UK based and we have direct connection with the universities and we get updated on the latest offers and courses.
We know the entry requirements for every university and according to your current qualification, we will get hold of the best offer possible. There is always something for everyone
We are updated on the United Kingdom Border Agency [UKBA] regulations and we will help you obtain supporting letter, advice you on every document required for visa applications and prepare you for a successful and easy interview.
And to crown it all, our services are FREE, and our job ends when you graduate not when you travel.
Работает на Joomla!.
Designed by: best racing game seat dot org domains Valid XHTML and CSS.
<|endofexample|>
American Education Week, November 11-17, 2012
KNUJ will broadcast special interviews with school administrators, teachers and students during American Education Week. Tune in at the respective times to hear about our featured schools: Nicollet, Wabasso, GFW and Sibley East.
Tuesday, November 13 - Nicollet, 10:25am; 1:42pm; 2:12pm; 3:40pm
Wednesday, November 14 – Wabasso, 10:25am; 1:42pm; 2:12pm; 3:40pm
Thursday, November 15 – GFW, 10:25am; 1:40pm; 2:12pm; 3:40pm
Friday, November 16 - Sibley East, 10:25am; 1:40pm; 2:12pm; 2:50pm
Wabasso Education Focus 2012
Nicollet Education Focus 2012
GFW Education Focus 2012
Sibley East Education Focus 2012
<|endofexample|>
content supplied by
The quitting timeline).
Find out more tips for having good sex.
Improved.
Whiter teeth
Giving up tobacco stops teeth becoming stained, and you'll have fresher breath. Ex-smokers are less likely than smokers to get gum disease and lose their teeth prematurely.
Find out more about dental health.. Also, the improved levels of oxygen in the body means that ex-smokers can concentrate better and have increased mental wellbeing.
Improved senses.
Healthier loved ones.
Back
<|endofexample|>
Posted: Oct 26, 2012 2:49 PM by Meteorologist Brad Sowder
Skies will continue to clear in southern Colorado through the evening hours and temperatures will drop. Overnight lows tonight will fall to some of the coldest numbers so far this season. By Saturday morning many locations will be in the mid teens to around 20. Mountains locations will find themselves in the lower teens. Saturday will start a warming trend, but it will still end up being a cool day. The warming trend will continue into next week. Dry weather will now be the rule through at least midweek next week.
Saturday Forecast:
Colorado Springs: Sunny, light winds, high 49
Pueblo: Mostly sunny, light winds, high 54
Monument: Mostly sunny, light winds, high 45
Teller County: Sunshine, light winds, high 42
<|endofexample|>
Posted: Oct 18, 2011 5:35 PM by Matt Stafford
It was an unusual courtroom setting -- Fountain-Ft. Carson High School doesn't host many hearings -- and they were taking a look at an unusual case.
In 2006, Adams County rancher Daniel Bowen had lost several of his cattle to coyotes. He decided to poison them by putting an herbicide in some meat and leaving in an area the coyotes had been seen. Five local dogs ate the meat and died.
In court, the jury told Bowen to pay for the market value of the dogs, but not for extra damages -- like emotional distress.
The dog owners filed an appeal, saying the trial court made mistakes in the proceedings -- like giving incorrect instructions to jurors before they made their decision.
The appeal was heard in front of an auditorium of Fountain - Ft. Carson students; it was part of the Courts in the Community program -- teaching students about the legal system.
The defense argued that the case was handled correctly; that the plaintiffs had received what they sought in trial, and that they couldn't seek new damages that hadn't been proven in the trial.
Three judges heard the case; they'll form an opinion later on, sharing the results. It can be weeks before the parties know the outcome of the case.
"We look for cases that would be of interest particularly to students," Colorado Court of Appeals Judge Richard Gabriel.
"We got to hear like both sides of the story," says student Linda Davis.
A high school may not be the typical setting for an appeal, but everything went like it would have in court. The only thing that changed for today's hearings was the location.
"These are real cases; involving real people, and the lawyers are really doing their job and working very hard," says Judge Gabriel.
The attorneys even spent time to talking to the students about their jobs after their hearing.
It was a new experience for Davis, the student who said she enjoyed hearing both sides of the story. She's been thinking about becoming a lawyer, and got a dose of how it works on Tuesday.
"I don't know, I'm still trying to decide," says Davis, laughing.
Luckily Davis, and others who watched the case, still have time to figure it out; hopefully this helped.
For more on Courts in the Community, click here.
<|endofexample|>
Confederate flag ban sparks debate at school
Ban comes after alleged hate crime
The Department of Justice attempts to bring peace to a divided town, where Confederate flags and a hate crime incident have people fuming.
Residents packed a Delores..
<|endofexample|>
Visitors eye Balloon Fiesta collectibles
Posted at: 10/05/2012 9:01 PM
| Updated at: 10/05/2012 10:10 PM
By: Adam Camp, KOB Eyewitness News 4
.jpg)
The 41st International Balloon Fiesta is upon Albuquerque, and beyond the ascensions and food, the constant on many locals and tourists is the clothing and pins.
Jodi Webber's company runs the official merchandise for the Balloon Fiesta. She said come Saturday morning, it will be standing room only in her massive tents. She said there is one popular item in her store so far.
"We always do an official event hat, and we've added an official event pin to go with it," she said. And that is going really fast."
But the main thing most people ask about when they come into her store is about the official Balloon Fiesta T-shirt.
She said there is something about the T-shirt that makes people come back year after year.
"It has the name, Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta and the year, that's what just makes it so special and everybody wants that," Webber said.
One customer told us she prefers pins over anything else. She said she got the official shirt last year for the 40th anniversary, but she said this year has a more economic trend.
"We're looking for the sales. Get better deals on the sales. So it's good to come early. Last year we missed out on that early day," Tracey Moushon, of Illinois, said.
Things go quickly from merchandise tents, so Moushon suggests that if something catches the eye, do not hesitate.
Jodi Webber said things will be hectic over the weekend when it comes to buying things, and the smart shoppers wait until Monday to hit up the merchandise shops.
<|endofexample|>
Journeying to the West: An Interview with Christina Stiles
Tell me what’s awesome about your new Kobold Press adventure anthology Journeys to the West.
It’s sea-faring adventure. What’s not awesome about high-seas escapades and exploration? Plus, we’ve thrown in enough new monsters and islands to keep a campaign going for quite some time. Although these are set in Midgard’s Western Ocean, a GM could really place them in any campaign with no trouble at all.
<|endofexample|>
Prosecutors in Pottawatomie County reached a plea bargain with a man who led authorities on a pursuit in July.
Robert Almon, of Tecumseh, had his 3-year-old daughter and another child in the car, which prompted officials to issue an Amber Alert. Almon was arrested in southeast Norman after a brief standoff one day later.
Almon will serve a 10-year suspended sentence for eluding police and an unrelated assault charge. However, the kidnapping charge was dropped because Almon had joint custody of his daughter when the Amber Alert was issued.
The father of the boy who was in the car did not wish to pursue charges.
Almon was released from jail soon after the plea deal was reached on Thursday.
<|endofexample|>
Accident causes backup on I-44UPDATED 11:56 AM CST Dec 05, 2012
- Advertising
More Video
The views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies. By posting your comments you agree to accept our terms of use.
Most Popular
- Advertising
Latest from KOCO
Advertising
Local Links
<|endofexample|>
CHICAGO (AP) -- A 31-year-old amputee has made history, becoming the first person to climb 103 floors of one of the world's tallest skyscrapers with a bionic leg.
Zac Vawter was wearing a prosthetic leg controlled by neural activity Sunday when he participated in "SkyRise Chicago." The charity event raises funds for the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago.
The event marked the bionic leg's first test in the public eye. USA Today's Janice Lloyd reports more specifics about how the leg works. In her online report Lloyd writes, "When Vawter's surgeon removed his leg, he transplanted nerve cells from the lower leg to his hamstring. Sensors attached on the skin near those nerves communicate information to the bionic leg's microprocessor."
A very simplistic way to describe the process is like this: 2013 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
LAS VEGAS (AP) - A judge is calling for an independent medical expert to review the fitness for trial of a former Nevada physician facing murder and other charges stemming a 2007 hepatitis C outbreak at his Las Vegas clinics. Clark County District Court Judge Valerie Adair says she doesn't want to postpone the April 22 trial of Dipak Desai and a former employee.
Desai's attorney, Richard Wright, said Friday that Desai suffered another stroke Feb. 24, and can't assist in his own defense. Wright on Thursday submitted a physician's report to the judge that says Desai is confused, disoriented and has speech and physical problems. Prosecutor Michael Staudaher says it's not clear whether Desai is incapacitated or faking. Staudaher has in the past accused Desai of "malingering" to avoid trial.
Copyright 2013 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
It was another great night for Bull Riding at the Reno Rodeo on Wednesday night. J.W. Harris tied the high score with a 90 point ride. J.C. Bean also had a great showing with an 86.
Saddle Bronc saw two Nevada cowboys in the go-round. Spring Creek's Jess Jones scored a 78. That followed his first round 67.
Elko's Joe Heguy had another tough night. He scored a 70 in his first re-ride. Heguy was back in the saddle for another ride, but his colt didn't cooperate. Heguy got another re-ride. He'll be back in the 7th performance.
The bareback had Elko's Paul Jones in the spotlight. He scored a 75. Jones is tied for 14th overall.
Other High Scores:
Saddle Bronc - Chris Harris: 86 points.
Steer Wrestling - Teddy Johnson: 4.5 seconds.
Bareback - Cody DeMoss: 85 points.
Team Roping - Enrique Salas @ Adrian Salas: 6.0 seconds.
Tie Down Roping - Trevor Brazile: 8.5 seconds.
Barrel Race - Patt Spratt/ Gina Graham: 17.41 seconds.
Designed by Gray Digital Media
<|endofexample|>
While at work today I heard a helicopter hovering overhead, when I went out to see what was going on I looked to the East to see this awesome effect... a rainbow colored cloud.
Rainbow Cloud
By: GrandPrecursorSubscribe Channel: Weather & Scenery Location: Bremerton, WA
2 Comments
This story is inappropriate and should be flagged for moderation. Please choose from one of the following options:
says ... on Sunday, Aug 14 at 5:24 PMsays ... on Sunday, Aug 14 at 5:24 PM
cencorship is unamerican! don't post the truth komo4 it will still affect you. you lost a veiwer.
says ... on Sunday, Aug 14 at 11:33 AMsays ... on Sunday, Aug 14 at 11:33 AM
PLEASE WATCH! what on earth are they spraying (youtube video) THIS WILL EXPLAIN WHAT THIS IS.do you own research please. it is not clouds!!! look up and listen to your gutt feeling.once you are informed it will open more ? than awnsers.
You have indicated this comment should be removed.
The comment has been submitted for review. Thank you .
<|endofexample|>
© Koodal :: advertise :: sponsored by Mahizham :: Tamil Font Download Here
Make Koodal.com as your Home Page :: Add to Favorites :: Copyright and Disclaimer :: Privacy Statement :: Contact Us
© Mahizham Infotech 2000 - 2008. All rights reserved. Best viewed with Internet Explorer 3.x or Later
<|endofexample|>
Dave Matthews Band And Dave Matthews - Warehouse Lyrics
The "Warehouse" lyrics by Dave Matthews Band And Dave Matthews Matthews Band And Dave Matthews, make sure to visit the artist homepage on KOvideo.
Warehouse by Dave Matthews Band And Dave Matthews
So, I'm leaving...
This Warehouse frightens me.
Has me tied up in knots...
Can't rest for a Moment.
Soon, I'm going...
I'm slippin' slow away
Hoping to find something better...
Than I've got inside of here,
And the Warehouse slips away.
Hey reckless mind
Don't throw away your playful beginnings
You and I
Will fumble around in the touches and be sure to...
Leave all the lights on
So we can see the black cat changing colors
And who can walk under ladders
And swim as the tide
Turns you around and around
Hey we have found
Becoming one in a million
Slip into the crowd
This question I found in the gap in the sidewalk
Keep all your sights on
Hey, the black cat changing colors
And who can walk under ladders
And swim as the tide choose to turn you
And here I sit
Life goes on, end of tunnel, TV set
Spot in the middle
Static fade, statistical bit
And soon I'll fade away, I'll fade away
Lyrics provided by
Source -
But this I admit taste so good
Hard to believe an end to it
Smell touch feel
How could this rhythm ever quit
Bags packed on a plane
Hopefully to heaven, yeah
Shut up, I'm thinking
I had a clue now it's gone forever
Sitting over these bones
You can read in whatever you're needing to
Keep all your sights on
Yeah, man, the black cat changing colors
It's not the colors that matter
But that they'll all fade away
Life goes on, end of tunnel, TV set
Spot in the middle
Static fade, statistical bit
And soon I'll fade away, I'll fade awayThis
That's our blood down there
Seems poured from the hands of angels
But trickle into the ground
Leaves the Warehouse bare and empty
And my heart's numbered beat
Still echo in this empty room
And the fear wells in me
But nothing seems enough to defend
So I am going away
I am going away
...to the end.
Correct/Submit this lyric
You are viewing Warehouse lyrics performed by Dave Matthews Band And Dave Matthews. The song lyrics for Warehouse in KOvideo are property of respective authors, artists and labels. If you want to use these lyrics, please contact the authors, artists or labs. If you like the sound of Warehouse, please buy the track using the iTunes/Amazon links above to support Dave Matthews Band And Dave Matthews.
Warehouse Song Lyrics Meanings
Be the first to comment and win valuable reputation points!
Dave Matthews Band And Dave Matthews Popular Lyrics
- American Baby
Rating: -
- Looking At You
Rating: -
-
- Big Eyed Fish
Rating: -
- Grace Is Gone
Rating: -
<|endofexample|>
Twins Caravan 2010
Click thumbnails for full size photos!
TC chats with Tom Schedin
Tim Edwards and Erin Anderson grab a shot with TC
Lots of memorabilia on display
Enthusiastic fan
Sold out crowd!
TC serves dinner
Nicole Zorman tries to get over her case of Mascot Phobia
Danny Gladden MCs the evening
Jesse Crain and Jason Kubel take questions from the crowd
A young fan waits for his turn to ask a question
Former figure skater Jesse Crain
More questions.....
TC helps hand out door prizes including autographed baseballs
Plenty of time for autographs after the program
Click
here
for photos from the 2009 Twins Caravan
<|endofexample|>
Thursday, December 31, 2009
Audio
San Diego City's Campaign Contribution Limits Challenged
Aired 12/31/09
Prominent San Diego Republicans want a federal judge to grant an injunction overturning campaign finance restrictions on next year’s City Council elections.
Prominent San Diego Republicans want a federal judge to grant an injunction overturning campaign finance restrictions on next year’s City Council elections.
A coalition of Republicans says San Diego City's Ethics Commission’s campaign finance laws are unconstitutional. Michael Rosen, secretary of San Diego’s Republican Party, says the lawsuit seeks to lift the $500 contribution limits for city council races.
"We think this will benefit all political parties and all advocacy groups," Rosen said.
But Jess Durfee, chair of the San Diego Democratic Party, says the campaign contribution limits create a level playing field for candidates.
“The Republicans are proposing to allow a few rich people in San Diego to start bankrolling their ideal candidate, and buy elections for them,” Durfee said.
James Bopp, the Indiana attorney who filed the suit on behalf of the Republicans, says he has already filed several campaign finance suits all the way to the Supreme Court, and won.
“Of the 100 campaign finance cases I’ve handled,” Bopp said. “We won two-thirds in the district courts, 90 percent in the Courts of Appeal and 80 percent of the cases I’ve argued in the U.S. Supreme Court.”
A San Diego Federal District Court judge is expected to issue a ruling January 25th.
Four of the eight San Diego City Council seats are up for election in 2010, and three of them are currently held by Democrats.
Log in to comment:
Forgot your password?
<|endofexample|>
Incantesimo Napoletano/A Neopolitan Spell
Incantesimo Napoletano/A Neopolitan Spell plays for one night only and is sponsored by the San Diego Italian Film Festival.
Incantesimo Napoletano/A Neopolitan Spell.
Births Are Driving California's Population Growth
More people were born in the U.S. in 2007 than in any time in our history. And birth rates have become the driving force of California's population growth. KPBS reporter Tom Fudge has more.
More Water But Mandatory Rationing Still Likely
The California Department of Water Resources says it will increase the amount of water delivered from the state water project this year. KPBS Environment Reporter Ed Joyce says local water agencies will take every extra drop of water they can get.
Study Says Boost in Construction Won't Ease California's Uninsured Problem
California's construction industry will get a major boost from the federal stimulus package. But a new study predicts new spending on construction will do little to reduce the high number of uninsured workers. KPBS Reporter Kenny Goldberg has more.
San Diego Union-Tribune Being Sold to Equity Firm.
Making Back Country Safer During Fire Season
Proposed rules changes that are meant to make the back country safer during fire season were well received at a public hearing yesterday. But there were some points of disagreement. KPBS reporter Katie Orr has details.
Kyoto Prize Winner Explains the Benefits of Living in a Diverse Society
What are the benefits of living in a multicultural society? Why is it important that different age, ethnic, and cultural groups are recognized and valued in their community? How do our community bonds affect our identity, and the decisions we make? Host Maureen Cavanaugh speaks to Kyoto Prize winner Dr. Charles Taylor about his research into the value of living in a diverse society.
The Politics of Healthcare Reform
Most people agree that the current health care system in America needs changing. But there is no consensus on how to do it. We'll talk about the politics behind healthcare reform with KPBS Political Correspondent Gloria Penner.
Consumers Overwhelmed with Conflicting Medical Info
Is a cup of coffee or a glass of red wine good for you or not? News reports highlighting the latest medical study findings, often with contrasting results, are everywhere. Add in the information available on the Internet, and consumers can feel downright overwhelmed about what to believe. We'll talk about ways people can navigate through the maze of medical information and make the best decisions for their health.
Gas Prices Could Stay Steady Through End of the Year
The government reports gas prices helped push consumer prices up slightly last month, but a market analyst says they could stay steady through the rest of the year.
Fish Farm Planned in Waters Off Mission Beach
Plans are being developed to create a fish farm in the ocean, five miles off of Mission Beach.Hubbs-Sea World Research Institute scientist Don Kent will lay out the details and goals of the plan at a San Diego Surfrider Foundation meeting tonight.
House Sharing Becomes More Common With Down Economy
Faced with shrinking incomes and home values, more people are opening up their houses to strangers. Homeowners rent out bedrooms in order to keep making the mortgage payment as Marianne Russ reports.
Parents Upset Over SD Unified's Buget Details
Parents in the San Diego Unified School District are upset over a plan that requires principals to juggle two elementary schools at one time. Theyre also angry the district wants to cut school bus transportation to magnet schools. KPBS Reporter Ana Tintocalis has more.
<|endofexample|>
Estate Administration
When you lose a loved one, it can feel as if your world has flipped upside down. You are still grieving your loved one, and even though you know you should take action, you don't know where to start. Paperwork and mail starts coming in from all sides, and it is overwhelming. You do not have to go through this alone. As you lean on your family and friends for emotional support, lean on us for legal and administrative support. We can provide you guidance about how you should move forward in a way that minimizes or eliminates the often-nightmarish probate process, how to deal with red tape and complications with administrative issues, and how to save money on taxes and other estate costs.
<|endofexample|>
Don't let budget hinder summer parties
Tips on saving money on summer parties
The weather is warm, the sun is out -- and your bank account is almost empty.
But before you let your tight budget hinder your ability to throw a summer bash, consider ways to cut costs while still being able to host your friends and family for a get-together.
Budget BBQs
Having a barbeque or a cookout is a common reason to invite people over, whether it be to celebrate a holiday or just to spend time with family and friends. And by following some thrifty tips, a BBQ can be an affordable fiesta, too.
A good place to cut costs is on the meat. Celebrations.com suggest that you tell guests to bring their own meat. That way, they can decide how much they want to spend and you can focus on the side dishes without having the burden of spending on the main course.
If you don't feel comfortable telling guests to bring their own meat, Celebrations.com recommends shopping smart. The Web site suggests sticking with cheaper cuts of meat such as ground beef. It also recommends looking for what's on sale that week and making sure you're getting more for your money.
Another area to trim spending is on beverages. Instead of setting up a full bar and offering your guests a variety of mixed drinks, Celebrations.com suggests limiting your selection to beer and soda. You can also ask guests to bring their own beverages.
You can also save money on dishware. The site recommends that hosts purchase reusable dishes so that the items may be used again for future parties instead of being thrown away.
Perhaps the most expensive part of having a BBQ is the grilling equipment itself. Celebrations.com recommends buying equipment in the off-season when it is more likely to be on sale.
Sunny Celebrations
You don't need to have a BBQ to throw a summer party -- you can also invite people over for a pool party, for summer drinks or even just to spend some time outside.
Whatever your celebration may be, you can save by inviting fewer guests. Since a lot of people tend to go out of town over the weekends during the summer, it is acceptable to trim your guest lists.
If your party is intimate, Oprah.com suggests also cutting back on the food you serve. According to the Web site, hosts can get away with serving limited food options -- even maybe just offering one type of a unique appetizer -- to a small party.Oprah.com also recommends letting your guests help provide the entertainment by having each of them bring a CD that can be played throughout the party.
Graduation Gatherings
One of the most common summer parties is to celebrate a graduation. While some graduation parties may be large in number, there are still ways to cut costs, says Ginger Venable of GraduationParty.com.
One of the main ways to cut expenses is on food. To save money, Venable says the timing is everything.
"Really pay attention to what day you have the party," Venable said.
She recommends picking a day that several others are having parties. That way your guests can fill up at other celebrations. Venable said the best day to have the party is the Saturday after graduation and to hold your party from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m., after most people have eaten lunch and before they're hungry for dinner.
"You can put out a beautiful display, and no one will eat a thing," Venable said.
However, Venable said to make sure that even if you're cutting back on food to make sure you have enough to feed your guests, especially those who are only coming to your party, such as relatives or out-of-town guests.
For what to serve, Venable suggests asking the graduate what she wants. The day is supposed to be about the student. Plus, chances are they aren't going to request an expensive meal -- they'll most likely want pizza or a taco bar.
Another area to trim costs is on decorations. Venable suggests not buying anything personalized. Instead, she recommends buying generic banners and then adding the graduate's name with construction paper cutouts.
She also recommends going with a theme other than the year. Venable tells her clients to "dare to be different," which can result in unique parties with unexpected themes, and it can also save money by buying decorations and accessories that can be used over again.
Copyright 2011, Internet Broadcasting. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
Kruger Park offers the ultimate safari in Africa for any number of reasons. Whether you are looking for a family vacation, a honeymoon or a luxury getaway, this collection of safari packages suits every need and style:
Kruger Park offers the widest range of accommodation options, from opulent private game lodges in private concessions, to self-catering chalets and tented camps.
Browse our useful accommodation guide:
The African safari is the most sought-after travel experience on earth and no place epitomises the safari as the Kruger Park does. Read our Guides about:
Find out about getting to Kruger from Johannesburg, getting around the Park, which gates are closest to which rest camps, as well as a distances between rest camps.
Other Maps of Kruger Park
Frequently asked questions from our guests are about: the best time to visit, getting to and around the park, packing for a safari, gate closing times, conservation fees, Malaria precautions and our booking conditions.
Answers to all of these are contained in the following:
<|endofexample|>
Rosalinda Anzaldua, 26, a teller at a South Side bank, is accused of helping her boyfriend, John Olvera, 32, illegally withdraw money from a bank customer’s account.
Facebook provided San Antonio police investigators with their biggest clue, according to an arrest warrant affidavit.
Both Anzaldua and Olvera were arrested Monday on a forgery charge in connection with the crime which happened in June.
The affidavit stated that Olvera walked into the First Convenience Bank on S. Zarzamora on June 15 and went to the window where Anzaldua was working.
Police said surveillance pictures from the bank show the transaction, with Anzaldua waiting on Olvera and handing him $2,400.
The affidavit states that detectives discovered the account from which the money was withdrawn belonged to someone else.
Detectives conducted research using phone records and Facebook, and learned that Anzaldua and Olvera were involved in a romantic relationship, the affidavit stated.
It also stated that Anzaldua had been accessing several other customer bank accounts that same day.
For a list of recent stories Katrina Webber has done, click here.
<|endofexample|>
'Tie One on for Safety' campaign raises awareness of holiday drinking
Published On: Dec 04 2012 06:29:43 PM CST Updated On: Dec 04 2012 06:29:00 PM CST
Mothers Against Drunk Driving has joined with law enforcement and several local businesses as part of a community-wide emphasis on the dangers of holiday drinking.
<|endofexample|>
No. 85,265
IN THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE STATE OF KANSAS
STATE OF KANSAS,
Appellant,
v.
STEVEN EUGENE BOX,
Appellee.
SYLLABUS BY THE COURT
1. The general rule that warrantless searches and seizures are unreasonable has five exceptions: (1) consent; (2) hot pursuit; (3) incident to a lawful arrest; (4) stop and frisk; and (5) probable cause to search with exigent circumstances.
2. The cases of Chimel v. California, 395 U.S. 752, 23 L. Ed. 2d 685, 89 S. Ct. 2034, reh. denied 396 U.S. 869 (1969) and State v. Tygart, 215 Kan. 409, 524 P.2d 753 (1974), are construed and applied to the specific facts of this case.
Appeal from Johnson District Court; PETER V. RUDDICK, judge. Opinion filed December 22, 2000. Reversed and remanded with directions.
Steven J. Obermeier and Dionne Scherff, assistant district attorneys, Paul J. Morrison, district attorney, and Carla J. Stovall, attorney general, for appellant.
No appearance by appellee.
Before LEWIS, P.J., RULON, J., and GLENN D. SCHIFFNER, District Judge, assigned.
RULON, J.: The State filed an interlocutory appeal from the trial court's decision granting defendant Steven E. Box's motion to suppress evidence. We reverse and remand for further proceedings.
The facts are virtually undisputed and are as follows:
Defendant was charged with being a felon in possession of a firearm and a misdemeanor, obstruction of legal process. Defendant filed a motion to suppress the evidence alleging he did not consent to the search and the search was not justified as a search incident to arrest. The State responded by asserting the search was authorized by consent and under K.S.A. 22-2501, a search incident to defendant's arrest.
At the suppression hearing, Michael Bussell, an officer with the Lenexa Police Department, testified he stopped a Caprice driven by defendant because the car displayed a tag registered to a different vehicle. After Bussell explained the reason for the stop to defendant, defendant was unable to provide a driver's license or proof of insurance. When Bussell requested defendant's name and date of birth, defendant advised his name was Damon Williams. A record check revealed Damon Williams had been arrested for narcotics and was a gang affiliate. For safety reasons Bussell requested a backup officer.
A passenger in the front seat was identified as Walter Laura. A record check advised that Laura had prior narcotics and weapons convictions. Laura was paralyzed from the waist down.
Bussell noticed a wallet in the ashtray, which had not been there when he initially approached the car. Bussell had defendant exit and stand to the rear of the car. Bussell suspected that defendant was lying and wanted to search the vehicle to get the wallet and anything illegal. Bussell advised defendant (who Bussell still knew only as Damon Williams), that his driver's license was suspended and asked if there was anything illegal inside the car. When defendant responded negatively, Bussell requested consent to search the car, and defendant consented. Fred Farris, another officer with the Lenexa Police Department, arrived as Bussell asked for consent to search the car.
The female passenger in the back seat was told to exit the car. Laura was not told to exit the vehicle because he did not have his wheelchair. Bussell did not make Laura sit on the ground because it was cold and rainy outside. When Bussell noticed the car had controls for acceleration and braking on the steering column, he asked Laura who owned the car. Laura advised that his cousin who was incarcerated gave the car to Laura for his care and custody. Bussell asked Laura if he could search the car and Laura agreed. None of the three occupants in the car could provide registration for the stopped vehicle.
Bussell searched the contents of the billfold, which indicated the driver's correct identity was defendant. A record check indicated defendant had an outstanding warrant for his arrest. Farris informed Bussell that defendant showed Farris the scar from a prior gunshot wound. Defendant was arrested and handcuffed.
A record check on the female passenger disclosed that she had provided fictitious identification. After the officers discovered her correct identity, she was arrested and taken into custody on outstanding arrest warrants. Because of defendant's and Laura's criminal histories, Bussell continued his search of the vehicle in the immediate areas where defendant had been seated and where Laura still was seated.
When Bussell realized the glove compartment was locked, he asked for the key several times. Defendant stated he did not know about the key and Laura stated he had never been inside the glove compartment. A decorative bullet hanging from a key chain in the ignition heightened Bussell's suspicion that defendant or Laura could possess a gun. Although Bussell made a very cursory pat-down for bulges in Laura's pants, Bussell was concerned for officer safety and wanted to search the glove compartment for a weapon due to Laura's close proximity to it. Bussell also believed the vehicle's registration would be in the glove compartment.
Farris testified he asked Laura for the key to the glove compartment because defendant admitted that he had a prior gun injury, and had been involved in drug activity. The officers knew that Laura was paralyzed because of a gunshot injury. Based upon the officers' experience, drugs and weapons usually coincided. The officers believed it was inappropriate to have Laura sit on the grass in the cold and rain, but were uncomfortable leaving Laura in the car because Laura could readily access the glove compartment.
While Bussell held his arm over Laura's torso, Farris took a screwdriver from the floorboard and used it to pry the glove compartment open. Inside was a loaded 9 millimeter handgun. When Farris told defendant they found a gun in the glove compartment, defendant immediately admitted it was his gun. Farris advised defendant not to say anything else until they arrived at the police station where defendant would be given an opportunity to make a statement.
When one of the passengers advised the officers the car contained drugs, it was towed to the police station where it could be searched further out of the inclement weather. The key to the glove compartment was eventually found in a crease in the front seat.
Subsequently, the district court found the consent to search the vehicle did not extend to the locked glove compartment. The court further found the search was not a search incident to arrest because the officers were not searching for fruits or instrumentalities of the crime for which defendant was arrested. The trial court found officer safety did not justify the search because the defendant was outside of the car when placed under arrest, and there was little evidence to support concern for officer safety regarding Laura. The court ultimately found the search of the glove compartment was not authorized and suppressed the evidence.
The State dismissed the obstruction of legal process charge and filed this interlocutory appeal.
The State has the burden of proof to show that a search and seizure was lawful. If the facts are not in dispute, the question of whether to suppress is a question of law which is subject to unlimited appellate review. State v. Rexroat, 266 Kan. 50, 53, 966 P.2d 666 (1998).
The State claims the defendant's motion to suppress should not have been granted because the search was incident to defendant's arrest. However, the State does not appeal the trial court's finding regarding consent. Furthermore, the State acknowledges Kansas has not addressed whether an officer is permitted to open a locked glove compartment during a search incident to arrest.
The general rule that warrantless searches and seizures are unreasonable has five exceptions: (1) consent; (2) hot pursuit; (3) incident to a lawful arrest; (4) stop and frisk; and (5) probable cause to search with exigent circumstances. State v. Sanders, 5 Kan. App. 2d 189, 195, 614 P.2d 998 (1980).
K.S.A. 22-2501, the statutory authorization for a search incident to arrest,."
We begin our analysis with a review of Chimel v. California, 395 U.S. 752, 23 L. Ed. 2d 685, 89 S. Ct. 2034, reh. denied 396 U.S. 869 (1969). Law enforcement officers arrested Chimel at his residence with a warrant for a burglary, searched the entire house, and confiscated numerous items from rooms other than the room where Chimel had been arrested. The Chimel Court held that the scope of the search was unconstitutional because it went beyond Chimel's person and areas where a weapon could have been retrieved or where evidence could have been destroyed or concealed. 395 U.S. at 768.
The Chimel Court held the concept of search incident to arrest was justified based upon officer safety and the rule for a search incident to arrest should be governed by the rule of Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1, 20, L. Ed. 2d 889, 88 S. Ct. 1868 (1968), authorizing a frisk for weapons. 395 U.S. 762-63. The Chimel Court further concluded the scope of such searches "must be 'strictly tied to and justified by' the circumstances which rendered its initiation permissible." 395 U.S. at 762 (quoting Terry, 392 U.S. at 19). Under such a rule, no justification existed to routinely search rooms other than the room where an arrest occurred or through closed or concealed drawers or areas in that room, and a search incident to arrest is not justified where it is remote in time or place from the arrest. 395 U.S. at 764.
Following Chimel, our legislature enacted K.S.A. 22-2501. Additionally, our Supreme Court adopted six factors, based on existing federal and state case law, for a trial court to consider in deciding a motion to suppress evidence regarding the reasonableness of the scope of a vehicle search incident to a valid arrest. State v. Tygart, 215 Kan. 409, Syl. ¶ 2, 524 P.2d 753 (1974). The Tygart six factors are: (1) the closeness of the vehicle to the place of arrest, (2) the probability that seizable items related to the crime were inside the vehicle, (3) the amount of elapsed time between the arrest and the search, (4) the departure of the arrestee from the vehicle, (5) the vehicle was used in connection with the crime, and (6) the character of the place of the arrest, i.e., public area, business premises or private home. Other factors could bear upon the issue, and no single factor by itself was decisive. 215 Kan. at 412.
Following Chimel, the United States Supreme Court decided New York v. Belton, 453 U.S. 454, 69 L. Ed. 2d 768, 101 S. Ct. 2860, reh. denied 453 U.S. 950 (1981). In Belton, the officer stopped a vehicle for excessive speeding; Belton was one of four occupants in the vehicle. None of the occupants owned the vehicle. Because the officer smelled burnt marijuana and saw an envelope on the floor of the car marked "'Supergold,'" which the officer associated with marijuana, all occupants were arrested for possession of marijuana and ordered out of the car. The officer picked up the envelope, found it contained marijuana, and searched the passenger compartment of the car. The officer found Belton's jacket in the back seat, unzipped a pocket, and discovered cocaine. Belton was indicted for possession of cocaine.
Because articles inside the vehicle's passenger compartment are generally within the areas where an arrestee might reach to retrieve a weapon or evidence, the Belton Court held that an officer who has lawfully arrested an occupant of a vehicle may, as a contemporaneous incident of that arrest, search the passenger compartment of that vehicle and examine the contents of any open or closed containers found within the passenger compartment. 453 U.S. at 460-61. A "'container'" was defined to include closed or open glove compartments and consoles but not trunks. 453 U.S. at 460, n. 4. The justification for searching containers was "not that the arrestee has no privacy interest in the container, but that the lawful custodial arrest justified the infringement of any privacy interest the arrestee may have." 453 U.S. at 461. The Belton Court held that the search of Belton's jacket was an area within his immediate control and within the meaning of the Chimel decision; thus, the search was constitutional. 453 U.S. at 462.
Kansas courts have applied Belton in upholding the scope of a search incident to an arrest. State v. Deskins, 234 Kan. 529, 543, 673 P.2d 1174 (1983); State v. White, 230 Kan. 679, 680, 640 P.2d 1231 (1982); State v. Croft, 6 Kan. App. 2d 821, 823, 635 P.2d 972 (1981). The first case to discuss K.S.A. 22-2501, Chimel, and Belton, was State v. Press, 9 Kan. App. 2d 589, 592-95, 685 P.2d 887, rev. denied 236 Kan. 877 (1984).
In Press, defendant was arrested for driving under the influence, handcuffed, and placed in the front seat of the patrol car with the seat belt fastened before the officer searched the passenger compartment of the defendant's vehicle. After finding marijuana, the officer searched the trunk, finding more marijuana. The trial court found that the officer conducted a general search of the entire vehicle when there was no possibility defendant could have destroyed evidence while handcuffed in the patrol car. The State appealed the trial court's decision to suppress the evidence from the search.
The Press court noted some jurisdictions interpreted Belton broadly, that is, a court need only find that an article was within the passenger compartment; if so, it is deemed to have been within the arrestee's immediate control. The Press court further noted other jurisdictions have interpreted Belton narrowly, that is, each custodial arrest of the occupant of a vehicle must be evaluated to determine whether an article was within the arrestee's immediate control. Under the narrow interpretation, Belton did not apply to searches if the defendant was arrested, handcuffed, and seated in the back seat of an officer's car without a realistic possibility of access to the vehicle. 9 Kan. App. 2d at 594-95. The Press court held that Kansas adopted the broader interpretation of Belton. 9 Kan. App. 2d at 595-97.
Here, the State requests this court to adopt the bright line interpretations of Belton from other jurisdictions regarding a search of a locked glove compartment incident to an arrest. The State relies upon State v. Hanna, 173 Ariz. 30, 839 P.2d 450 (Ct. App. 1992), cert. denied 507 U.S. 997 (1993), and United States v. McCrady, 774 F.2d 868 (8th Cir. 1985). For us, the primary question is whether Kansas should extend Belton to apply to locked glove compartments.
Although the Tenth Circuit has not addressed the search of a locked glove compartment, it has discussed the extent of Belton. In United States v. Cotton, 751 F.2d 1146 (10th Cir. 1985), officers stopped a car driven by defendant because defendant and the car matched a description from a radio broadcast regarding a stolen vehicle. Defendant argued Chimel and Belton did not apply because he had been taken out of the car, arrested, and handcuffed before the other officer searched the passenger compartment of his vehicle and found a bag containing blank titles, VIN plates, and keys. After discussing Belton and the relaxation of the exclusionary rule for vehicles, the Cotton court held the challenged search was conducted incident to a lawful arrest and was reasonable under the totality of the circumstances even though the arrestee was outside the vehicle and handcuffed when the vehicle was searched. 751 F.2d 1147-50.
Later, the Tenth Circuit distinguished Cotton in U.S. v. Lugo, 978 F.2d 631 (10th Cir. 1992). In Lugo, after Lugo was arrested for traffic charges, handcuffed, and transported to jail, an officer inventoried the contents of the truck even though it was not going to be towed. The arresting officer reached inside a door panel that had been pulled away and found two bricks of cocaine. The Lugo court noted the rationale of Belton is that the inside of a vehicle is an area which an arrestee might reach to retrieve a weapon or evidence. Therefore, the court stated, it follows that the warrantless search incident to arrest is illegal if the search is remote in time or place from the arrest because no exigency exists. The Lugo court concluded the defendant was not a threat after being taken from the scene and the Belton rationale had evaporated. Belton was found inapplicable to the facts and the warrantless search was not justifiable. 978 F.2d 633-35. Clearly, the Tenth Circuit in Lugo rejected the analysis used by the Eighth Circuit in McCrady and limited the Belton bright line rule.
If the bright line rule of Belton has no limitations, as in McCrady, the six Tygart factors are no longer controlling. Yet, Kansas courts reverted to the Tygart factors after acknowledging that Kansas follows Belton. See State v. McClain, 258 Kan. 176, 183-84, 899 P.2d 993 (1995); State v. Van Wey, 18 Kan. App. 2d 260, 261-62, 850 P.2d 283 (1983).
The trial court here found it was more reasonable for the officers to remove Laura from the vehicle. Both officers testified they did not want to subject Laura to sitting on the grass in the cold and rain. Yet, they feared leaving Laura in the vehicle within close proximity of the locked glove compartment where a weapon could be concealed. So, the officers chose to search the glove compartment with Laura in the front seat. Another alternative would have been to call for another officer. However, these officers indicated they were on the street because the bad weather had patrol vehicles working traffic accidents. The last alternative was to allow Laura to remain in the car without searching the glove compartment. "Certainly it would be unreasonable to require that police officers take unnecessary risks in the performance of their duties." Terry, 392 U.S. at 23.
We conclude under Chimel, Tygart, and K.S.A. 22-2501, the officer's safety after the arrest of defendant and the female passenger outweighed defendant's privacy interest in the locked glove compartment, because Laura was not under arrest or handcuffed and remained in the car and in close proximity to the locked glove compartment. Under such circumstances, exigent circumstances existed for the warrantless search. Under Chimel, the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution requires the government to show that the exigencies of the circumstances made a warrantless search imperative. Considering the totality of the unique circumstances, we conclude the officers articulated a reasonable basis for concern about their safety after the arrest of defendant and the female passenger, and officer safety is an authorized purpose for a search incident to an arrest under K.S.A. 22-2501(a).
Our holding here is specifically based upon Chimel and Tygart and the unique facts of this case and not based on the bright line rule of Belton and Press.
We reverse and remand for further proceedings.
END
<|endofexample|>
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - An attorney representing a Sioux Falls woman with loose family ties to death row inmate Donald Moeller says he'll be asking a federal appeals court to halt Moeller's upcoming execution.
Donna Nichols' attorney, Robert Van Norman, said a motion to stay the execution was being filed with the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday..)
<|endofexample|>
Kevin Rawlings, the board president of the Northland Regional Ambulance District, spoke with NBC Action News investigative reporter Ryan Kath shortly after he was charged with misuse of official information in February.
Copyright 2012 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Posted: 09/05/2012
PLATTE CITY, Mo. - A former Northland politician charged with corruption is expected to enter a guilty plea at his next court appearance in October.
Kevin Rawlings faces criminal charges for misusing public information when he was board president of the Northland Regional Ambulance District (NRAD).
After several hearings were rescheduled, the latest docket entry for Rawlings’ criminal case in Case.net shows a plea is expected at an October court date.
Platte County Prosecutor Eric Zahnd alleged Rawlings profited nearly $145,000 after he sold a piece a land to taxpayers to build a new ambulance station.
According to court documents, Rawlings bought the land near the Camden Point exit of Interstate 29, knowing NRAD intended to build a station in that area.
Rawlings sold 1.5 acres to NRAD for $175,000. The ambulance district did not order an appraisal prior to making the deal. However, an appraisal ordered by law enforcement authorities estimated the land’s value at $30,000.
A 41 Action News investigation first questioned the land deal back in 2011.
41 Action News also interviewed Rawlings at his home in Dearborn on the day he was criminally charged in February.
Rawlings' attorney, Kathleen Fisher, declined to comment until after her client’s court date on October 16.
Zahnd also said he could not discuss the case.
Following a guilty plea, a judge would decide Rawlings’ punishment at a sentencing hearing. During NRAD public meetings, taxpayers have demanded the money be paid back.
Ryan Kath can be reached at ryan.kath@kshb.com. You can follow him on Twitter or connect with him on Facebook..
<|endofexample|>
"We will veto any tax increases period," said Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal when asked about a cigarette tax increase back in June of 2011.
Now his office says he is considering it a cigarette tax increase, but they also say the idea behind the increase is different this time around.
An e-mail from one of his aides said, "we've always said that we would be fine if it was done in a revenue neutral way, and we are willing to consider this and other changes as part of a larger effort to eliminate the income tax in a revenue neutral way."
That means Jindal would support tax hikes that do not increase the amount of money the state collects. Instead, it would shift it. Smokers would pay more for a pack of cigarettes, but Louisiana residents would pay less in taxes somewhere else- like the state income tax.
In 2011 the proposed tax was meant to increase revenue to help pay for healthcare services.
Smokers would pay more for a pack of cigarettes, but Louisiana residents would pay less in taxes somewhere else- like the state income tax.
No official proposals have been made at this time. The Louisiana Legislators 2013 Session starts in April.
<|endofexample|>
A mom from York County, Pennsylvania was arrested Monday evening for jumping into a Hurricane Sandy-swelled creek because she wanted to "save the wild ducks." Justina Laniewski's 4-year-old daughter tried to enter the water after her, though a neighbor snatched the child out of harm's way.
Instead of saving ducks, WGAL-TV reports Laniewski was fished out of the neck-deep water herself, then reportedly blew twice the legal alcohol limit during a field sobriety test. She was charged with reckless endangerment, disorderly conduct and public drunkenness.
Provided by ABC News Radio © 2012
Image: morgueFile
<|endofexample|>
Information contained on this page is provided by companies via press release distributed through PR Newswire, an independent third-party content provider. PR Newswire, WorldNow and this Station make no warranties or representations in connection therewith.
SOURCE American Registry
Dr. Douglass S. Hale, an Indianapolis, IN physician who is Board Certified in Obstetrics & Gynecology, has been selected by Castle Connolly Medical Ltd. for inclusion in its prestigious guide of the nation's top 1% of medical specialists, America's Top Doctors.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 14, 2013 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Castle Connolly Medical Ltd. America's trusted source for identifying Top Doctors has published its newest edition of America's Top Doctors and has selected Dr. Douglass S. Hale Dr. Douglass S. Hale who are considered to be among the top 1% in their specialties are selected for inclusion in America's Top Doctors.
About Dr. Douglass S. Hale: a short profile by and about the honoree:
Urogynecology Associates is dedicated to improving the lives of women with pelvic floor disorders, including pelvic organ prolapse and urinary and bowel incontinence. Our goal is to provide the highest standards of practice in the prevention and treatment of these disorders in a safe, effective, ethical and compassionate manner.
For more information on this Castle Connolly Top Doctor®, please visit Dr. Douglass S. Hale's profile on.
Castle Connolly Medical Ltd.'s President and CEO Dr. John Connolly commented on Dr. Hale. Hale."
To find out more or to contact Dr. Douglass S. Hale of Indianapolis, IN, please call 317-962-6600, or visit.
This press release was written by American Registry, LLC and Castle Connolly Medical Ltd., with approval by and/or contributions from Dr. Douglass S. H. Douglass S. Hale
Phone: 317-962-6600
Website:
<|endofexample|>
Local coupon site pulls concealed carry permit deal
CHANDLER, Ariz. -- Just days after a promotion was launched involving Deal Chicken and Desert Valley Firearms, the online coupon site has pulled the plug.
Desert Valley Firearms offered a $39 handgun safety training course that was big step toward getting a concealed handgun permit through the Arizona Department of Public Safety. Owner Dale Roddy said he received calls and emails from Deal Chicken on Tuesday informing him the deal was off.
"They told me basically the culture is changing."
Living Social cancelled the same deal on Dec. 14, the day of the Connecticut school shooting.
Roddy believes that simply means Deal Chicken and Living Social feared backlash after the Sandy Hook school shooting and the increasing talk of tighter gun control, including a possible ban on assault weapons and extended ammunition clips.
"I'm just trying to teach people responsible use of handguns," he said. "That's what we're preaching, nothing more. How to follow the laws. Learn what works and doesn't work."
Roddy said firearms dealers have been unfairly attacked since the school shootings and some callers opposed to guns have been filled with venom.
"One lady calling from Connecticut called me a merchant of death," he said. "Anybody who knows me knows that I am not. It takes a toll emotionally and I understand what the families in Connecticut feel like. I lost two family members to gunfire. The reality is that the anti-gun movement puts a panic into the public and they want more guns, bullets, everything. It achieves the opposite of what they're trying to do."
Roddy said he will take a loss, but he will keep offering the $39 course which usually carries a price tag of $100 without Deal Chicken and Living Social "until the end of time if it helps train people how to be safe with handguns."
<|endofexample|>
Rep. Paul Ryan, known for his sweeping budget proposals and passion for economics, was born on Jan. 29, 1970, to Paul Ryan Sr. and Betty Ryan. The vice presidential candidate and running mate to Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney described Janesville -- the Wisconsin town where he grew up and where he, his wife and their children now live -- in his speech at the 2012 Republican National Convention.
Ryan lost his father early: At age 16, he discovered Paul Sr. dead of a heart attack. He went on to earn a bachelor’s degree in economics and political science from Miami University in Ohio, in 1992. Ryan married Janna Little in 2000, and they have three children: a daughter, Liza, and two sons, Charlie and Sam.
After college, Ryan went to work on (and near) Capitol Hill, and during that era of his life, Jack Kemp became a mentor. When Ryan returned to Wisconsin, he briefly worked for his relatives’ construction business and then ran for office. He was first elected to his seat in Congress in 1998, at age 28.
As an up-and-coming influence among the House GOP, Ryan penned a 2010 book – “Young Guns: A New Generation of Conservative Leaders” – with fellow Republican Congressmen Eric Cantor and Kevin McCarthy. In 2011, Ryan delivered the Republicans’ official response to President Barack Obama's State of the Union address.
Now chairman of the House Budget Committee, his budget proposals have become his calling card on the national stage. He’s called for a focus on national debt, an overhaul of entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, and major changes to the tax code, among other things.
Romney announced Ryan as his running mate in August 2012.
Sources: paulryan.house.gov,,
<|endofexample|>
Bowyer combines humor, serious racing in sports car debut
Sports car rookie holds his own against experienced drivers
You could call Clint Bowyer the clown price of the Rolex 24 -- but for one thing.
Yes, Bowyer had the media center in stitches after his first stint in the AF Waltrip Ferrari 458. On the track, however, in his first sports car competition, Bowyer showed some serious speed, as he and teammates Rob Kauffman, Michael Waltrip and Rui Aguas finished eighth in the GT classification and 16th overall in GRAND-AM's most prestigious race.
Bowyer may downplay his own contribution, but don't kid yourself. He won the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series event last June at Sonoma Raceway with a near-perfect drive. On Saturday and Sunday at Daytona International Speedway, Bowyer held his own against some of the world's most talented and experienced sports car drivers.
But that didn't mean he couldn't lighten the mood of reporters facing a long night of race coverage.
Bowyer paid a visit to the media center after his first stint on the track. That was at 7:30 p.m. on Saturday, four hours into the race.
"What time is it anyway--7:30?" Bowyer asked. "We're almost to halfway, right? Who came up with the idea of a 24-hour race anyway?"
Herb Branham, NASCAR's managing director of communications for GRAND-AM Road Racing, informed Bowyer that the vision for the Rolex 24 came from NASCAR founder Bill France Sr.
"That's pretty cool then!" Bowyer replied.
If NASCAR had a statistical category for "saves," Bowyer would be the early-season leader.
Bowyer also had issues trying to understand the Italian engineers on his team radio. The AF Waltrip team is a collaboration between Michael Waltrip Racing and an AF Corse organization, based in Italy, that has raced to considerable international acclaim..
<|endofexample|>
Extent and content of the programme
Master of Science in Engineering and of Education (CL), Study programme for batch Autumn 09
Last edit: 26/02/2013
Approved: 26/02/2013
The program Master of Science in Engineering and of Education (CL) is established at KTH and is given in cooperation with the Stockholm University (Teacher Training). The programme gives the student two degrees on the second level, a Master of Science in Engineering from KTH with one of the subject-combinations mathematics/physics, mathematics/computer science and mathematics/chemistry, and a teaching degree from SU with the corresponding specialisations.
The programme consists of 300 higher education credits and is normally divided into 5 years/10 terms.
The programme has three subject-combinations; mathematics/physics, mathematics/computer science and mathematics/chemistry, where the first year of the programme is common to all combinations. Choice of subject-combination is done at the time of application to the programme.
The programme is given mainly in Swedish, but courses in English can occur during the programme. Usage of English course literature may occur during the entire programme.
The programme combines pedagogy, communication and teaching with the Master of Science in Engineering’s ability to assimilate new knowledge and solve problems. This prepares the student for the work market in school as well as in knowledge companies and industry. The programme gives competencies to work as a teacher, especially within high schools and adult education institutions. Also, the Master of Science in Engineering’s work area and carrier path stands open.
The programme consists of the following parts:
Around 180 higher education credits mathematics and physics, computer science or chemistry including subject didactics corresponding to 30 higher education credits within the respective subject-combination.
45 higher education credits in the general education area (pedagogy, didactics, special-pedagogy, child- and youth-science)
Around 35 higher education credits in interdisciplinary courses in relation to technology, communication and learning.
A smaller allocation of about 10 higher education credits for further subject specialisation or studies within the complementing areas, for example, project management
An interdisciplinary degree project within the area technology and learning, about 30 higher education credits.
<|endofexample|>
By: Dan MeadeProvided by WorldNow
General Motors has unveiled the production version of the Chevrolet Volt, giving the world its first look at the highly anticipated plug-in hybrid.
Rick Wagoner, the chairman and CEO of GM, spoke of the unveiling of the Volt as a landmark in the history of GM, which is currently celebrating its hundredth."
Designing the Look and Feel of the Volt
The Volt, which promises to carry an electric charge for 40 miles before switching to its gasoline/E85-powered engine, provided unique design challenges to GM. To lengthen the effectiveness of the battery's charge, the aerodynamics of the Volt played a large role in its overall design and appearance.
GM's design teams spent hundreds of hours testing the Volt in wind tunnels to minimize the amount of power that would be needed to fight off wind resistance. The Volt's rounded and flush front fascia, tapered corners and grille were designed to enable air to move easily around the car. The sharp rear edges and carefully designed spoiler allow air to flow off the car quickly, and an aggressive rake on the windshield and back glass help reduce turbulence and drag.
GM has not spent all of its time designing the exterior of the Volt. Built to comfortably seat four, some of the technological features that can be found inside the Volt are:
How the Volt is Powered
The Chevrolet Volt is powered by more than 220 lithium-ion cells inside of its 16-kWh lithium-ion electric battery. Once the battery's initial charge is depleted after 40 miles, the gasoline/E85 engine kicks in and recharges the battery, allowing the Volt to travel for several hundred miles before it needs to be plugged in again to be recharged.
If you are wondering why the Volt has been engineered to carry an electric charge that will last for 40 miles, the answer is rather simple. Based on GM's research, the average commute between home and work for most Americans is 40 miles. Therefore, with the exception of the occasional longer drive, most Volt owners would only rarely use the gasoline/E85 engine of the car, making trips to the gas station few and far between.
The Chevrolet Volt can be plugged into a standard household 120 volt outlet or use a 240 volt outlet to be charged. The battery can be charged in about eight hours at 120 volts or in less than three hours at 240 volts, meaning that if you were to return home from work with an "empty" battery and plugged the Volt in overnight, it would be fully charged by morning.
By GM's estimates, a full charge of 40 miles will cost about 80 cents per day (at a rate of10 cents per kWh) - meaning that a day's worth of driving a Volt will be less expensive than a cup of coffee. Spread out over the course of a year, charging the Volt daily will consume less electricity than the average home's refrigerator and freezer units.
The Volt will deliver the equivalent of 150 horsepower, 273 lb-ft. (370 Nm) of instant torque, and a top speed of 100 miles per hour. Because it is powered by electricity and not by a traditional gasoline engine, combined with the use of special sound-deadening materials, the Volt will be an extremely quiet vehicle to drive.
Production of the Volt is scheduled to begin late 2010 at GM's Detroit-Hamtramck manufacturing facility. Pricing has not yet been announced.
<|endofexample|>
Criminal past surrounds 18-year-old killed in pawnshop
A criminal past surrounds the 18-year-old shot and killed by a Las Vegas pawnshop employee. Video by ktnv.comvideo
One man was killed in a shooting at a pawn shop in northwest Las Vegas on Wednesday morning. Video by ktnv.comvideo
One person was killed during a shooting in an attempted robbery at a pawn shop in Las Vegas on Wednesday. Video by ktnv.comvideo
Followup to pawn shop shootout in Centennial Hills Video by ktnv.comvideo
Las Vegas, NV (KTNV) - A criminal past surrounds the 18-year-old shot and killed by a Las Vegas pawnshop employee.
Police believe Jhalon Glass had plans to rob the northwest valley store at gunpoint, and this wasn't his first run in with the law.
Documents show Glass was arrested on grand larceny and burglary charges in July.
An arrest report for that incident alleges Glass stole an employee's personal cell phone at a sales kiosk inside the Fashion Show Mall. It also alleges that he shoplifted from the Hollister store.
In the report, the teen explains that he did not have any money and he wanted to get money to buy food.
The Clark County District Attorney's Office says he was also due in court on January 9th, 2012, for pending charges of receiving stolen property and possession of marijuana. Those charges stem from a November arrest in North Las Vegas.
According to the DA's office, Glass had a juvenile record as well.
There's nothing on his record that trumps the crime police say he attempted to carry out Wednesday.
Investigators allege Glass had a gun as he walked into the Cash America SuperPawn Store, near Durango and Elkhorn.
He was met with a store clerk who wasn't taking any chances, reportedly pulling out a gun and firing. Police say the clerk and Glass exchanged gunfire, but the clerk was not hit.
At least two other customers were also in the store although they were not harmed.
Neighbors on Timothy Court in North Las Vegas recall Glass and his family moving out of their rental home a couple of weeks ago.
While they haven't seen Glass in weeks, numerous neighbors say Glass has left his mark on their cul-de-sac. Those neighbors point to the many skid marks from donuts they remember Glass doing in his car.
"It just caused smoke, and it was kind of obnoxious. I tried to talk to him about it once, and it was a little bit of a confrontation," said neighbor Luke Langley.
Luke Langley viewed Glass as a nuisance at times, but he didn't look at the 18-year-old as a dangerous criminal.
He says Glass's mother tried to watch after her son and even apologized for what he was doing in his car.
"She said he might have had a bit too much to drink," added Langley. "[She said] he does that from time to time."
Across town, in a gated community near Flamingo and Durango, neighbors say Glass often spent time at his grandmother's.
"I never saw any problem while he was here, other than someone being 18," said neighbor Anthony Liso. "Whenever I saw him, it was hello, how are you? Great family, and it's terrible."
Family members inside a home in that gated community did not want to comment.
"I've been in Vegas since 1973. Nothing surprises me about Las Vegas anymore. With the unemployment and the housing I think people are on edge, ready to blow up."
Liso said the teen always appeared to be surrounded by a supportive family.
Investigators continue to investigate the shooting that ended in Glass' death.
The Clark County Coroner's Office says Glass died from gunshot wounds to his head and chest. Police say they do not anticipate recommending charges against the Clerk who killed the 18-year-old.
This site uses Facebook comments to make it easier for you to contribute. If you see a comment you would like to flag for spam or abuse, click the "x" in the upper right of it. By posting, you agree to our Terms of Use.
<|endofexample|>
SAN FRANCISCO (KTSF by Lynne Ku)
In the past month, there has been ten pedestrian-involved accidents in San Francisco’s Richmond District, according to Keith Sanford, Captain of Richmond Station of SFPD. The latest incident happened just last week when an elderly person was hit by a car crossing the street in the early morning. Police and The Richmond District Police Advisory Board announced today a pedestrian safety campaign to raise awareness in the community regarding the rules of the road.
David Lee, the chairman of The Richmond District Police Advisory Board, says: ” Cars are going too fast. People need to slow down. Pedestrian need to be smart when they are crossing the street. They need to watch both ways. They can’t assume anything.”
According to the traffic law, the fine for a pedestrian crossing the street at a red light is $108.00. A pedestrian must return to the curb or stand on the median when a light is yellow or the red hand is flashing. For the motorist, the fine for not waiting for a pedestrian who is in a crosswalk is $146.00.
More information (according to The Richmond District Police Advisory Board):
- Rule #1: Assume Nothing. You never know what a person driving, cycling or walking near you is going to do.
- For Motorists: Pedestrians Go First
- For Pedestrian: Wait for Green Light
- For Cyclists: Cycles Are Vehicles
(Copyright 2011 KTSF. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
<|endofexample|>
Valentine's Day is traditionally a day in which people express their love to one another by presenting gifts, such as cards, candy, flowers and other symbols of love. The spirit of love continues today with even young children exchanging valentine's cards with their fellow classmates.
Ever wonder how much candy Americans consume in a year or how much revenue dating services pull in each year? Here's a look at some fun facts, as reported by the U.S. Census Bureau and the United States Department of Agriculture:
Candy
1,317Number of U.S. manufacturing establishments that produced chocolate and cocoa products in 2008, employing 38,369 people. California led the nation in the number of chocolate and cocoa manufacturing establishments, with 146, followed by Pennsylvania, with 115.
422Number of U.S. establishments that manufactured non-chocolate confectionary products in 2008. These establishments employed 16,860 people. California led the nation in this category, with
$12.2 billionTotal value of shipments in 2008 for firms producing chocolate and cocoa products. Non-chocolate confectionery product manufacturing, meanwhile, was a $7.1 billion industry.
24.3 poundsPer capita consumption of candy by Americans in 2009.
Flowers
$359 millionThe combined wholesale value of domestically produced cut flowers in 2009 for all flower-producing operations with $100,000 or more in sales. Among states, California was the leading producer, alone accounting for about three-quarters of this amount ($269 million).
$18 millionThe combined wholesale value of domestically produced cut roses in 2009 for all operations with $100,000 or more in sales.
18,509The number of florists nationwide in 2008. These businesses employed 89,741 people.
"Please Be Mine"
2.1 millionThe number of marriages that took place in the United States in 2009. That breaks down to nearly 5,800 a day.
108,150The number of marriages performed in Nevada during 2009. So many couples tie the knot in the Silver State that it ranked fifth nationally in marriages, even though its total population that year among states was 35th. (California ranked first in marriages.)
28.2 and 26.1 years Median age at first marriage in 2010 for men and women, respectively.
54.1%The overall percentage of adults who reported being married.69%Percentage of people 15 years and older in 2010.
Looking for Love
393The number of dating service establishments nationwide as of 2007. These establishments, which include Internet dating services, employed 3,125 people and pulled in $927 million in revenue.
P.O. Box 8 Tulsa, OK 74101-0008
All content © Copyright 2000 - 2013 Worldnow and KTUL. All Rights Reserved.For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
<|endofexample|>
By the editors of The Daily Dog From The Dog Daily
Q: I've seen owners dancing with their dogs, doing some really cool moves. I'm not interested in competitions for this, but I would still like to train my dog to dance with me. Any tips?
A: Dog dancing, also known as musical canine freestyle, mixes dog obedience and tricks with creativity, costumes and more. You and your dog can, of course, skip the visual flash associated with competitions and just focus on the basics.
According to Kyra Sundance, author of Do More With Your Dog, every breed of dog can excel at dancing. However, some of the top dogs have been border collies, golden retrievers, poodles and various mixed breeds, she says.
To begin, Sundance advises that you select a short musical piece of about one to two minutes that reflects your dog's energy and pace. High-energy pups would do better with a very up-tempo song, while a lower-energy dog would do better with slower music. "Choreograph a routine and break it into pieces of two or three moves," she suggests. "Train these pieces as a sequence." your dog learns to greet guests in this manner, with paws on one arm, the individual will feel welcomed -- not threatened.
For the dance move, it's best to start on your knees at dog level. Raise one arm and lure your dog's head upward with a treat held by the opposite hand. Your dog might put its paws on your arm by itself, or you may have to do some gentle coaxing with your hands. Once your dog is in the desired position, provide a food treat. Repeat this a few times while using the verbal cue "Paws up." When your dog gets the knack of this, stand up and repeat the exercise just as before. Voila! Your dog is in dance partner position.
P.O. Box 8 Tulsa, OK 74101-0008
All content © Copyright 2000 - 2013 Worldnow and KTUL. All Rights Reserved.For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
<|endofexample|>
Video - Politics
Buckner-Webb honored as Idaho Mother of the Year
Posted on March 6, 2013 at 7:09 PM
Updated Wednesday, Mar 6 at 7:22 PM
More Politics Videos
Boise to consider ordinances to curb panhandling
POLL City council will pick new public art for downtown
Eagle tries to pass bond election for 5th time
Early May voting off to slow start in Ada County
GBAD candidates in their own words
Treasure Valley school districts seek voter approval for levies
Gov. Otter urging gun companies to come to Idaho
Gov. Otter pardons 2 men convicted of drug offenses
On Cinco de Mayo, Idahoans eye immigration reform
Governor's trade mission to Asia called a 'success'
Labrador ready for battle over immigration reform
Idaho's pot push meets Colorado criticism
Fired McCall police chief files suit against the city and its leaders
Idaho marijuana activists rally after authorities take their children
U.S. troops in Syria? Risch says it would be a hard sell
Medical marijuana activists' children taken from home, charges possible
Crapo, Risch fight to keep air traffic controllers in Idaho towers
Immigration reform bill called a 'good start'
<|endofexample|>
The. (AP)
KTVN-TVPhone: (775) 858-2222Fax: (775) 861-4298
Mailing Address:4925 Energy WayReno, NV 89502
<|endofexample|>
If the Los Angeles Clippers want home court advantage in the playoffs, things will need to change in a hurry. Los Angeles has lost four of its last seven games heading into Wednesday's matchup against the visiting Philadelphia 76ers, who appear determined to end the season on a strong note. The Clippers dropped into fifth place in the Western Conference after losing 116-101 at Sacramento on Tuesday.Of course, Philadelphia would love to have the Clippers' problems. Instead, the team is left answering questions about center Andrew Bynum, who decided earlier this week to have season-ending surgery on both of his ailing knees. Bynum's announcement means the talented center will go the entire season without playing a single game for the Sixers, who acquired him during the offseason as part of a blockbuster four-team trade.TV: 10:30 p.m. ET, Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia, Prime Ticket (Los Angeles)ABOUT THE 76ERS (26-40): Philadelphia has won three of its last four games, including a 101-100 victory over Portland on Monday, hours after Bynum's announcement. Bynum will be an unrestricted free agent at the end of the season, so the Sixers need to decide if they want to offer the 25-year-old injury risk a new contract after paying him $16.9 million this season. Philadelphia closes out the season with 12 of its final 16 games on the road, where the Sixers have lost 13 in a row since Jan. 1.ABOUT THE CLIPPERS (46-22): Los Angeles has won four of its last six games against the Sixers, and the Clippers cruised to a 107-90 win on Feb. 11. Point guard Chris Paul had 21 points and 11 assists in the first matchup, but he's coming off a dismal game against Sacramento. Paul missed eight of his 10 shots and had 11 points in 44 minutes against the Kings, who made 14 shots from beyond the arc. The Clippers have allowed at least 100 points in four of their last seven games. "Our defense has slipped a lot and that's why we've been losing games," Paul said.BUZZER BEATERS1. Clippers G Chauncey Billups left Tuesday's game against the Kings with an apparent groin injury, and it's unclear if he'll be available against the Sixers.2. Philadelphia has lost 22 of its last 25 road games and is 6-23 away from home.3. Los Angeles is 10-2 at home against opponents from the Eastern Conference.PREDICTION: Clippers 106, 76ers 95
Preview: 76ers at Clippers
POSTED: 1:55 AM Mar 20 2013 UPDATED: 1:55 AM Mar.
<|endofexample|>
Kumarakom a scenic villagelocated at the bank of Vembanad Lake is one of the mostfavored holidaying destinations in Kerala. It is highly acclaimed for itsscenic natural beauty, enchanting backwater destination, lush green paddyfields, water bird sanctuary etc that adds to the beauty of its surrounding.Among the entire attractions, backwater and the water bird sanctuary are themajor attraction of Kumarakom tourpackages. The scenic village is visited all the year round by one and allespecially by the nature lovers, families and honeymoon couples. Beside theseKumarakom is also famous for its elegant resorts and hotels that offer worldclass accommodation facilities and experience the authentic Kumarakomlifestyle. Stay in the exotic resorts and hotelsin Kumarakomand enjoy the commanding view and scenic beauty of nature. Trulythe architectural elegance of the Kumarakomresorts and hotels and their perfect setting amidst the beauty of natureoffers a wonderful holidaying experience.
Highlight of Kumarakom Tour Packages
Major Tour Packages
How to Reach Kumarakom?
Kumarakombeauty is unparallel and can hardly be described with world. This is the reasonwhy scores of tourists from all the nook and corner of the world visit toKumarakom to enjoy holidays amidst the beauty of nature or for a memorablebackwater cruise. This village is well connected by Air, Road and Railwaysystem that have made easy accessibility of Kumarakom in Kerala.
By Air
Cochin International Airport is the nearestairport to Kumarakom located just 70 km away.
By Rail
Kottayamrailway station in nearest to Kumarakom and is well linked to all the railwaysstation of cities and states of India.
By Road
<|endofexample|>
The Kunigal Stud Farm bred Cassandra proved too good for the opposition in the Gr 3 Golconda Juvenile
Million, the highlight of Sunday’s (Feb 10) Hyderabad races. The Tejano-Cup of Gold three-year old filly
Cassandra who had impressed when finishing second best to Palazzio’s Sun at Bangalore, left the field
standing inside the final furlong to win pulling up from Reconnect who had won a richly endowed three-year old race last month.
Reconnect who had two wins to back his claims and the last one over the highly rated Vijayrath, was the
obvious favourite to win the race but Cassandra was supported by those who had noticed the potential of
the daughter of Tejano at Bangalore where she found the six furlong sharp when finishing second to
Palazzio’s Sun. The fact that Rimpuche who had finished third on that occasion, subsequently recorded
a smashing win at Bangalore in maidens’ company, surely enhanced the value of Cassandra’s performance.
Costa Mesa settled down to lead the field as the starter dispatched the contestants for the seven
furlong trip, followed by Common Knowledge, Reconnect, Cassandra, Lady Patricia, Stroke of Luck and Vijay Samrat who raced at the wrong end from start to finish, not improving at any stage of the race. Stroke of Luck who was sluggish at the gates quickly improved to run third but failed to sustain and dropped out of contention by the time the runners approached the final bend.
Common Knowledge led the field into the straight with Chris Hayes on Cassandra quickly pushing his mount to get the rails run while Reconnect was picking up speed on the outside of these two horses. The three were in a line till Cassandra went ahead inside the final 200 metres and kept increasing the lead, allowing the jockey the luxury of celebrating the victory throwing his fist in the air 50 metres before the winning post. Reconnect failed to live up to the expectations of his last run and petered out to be a tame second while Common Knowledge ran on to finish third. The other runners in the fray were simply left behind, unable to match strides with the three horses that pulled away on turning for home. The winner clocked a smart time of one minute 25.73 seconds. The victory of Cassandra was a big celebratory moment for young trainer Suleiman Attaollahi who was leading in his first graded race winner. Irish professional Chris Hayes, who has created a fine impression as a jockey of immense potential, had also reason to be elated by this success as he had narrowly failed to win the Indian Derby on Noble Prince.
Tejano has not been given many coverings in recent times after the induction of Burden of Proof and Brave Act as stallions at the Kunigal Stud Farm. However, Tejano has done reasonably well within the limited opportunities that he has been getting of late. His progeny seems to have taken a special liking for the Hyderabad Race Track, with Astrologica in the past winning the Gr 1 Golconda Derby and Adolfito claiming the Gr 1 President of India Gold Cup. Another Tejano progeny Auxiliary has had a bagful of victories to her credit including the beating of Onnu Onnu Onnu recently. The last named has won over 32 races at Hyderabad and is one of the best sprinters seen atthis centre for a long time along with Coral Gables.
<|endofexample|>
October 1,
Aland Mizell with the University of Texas at Dallas school of social science, President of the MCI
The Rise of a New Ottoman Empire: The Trap of Interfaith Dialogue
Kurdishaspect.com - By Aland Mizell
Will Prime Minister Erdogan Give a Christmas Party with His Parliament?
After the collapse of the communism, Fethullah Gülen, the spiritual leader of the Nur movement in Turkey, ordered his group to immigrate to the newly independent Central Asian countries. Gülen compared his followers to being today’s “sahaba,” the term referring to the journey from Mecca to Medina called the Hegira in the year 622, a journey that also marked the foundation of the Islamic State. After that relocation, Muhammad set up an Islamic State and instated his rules, for example forbidding usury and gambling. He implemented his own legal rules and system of government after gaining economic and military power and then conquered his birth place, Mecca, the center of a new religion. Until then Muhammad ordered his follower to cooperate with the Jews, never confronting them because he knew that the Jews were more powerful than his followers at that time. During that time Muslims even faced Jerusalem for prayers; however, after Muhammad’s followers conquered Mecca, they began facing Mecca. For both Muhammad and Gülen building a new Muslim community was a precursor to the Islamic state, and both men merged their religious views with the political goal of following the law of the Qur’an and not “natural” or human law in the Islamic state.
In 1991, the collapse of the Soviet Union gave Gülen an opportunity to gain a base among the Turkic states that desperately needed social, economic, and religious help. Also, Gülen wanted to counter Iran’s Shia religion in Central Asia, to make an economic investment, and to build a bridge between the Turkic states and Turkey.
However, after 9/11 Gülen saw another opportunity to expand his empire beyond the ocean to convert the infidels to Islam and to set up his dream Ottoman Empire, bringing it back again. Tauted for his claim to establish ecumentical peace, he sponsors Interfaith Dialogue, non-government organizations (NGO’s), schools, cultural centers, conferences, his own newspaper, civic and cultural events, among many other strategies, using them as a platform that promotes his ultraconservative Islmaic agenda in the U.S. However, 9/11 helped Gülen in a tremendous way to teach about Islam because suddenly the words “peace” and “tolerance” were in vogue and popular. Many Americans naively do not recognize the fact that as well as being a religion, Islam is a political, social, and economic sytem that rules all aspects of life. Today Gülen believes that since the Ottoman Empire ruled the world for many centuries with peace, he wants to bring it back again. By creating big lobbies, Gülen moves toward his utimate goal of dictating American and Western social, political, and economic policies. He has recruited thousands of teachers and millions of students while raising billions of dollars in economic support.
Further, Gülen and his followers know how to manipulate the American democratic laws for their advantage. He believes that the best way to defeat the enemy is to use the enemy’s wepaon against the enemy. Today the enemy’s weapon is democratic rule of law. They are taking advantage of it using it against America and foresee a time when, like many Muslims in Europe, they can demand Islamic laws and regulations be operative in the U.S. For example, already some communities in the America. have pressured cities to change their noise ordinances to allow for prayer calls. Interestingly, in his own country he was jailed for seven months and then banned from Turkey in the 1980’s for secretly teaching Islam to students. Then again in 1998 the Supreme Court charged him with undermining the secular Turkish state and seeking to establish an Islamic one. Consequently, he left Turkey for the United States supposedly for health care, but remains there today, operating his worldwide organization.
9-11 became a world-wide wake-up call. While the media focuses on Ahmedinejad or Osama Bin Ladin, and the radical Al Qaeda movement, a more deadly movement operates behind closed doors to secretly infiltrate the highest government positions in many countries, including the United States of America. The goal is to establish a single Islamic regime. As an example of this outward gesture with a secret agenda, Gülen gave an Iftar, the meal celebrating the culmination of the Ramadan season, on Capital Hill under the platform of tolerance and peace. Even they invited Hollywood actors and actresses to attend. Will Gülen or his follower Prime Minister Erdogan give a Christmas party at the parliament in Ankara or could he give an Easter dinner at the parliament with parliamentarians supporting this Christian celebration. The answer is a resounding, “No.”
Today many Turks are more anti-American than ever. A thinking person should ask that if Gülen-- an Islamic educator, writer, and founder of the worldwide Nur movement that began in Turkey-- does not have a political agenda, then why did he open so many schools in the world. Why are interfaith dialogues held in the West? Shouldn’t they be held where the root of troubles, oppression, and injustice are? One of the most important characteristics of the American society is to be tolerant toward others and to respect one another. The most crucial pillar of the American Constitution is individual rights, an inalienable right. Any one who has been to America knows that there are mosques, synagogues, temples, churches, and chapels, so every devotee is free to worship as they wish. America is not like Turkey where the individual has limited forums to express freely his true thoughts and concerns because of oppressive regimes and where the Turkish government imprisons the individual in his own conscience, rather than allowing open worship. It is a fact that a Christian, Armenian, Kurds or Jew in Turkey has never been a first class citizen; instead, they certainly suffer discrimination. Still many Christians cannot even build their own church to freely worship, and a few months ago three Christians were tortured and killed by the Turkish nationalists. Yet, Gülen use the Dialogues as a ploy to show the American people that Turks are reconciling with Christians, Jews, Armenians, or Kurds. Shouldn’t interfaith dialogues be held in Turkey, not in the U.S.? Today there are many Christians converting to Islam. How many of them are being killed by Christians because of their conversion? How many of them are being threatened or required to hide their faith to save their life or the lives of their families? However, many Muslims who convert to Christianity still can’t freely or publicly confess their faith because if they do, their lives are in danger. Therefore, interfaith dialogues are urgently needed where the injustice is rampant, not in the U.S. Yet, the American system not only allows these evangelical meetings but also embraces them in its political correctness as an open-minded, tolerant, and even intellectual act. Sadly, the eager American obliviously works with Gülen to accomplish his goal of eradicating openness and tolerance when he has a critical mass in the U.S. and establishes Sharia law.
Furthermore, when Pope Benedict visited Turkey, millions of the Turks did not want him to visit their country, and some 25,000 took to the streets because the Pope quoted Manuel II Paleologus, a Byzantine emperor, in his 1391 passage about the Ottoman Empire before the fall of Constantinople to the Muslim Ottomans, a statement that he later apologized profusely for quoting. “Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and there you will find things only evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached” (“Dialogue Held With A Certain Persian, the Worthy Mouterizes, in Anakara of Galatia). Giving Benedict a cold shoulder, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and the foreign minister, Abdullah Gul—both Gulen’s students-- left to attend a NATO conference during the papal visit, but at the last minute greeted the Pope at the airport before leaving Turkey.
As another indication of it not being the West that needs tolerance and dialogues, last year when 41-year-old Abdul Rahman, a post-Taliban Afghan, converted to Christianity, he barely escaped the death penalty that traditionally Islamic law decrees for apostasy. In considering this penalty, any thinking inquirer must ask, “Is this kind of behavior or attitude an integral component of America or the West or only a historical behavior that goes back to Islam’s pre-modern era?” While it is true that much killing has been done in the name of Christianity, primarily during the Crusades, in modern America that same inquirer would find it difficult to find even one case today. Yet, Interfaith Dialogue has become an increasingly more practiced initiative within the American and Western society, especially after 9/11. Ironically, many Muslims have taken advantage of the tragedy and are being very active. Many will agree that interfaith dialogues have an important role in building peace within a society and in creating a window for everyone to exercise their right to express their faith without any threat. The interesting phenomenon, however, is that interfaith dialogues are happening in the U.S. and in the West but never in the Muslim nations. Again the intelligent inquirer must ask who needs toleration and then the real question of what is the underlying purpose of these initiatives in the U.S.
As mentioned, Gülen’s ultimate aim is to set up a theocratic new Ottoman Empire, as those researching his organization now demonstrate. He runs part of his activities in the open as legal companies, institutions and foundations but others clandestinely under cover. Gülen set up an organization or NGO as a tax free organization funded by the American tax payers to promote his ideology in America. He uses methods such as consultative committees composed of his followers, continent Imams (North America), country Imams (the U.S), state Imams (for example, Pennsylvania, the headquarters), and finally city imams (Washington, D.C.). Covering the country like a web with these companies, schools, cultural centers, interfaith institutions, public and private organizations, and universities, his organization is structured hierarchically like the armed forces. For his fundamental clandestine activity, Fethullah’s group picks the bright students from poor families, takes them into its isik eviler, meaning house of light, with 5-6 inmates and educates them as well as trains them as Nurcu militants. Each house and classroom comes under the regional imam, who supervises the work of the house imam, usually the oldest and most senior in maturity. Today Gülen sends thousands of Turkish students abroad, mostly to the U.S. and West for post graduate studies. Most of them have scholarships, and once they come to the U.S., he urges them to marry American citizens, so they can stay in the country. However, when you ask Gülen missionaries about this work, none of them will tell you the truth, or they will admit that they are spreading Islam, but Gülen has instructed them not to tell the truth as part of their training on secrecy. He teaches his followers to know the truth but not to tell the truth, having them memorize Said Nursi’s principle: “It is your obligation to know the truth, but it is not good for you to tell the truth every time, everywhere, or everything that you do.” As part of his secrecy and caution, Gülen teaches his students to lie because Islam legitimizes lying for certain reasons. If you are at war, Islam permits you to lie to defeat the enemy, so he believes that since they are at war with non-Muslims, until they defeat the enemies, they should not reveal their secrets and can even lie. If this clandestine global ideology for ruling the world became known, it would be alarming to all citizens, because infiltration becomes more dangerous than invasion since it goes undetected until it is too late.
Gülen’s movement began in a small Turkish town in the 1950’s with about a dozen students but has expanded into a present-day estimate of over 10 millions followers and in more than fifty-five countries, including the rapidly growing initiative in the United States. Gülen presents himself as a representative of peace through education, and yet under his modernist robe he is a devout Turkic Islamist. His charisma entices young intellectuals into his inner circle where they are indoctrinated with his philosophy in numerous countries with the purpose of advancing the goal of establishing a worldwide Islamic state and eradicating secular governance.
An abbreviated rubric indicates a few ways that Muslim missionaries are using NGOs as a platform as well as the American taxpayer’s money to convert people to Islam and secretly to gain the power bring the theocracy system of government.
Rubric for Interfaith Dialogue Trap in the U.S.
1999
Rumi Foundations Established to target academia
Working with many distinguished universities and professors all over North America like Seyyed H. Nasr of George Washington, Sydney Griffith of CAU, Esposito of Georgetown, Maria Dakake of GMU.” Gülen is the honorary president.
April 19-20, 2005
John Hopkins University: The School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) and Turkey's Journalists and Writers Foundation
"Islam, Secularism and Democracy: The Turkish Experience”. Guild establish by Gülen; Ongoing discussion
November. 12-13, 2005
The Boniuk Center for the Study and Advancement of Religious
Tolerance at Rice University and A. D. Bruce Religion Center University of Houston
Conference on “Islam in the Contemporary World: The Fethullah Gülen Movement in
Thought and Practice.”
Niagara Foundation's International Symposium "The Chicago Interfaith Gathering
towards Interreligious Dialogue in the New Millennium: Finding Common
Ground.” This Foundation is a branch of Interfaith Dialogues and as such holds
regularly scheduled activities related to Gulen’s mission.
October 3, 2005
Washington Post article “As the Holy Month Begins, Followers of a Turkish Leader Interpret Islam and Holiday for Themselves”
AR2005100301661.html
The Whirling Dervishes tour the US .
An event for his students to read from the Qur’an and to hand out copies of his books.
2000
Rain Drop Foundation A non-profit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to presenting, perpetuating, transmitting and promoting Turkish and Turkish American arts and culture to diverse audiences and to providing a center to enhance community programs. They are financed by Gulen’s movement.
2001
“Light Millennium formally incorporated in 2001 in New York as a tax-deductible, not-for-profit organization. conferences Since January 2000, L.M. has been gathering the Turkish American culture together, as well as aiming to convince a global community via encouraging everyone to publish their ideas through website from ways of life including: reducing television programs, special screenings and organizing exhibitions, poetry events in general cultural events, and also conferences.
The organization is led by Bircan Ünver, who is against any kind of discrimination in religion, ideology, culture, and nationality; and puts all effort for embracing all ideas globally.” This is a publication company.
Zaman newspaper Gulen’s newspaper first published in Turkey, but now published in the US as well as in numerous other countries.
The Fountain Magazine Gulen’s magazine
Herkul Organization his web page in audio; he is reaching through his voice to his followers.
Ant Stores, Inc. online, mail order bookstore Ant Stores operates as a division of The Light Inc located in New Jersey. The business sells “a variety of different languages of books, mainly focused on providing a platform for objective expressions of those belief systems, values, perspectives, practices and traditions that have shaped the lives of billions of people in the world for centuries.”
Light Publishers, based Somerset, New Jersey The Light Publishers is designed to combat the picture of Islam as the religion of 9/11.
The Pearls of Wisdom site Proposes to answer the basic questions of humanity. “This site has been prepared mainly based on the works of Bediuzzaman, Said Nursi and Mr. Fethullah Gülen.
Elite Media A 24-hour online magazine service. It provides a list of all of Gulen’s magazines.
Fethullah Gülen Website combines comprehensive information about his life, his writings, and his activities.
This Way to Truth website Offers the viewer the opportunity to “Discover Islam,” discussing theological issues and topics.
Intercultural Dialogue Platform “an initiative from Turkey to build a peaceful world through interfaith cooperation.”
Journalist and Writers Foundation Related to FG but under a different name, so the purpose is the same in advancing his activities.
Abant Platform Organized by FG for writers and journalists. The recently went to The Hague to petition the EU to accept Turkey as a member. They use their voices to affect policy.
Dialog with Central Asia
The Intercultural Dialog Platform “steps in the media” To show that love and tolerance bring peace. This forum offers quotations from FG about how the meetings will bring harmony.
April 29-30. 2005
The International Conference of Islam. University of West Madison “Islam and Dialogue.” Gulen’s speech to the US based conference is included on the site.
Blackwell Synergy Synergy publishes journals and articles devoted to the study of Islam.
2005
“Bridges for Peace –Turkish Schools Opening to the World". Explains the role of Gulen’s schools around the world. Turkish Schools Pioneering Turkey
Turkish immigrants to the U.S. 30,000 including many master and doctoral level students and PhDs. (probably impossible to have a count on the actual number of Gulen’s followers).
Ulker, Turka Cola Turkish businesses in America, among others Houses or dormitories Gulen’s operations to teach his theology
March 21, 2004
“A Small School Run by Turks Takes the Stage” New York Times article
2006, 2007
Iftar dinners with Congressmen to celebrate Ramadan Co-Sponsored by Senators and Representatives and The Rumi Foundation
Since 1991
Charter Schools Unknown number of Turkish schools out of the 2,700 in the U.S. since 1991 with 700,000 in 36 states and the District of Columbia
Only a few examples: Arkansas’s Maumelle's Academics Plus fired the non-Muslim staff and teachers for some grades; Fulton Science Academy in Alpharetta, Georgia; Friendship Edison Public Charter School, Champaign Campus, Washington D.C, pairs with Turkish schools in Istanbul and the principle received an expense paid trip to Istanbul; Turkey-Run Elementary School in Marshall, Indiana; Charter schools are supported in part by taxes but have no accountability except to their own board
Hollywood Icons Chevy-Chase used to market Turco-Cola, Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt attended to Iftar at Capitol Hill in DC, following the pattern in Turkey to use celebrities to promote their agenda
You Tube via
Video Arsivi
Mary Project
Dinners in homes to attract candidates for Islam with the lure that Mary is mentioned in the Qur’an numerous times and thus Gulen’s followers have a commonality with Catholics.
___________________
Top of page
RECOMMENDED SITES
<|endofexample|>
Springfield medical marijuana case dismissed
SPRINGFIELD, Ore. -- A recent court case raises this question: Can medical marijuana card holders possess marijuana in public places?
The answer remains unclear after a Lane County judge dismissed the case Thursday. A police captain, a local politician and the Springfield man who filed the suit all say they're frustrated by the continued murkiness of Oregon's medical marijuana law.
"As it stands today, nothing has been resolved as far as we're concerned," said Captain Rich Harrison of the Springfield Police Department.
The judge dismissed the case filed by Paul McClain, who received a ticket for illegally possessing marijuana in February, even though he has a medical marijuana card. Police found the marijuana during a routine search at the Springfield Municipal Court.
McClain said he has mixed emotions about the result.
"I was happy and a little bit peeved actually," McClain said.
McClain said he would have liked to see the case go before a judge. Springfield police agree.
"The law hasn't been changed," Harrison said, "and we will take the same actions tomorrow that we took several weeks ago."
State Senator Floyd Prozanski sent the judge a letter clarifying what the medical marijuana act was intended to do.
"To me the intent was not to prohibit someone to have it on their person or in their belongings in a public place, but to actually use it in the sense of ingesting it," Prozanski said.
Prozanski said he plans to make changes to the the law during the next legislative session that begins in January 2011. That's one action politicians, police and Paul McClain all agree needs to happen.
"It needs to be addressed and it needs to be clear," McClain said.
<|endofexample|>
The real jewel of this treasure hunt? The time you spend together Share this story email Share this story «Previous 5 of 7 Photos Next » Read the story «Previous Next » « » Lincoln City Folks walk along the beach in Lincoln City on Saturday, Dec. 29, 2012. Photo by Shannon L. Cheesman, KATU.com Producer/Reporter.
<|endofexample|>
Scheduled execution brings flurry of activity
February 23rd, 2012
Lincoln, NE – Michael Ryan is scheduled to die by lethal injection early next month. It would be a historic first use of the method in the state.
Listen Now
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
The state has been prepared and willing to resume the use of capital punishment since the fall of 2010. A series of legal challenges and missteps in the acquisition of the needed drugs to carry out the procedure have kept prison officials from proceeding.
Three men currently on death row have been actively attempting to delay or stop their execution, including Ryan.
Carey Dean Moore was to have been the first to die by lethal injection last summer. He has successfully used a variety of appeals to delay his execution. He has spent more time on death row than any of the current residents. The Nebraska Supreme Court heard the first: One count first-degree murder; one count of second-degree murder of a child.
Michael Ryan is scheduled to be executed by lethal injection early next month. (Photo credit Lincoln Journal Star) five-year-old boy, Luke Stice, knocking him unconscious. No one sought medical help and the boy died. A few weeks later, one of the adults, James Thimm, was tortured for four days by Ryan and three other men. The details are horrendous. After his arrest, Ryan pled no contest in the death of the boy and was convicted of first
Carey Dean Moore was scheduled to die last summer, but has used a series of appeals to delay his execution. (AP Photo/Nebraska Department of Corrections via The Lincoln Journal Star)
The Crime: Two counts of first-degree murder During two: Two counts of first-degree murder
In 2007, Torres murdered two’ first.
One, John Lotter, murdered Brandon Teena, the transgendered subject of the film “Boys Don’t Cry,” and two of his friends.
Six of them are accused of murdering children.
No one has been executed in Nebraska since 1997. If no stay of execution is issued, Michael Ryan will become only the 24th person in the state and the first by way of lethal injection.
if the means to execute these felons was acquired illegally, doesn’t this mean that the weapon is illegal and isn’t the executioner himself therefore a murderer and shouldn’t he be executed once a legal drug can be found
<|endofexample|>
To begin helping a child or senior receive a birthday cake in Beloit, please fill in the below Volunteer Form. When a cake is needed, you will be given a one week notice by phone or email along with the address the cake is to be delivered to, a contact name and phone number.
You will be responsible for providing a cake (or cupcakes, bought, baked from a mix or from scratch -- it's up to you!), contacting the cake requestor to arrange delivery and delivering the cake. It is a good idea to have your cake supplies available so you are ready to get baking once you get your cake request. You can buy various cake decorations or toppers.
Also, keep in mind that you will need something upon which to deliver your cake. Inexpensive cake boards can be bought at craft supply stores or you can cover foam board or cardboard with aluminum foil, for a more inexpensive option.
Volunteer's Name:
Volunteer's Address:
City:
Volunteer's Email Address:
Volunteer's Phone Number:
Do you prefer to be contacted by phone or by email?
How did you hear about Birthday Cakes 4 Free?
Birthday Cakes 4 Free Nominate A Special Someone
©2013 KVSV Radio. Powered by Pixel Power Haus.
<|endofexample|>
Gallery
SeaWorld is known for its great shows and thrilling rides. This summer a new addition to the park called Aquatica is really adding to the fun.
Chuck Cureau with SeaWorld spoke to KVUE and explained what's going on this summer. He also brought along Bahama the flamingo!
For more information click here.
<|endofexample|>
The fire started at around 8:21 PM at the Chez Moi Apartment complex on north Metric Blvd. The fire appeared to have started when lightning struck the third floor of an apartment building facing west. It lasted for approximately 40 minutes before fire crews were able to extinguish the flames. No injuries have been reported.
Apartment fire at Chez Moi
By: juszinSubscribe Channel: News Location: Austin, TX
+ Comment!
This story is inappropriate and should be flagged for moderation. Please choose from one of the following options:
<|endofexample|>
Kin.
Our students are socially responsible, spiritually aware and fully engaged in life, and we invite you to see this in action by visiting us in school hours.
Please take the time to explore the website and get to know the school. I hope you can one day visit the School and see the students in action. To arrange a tour or to receive further information please contact our Registrar Michelle Pryse Jones via her email or contact her on
Mr Brian Kennelly
Principal
<|endofexample|>
Moose put down after jumping in front of car
A northern Idaho driver was shaken and a yearling bull moose was badly injured after the two collided in a busy Coeur d'Alene intersection.
The Coeur d'Alene Press reports Ray Theander was driving his 1997 Hyundai about 25 miles per hour Tuesday morning when the 700-pound moose jumped in front of him, crumpling the hood and covering the windshield.
The animal wandered to the yard of a nearby house, where it was tranquilized by Idaho Department of Fish and Game workers. Department manager Jim Hayden said the animal had a broken leg and internal injuries, and had to be put down.
Hayden said encounters between moose and humans have become more common, with the department responding to several moose accidents each year.
© 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
By JOE KAY
AP Sports Writer
CINCINNATI (AP) - Andy Dalton is getting a second chance to shine in a hometown playoff game. The first one didn't turn out very well.
Last year in the wild-card round, the Bengals quarterback had 1 of the worst games of his rookie season. He threw three interceptions, including one that J.J. Watt returned for a touchdown, in the Houston Texans' 31-10 victory.
It was the first time Dalton had lost at Reliant Stadium, where he played in high school and at TCU.
He's going back home for a rematch on Saturday with a lot more confidence. Dalton improved in every category this season and has more control of Cincinnati's West Coast offense. Plus, he's been able to stay healthy. He had the flu before last year's game.
Online: and
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
The.
The Faculty
Kalamazoo College has 103 full-time faculty members, 86 percent of whom hold a PhD or the highest degree in their field. The student-faculty ratio is 13-to-1. Teaching is the most important responsibility of the faculty.
 page. For more information about admission visit the Office of Admission or e-mail admission@kzoo.edu.
<|endofexample|>
Release liner
Stora Enso
Stevens Point WI USA
Stora Enso Speciality Papers launches a new grade of LumiSil LO as a direct competitive replacement for glassine release liner paper. This new LumiSil LO grade, offered at a 58 gsm basis weight and a 53 micron caliper, is designed for label converters in Latin America, Europe and Asia that use glassine to make diecut, pressure sensitive roll labels with paper and film facestocks. The company says LumiSil LO features a smooth, glossy surface for uniform silicone coverage and excellent continuity at lower silicone coat weights. Engineered for silicone holdout, LumiSil LO is compatible with solvent, solventless, radiation-cured, or emulsion silicone coatings. It is available in basis weights of 58 gsm (53 microns) and 67 gsm (64 microns).
Release liner
Published May 15, 2007
Related Searches: Release liner • Label converter • Pressure sensitive • ETI •
<|endofexample|>
WHAT IS THE MAIN IDEA OF THE PROJECT AND WHO IS THE TARGET GROUP?
The figure of Lenin, often misunderstood by history and widely abused by political systems, is used as an emblematic figure, embodying human contradictions, confusion and doubts.
Artists work on Lenin’s figure, making it theirs, using it to express their personal vision of today’s world, feeding their creative process with their own experiences, extracted from their own lives and artistic careers.
There is no moral or political intent in this project. The purpose is to challenge preconceived concepts and ideological language to create a living force full of human energy.
Encounters and artistic fusion
The core of the project is the collaboration between artists from the post-communist culture and others from the west: “The fusion of various experiences, extracted from life or theatrical careers, makes the explosion of creativity reflected in the dynamics of the play” (Semolina Tomic - project leader).
The encounter and collaboration between different cultures aims to develop a space for reflection, a “temporary zone” that recognises and accepts diversity as a value for artistic and creative expression.
A strong experience (by Semolina Tomic)
"All this investigation has been a very strong experience and I will in some way go on with it, it will not end in one show: I hope I can work more on it and I would also like to collect all these experiences (meetings and interviews with the people I have met) in a book.
The experience of meeting the people and of knowing what they think nowadays is very interesting and strong.
Most young people do not want to know about the past, even if it existed just 15 years ago, they just want to forget about it.
People between 30 and 50 years old are searching for some kind of identity, they do not feel comfortable with governments with a dark past.
People older than 50 sometimes miss the old time of communism – this depends on the country they live in.“
Art overcoming prejudice (by Semolina Tomic)
„Due to the political and economic situation of the Balkans, where the war is still very present in the civil society’s memory, it has been shown that the exchange of experiences between Croatian actors who had never worked with Serbian actors functioned without damages and generated a very special experience, since the actors overcame their prejudices and were able to share the theatrical experience without any problem.
The mixing of contrasts, characters and nationalities fomented an intense experience, very rich in propositions, which stimulated the workshops’ development to a great creativity range that defined the principles from which the new creation would be alimented.“
A historical paradox (by Semolina Tomic)
„Communism is dead.
In East European countries nowadays, even to quote this ideology is politically incorrect. In Western European countries, communist parties have reformed themselves, some have changed their name, and the majority have accepted the rules of free trade and the capitalist system’s game.
Some have come to the conclusion that Communism, especially Stalin’s version, was worse than Nazism (Stalin killed millions of people, overshadowing Hitler’s atrocities).
Lenin died in 1924. Everything that has made history since ... is very far from the Marxist ideology that he held. More so, his successors used his image as a symbol for Communism, when what Lenin proposed originally was very different from what they put into practice.
With the changes in the Eastern European political systems, after being an integral part of people’s daily lives, with statues even in the smallest villages, they disappeared completely. For example, in Hungary, all the country's statues were gathered and a “Museum of Terror” was created in Andrasi Boulevard in Budapest. In other places the statues were sold to rich countries like Norway.
Therefore we find ourselves faced with a historical paradox, or a sort of collective ignorance as far as the facts about the Communist systems and the basic differences between the original ideological purposes and its applications in Stalin’s government. Lenin’s image was used as “the” Communist symbol after his death for seventy years, and after communism’s fall in the East as a negative symbol, a totem for evil and suffering of all these countries. We actually forget that Lenin’s objectives, his Communist ideology in its essential form, were positive, humanitarian and constructive, integrated and integrative by other political systems like democracy, which nowadays reigns and is considered “correct”.
The Russian Revolution in 1917, gave a jolt to Russian society, as well as a new vision of the world amidst all the humanity of the twentieth century, compared to the 1789 French Revolution.
The sense of freedom and creativity that took place in the following 15 years (until the arrival of Stalin’s regime), gave birth to the most fruitful vanguard in theatre arts, architecture, cinema and poetry: the constructivism in the architecture of Melnikov, Vesnin, Lessitsky or in Malevich’s supremacist studios, Meyerhold’s theatrical experiments, the scenes from Popova, Maiakovski’s poetry, Dziga Vertov’s and Rotchenko’s cinema, to mention only a few examples. Artistic disciplines fused, creating new forms of expression and interacting with the whole of Europe’s scene of the time, the Bauhaus School, Stijl School in Holland, Italian’s futurism or the painting experimentation in France.
For this reason, Lenin, or rather his iconography or “iconoclast”, is proposed again in the frame of a critical project about a prospective vision with different points of view. An image that is reflected over and over again in the time and space of Eastern European culture as well as in the collective imagery of Western culture.
Lenin, just like any other historical figure, embodies humanity’s contradictions, confusions and doubts. Lenin is an interface of past, present and future times. He is a “medium” where we can analyse and reinterpret the world through.
I would like to talk about subtle things, things that are nearly invisible and at the same time strongly noticeable, daily situations, like waking up and making breakfast (but what breakfast?), or the way to buy bread or go to work.
I would also like to talk about culture and education, the ways and methods to realise them in a Communist system and compare them to today’s system.
I am not interested in morality, the good and the bad - I don’t want to look for justifications in the systems to make facts worthless.
I am aware that it is a delicate and risky subject, even 15 years after this massive change has happened and I want to treat it with all my sensibility, intelligence and respect.
The work is inspired by the roots of my most anxious questions about life, about people and how the world is going. The world with all its contradictions never ceases to inspire me.
The first time I stopped to think and I seriously asked myself 'what is really happening?' I was 13 years old and I had just met two Hungarian boys at my friend’s house.
I was born in Osijek, North Croatia, only 100 kilometres from the Hungarian border. These two kids were in a state of shock because they had just escaped their country, running while the Eastern bloc soldiers were shooting at them. They ran and ran without looking back. One of their friends had been killed so they just ran forwards. The just wanted to get to Paris.
I started to understand how things worked. I realised that Eastern bloc Communism controlled lives down to the smallest detail and that options for the people with a free spirit didn’t exist.
This really scared me, even though in the socialist system where I was born and educated, former Yugoslavia, life was very different.
In 1989, the Eastern bloc wall fell and in 1990 we started noticing the beginning of conflicts in the Balkans and the entrance of wild and fast capitalism.
What has happened in the last 15 years, with the disintegration of the Soviet Union, the death of Communism and the Balkan’s ethnic war?
Most parts of Russia and Eastern Europe has been privatised. What now reigns is wealth plunderers and speculation, the Mafia, prostitution, corruption and nationalism… The first millions are earned, ex KGB agents turn into state presidents, the Mafia’s godfathers use their business influence to buy positions in parliament, in the police force and in the army. Their children get sent to Oxford.
Most people’s lives don’t make any SENSE any more, because everything has changed. Generations of parents and grandparents who knew the Communist system educate their children with their old rules. Children born in the 1990s grow up only knowing the wild capitalist system.
A year and two months ago, I met Ludomir Wegrzecki. He is Polish and comes from Warsaw.
He speaks Spanish, English and Italian. In the 1980s he lived in Spain for a few years. He also escaped. He is nearly 40 years old.
His face is full of scars and he owns two pitbull dogs.
Both of us come from the punk movement and everything that it means.
Ludomir is a noble Polish; as you enter Warsaw’s cemetery, the first grave with a sculpted head on a nice stone is Ludomir’s great, great, great grandfather, who was Warsaw’s mayor.
In February 2004 I went to visit Ludomir. He showed me Warsaw, Radom and Llodz.
I already knew Poznan, I was performing there in 1996 and 1998 in the Malta Theatre Festival.
Ludomir would talk to me, talk to me about so many different things…
Surviving is very difficult. He knows Warsaw well. His small details, his history, his past and present.
He transmits it with intensity, and all this made me realise that I felt the drive to create, basing my self on my own reflections on the subject that always moves me: a show in Poland with Polish people.
And that was the beginning of my research on Lenin is mine.“
WHAT DOES THE PROJECT INCLUDE?
The project consists of two parts: a research phase and a working residency.
The research phase, carried out through workshops and investigative visits, focuses on Lenin’s statues, which were found in many cities and villages in the Eastern Bloc (and were removed after the Soviet Union fell). One of the aims of the research is to find the exact places where statues once stood, and to understand what they represented for people. The artists visit the cities and collect graphic, video and sound material, including interviews with local people.
During the second phase, a working residency in an Eastern country, artists work together on the material collected, developing the final performance to be presented in the season 2006-2007 in Barcelona. The final result is a “physical theatre multimedia show” with mobile scenography.
The artists involved belong to different fields: they are actors, dancers, singers, musicians, film makers, multimedia creators, architects and playwrights.
HOW IS THE PROJECT FINANCED?
Project was supported by: Government of Catalonia; Department of Culture and Mass Media, Barcelona; Institute of Culture; City Council of Barcelona, AdriAntic – Rehearsal Studio of L'Antic Teatre – L'Espai de Creació; Hangar – Visual Arts Production Centre, Barcelona; L'Estruch – Centre for Arts Development, Sabadell; Ca n0Oliveras – City Council of Martorell
<|endofexample|>
.
Mots-clés
Langues:
Catalan, Anglais, Français, Allemand, Espagnol
Catégories artistiques & culturelles:
danse
Type d'organisation:
Organisations artistiques, culturelles et médiatiques
Type de soutien:
Subventions de mobilité, Soutien organisationnel, Subventions de projets, Parrainage
Taggé comme:barcelona, contemporary, culture, dance, danse, danza, europe, juan carlos, lanonima, lanonima imperial, modern dance, spain
<|endofexample|>
Detail Information
Publications2
Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis Dutch type (AbetaPP 693): decreased plasma amyloid-beta 42 concentrationMarjolijn Bornebroek
Department of Neurology K5Q, Leiden University Medical Center, P O Box 9600, 2300 RC, Leiden, The Netherlands
Neurobiol Dis 14:619-23. 2003..Therefore it is suggested that the Dutch AbetaPP693 mutation located within the Abeta coding region of the AbetaPP gene has a different effect not only on clinical and pathological expression but also on Abeta processing...
Subcortical lacunar lesions: an MR imaging finding in patients with cerebral autosomal dominant arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathyRivka van den Boom
Department of Radiology, Leiden University Medical Center, Albinusdreef 2, C2S, The Netherlands
Radiology 224:791-6. 2002....
<|endofexample|>
Developing in Nature Medicine.
"Cancer cells inside the body live in a very complex environment or neighborhood. Where the tumor cell resides and who its neighbors are influence its response and resistance to therapy," said senior author Peter S. Nelson, M.D., a member of the Hutchinson Center's Human Biology Division.
Nelson.
 major clinical reason that chemotherapy ultimately fails in the face of advanced cancer, Nelson said, is because the doses necessary to thoroughly wipe out the cancer would also be lethal to the patient. "In the laboratory we can 'cure'.
," said Nelson, who serves as principal investigator of the Pacific Northwest Prostate Cancer SPORE, a federally funded, multi-institution research consortium led by the Hutchinson Center.
###.
<|endofexample|>
User Account Login - Print subscribers get FREE access to all LA Business Journal content
To start reading the Journal online, please indicate your subscriber status:
ALREADY A SUBSCRIBER?
Please login. If you don't recall your user account or password you can look it up with your email address (see link below*).
If you don't have a user account, you'll need to Register (right button).
<|endofexample|>
Experience the reliable fit, stability and cushioning of the best-selling GT-2000 series!
Lightweight nylon and mesh for durability and breathability.
Cushioned EVA insole with a Gender-Specific Space Trusstic system to reduce weight while maintaining the integrity of the shoe.
Impact Guidance System (I.G.S) helps to encourage the natural gait for a more natural feel while we run.
Rubber with Guidance Line for stability and Impact Guidance System in the heel for additional support.
Dual-density Solyte provides additional shock absorption and comfort without weighing us down.
WEIGHT: (9.6 oz.)
JOIN CLUB LAX
LACROSSE.COM Most Popular Searches
<|endofexample|>
AMATEUR
At high school, played for Jim Kennedy at Varmdo Gymnasium in Stockholm. Played the Swedish Bankboken Tour during summer from 2011-2004. Placed first in the Orresta GK stop on the Bankboken Tour in 2004.
PROFESSIONAL
Elin competed on the SAS Masters Tour in Sweden in 2009 and finished ninth on the order of merit, winning one tournament. On the LET, she competed in the 2008 SAS Ladies Masters in Norway and tied for 42nd place. She held a conditional card in 2010 and played on the Swedish Tour in 2011.
PERSONAL
Started playing golf at the age of 9 with her brother. Played national handball for 11 years, winning the national championship for juniors in 2000 and 2001 and the highest league for seniors in 2003. Attended Texas Christian University from 2003-2007 majoring in communications with a human relations emphasis. Enjoys spending time with family and friends, sports, reading and travel. Represents Ingaro GK. Twitter: @ElinEmanuelsson.
<|endofexample|>
Women?s Wilson Hope 11-pc Golf Club Set ? Right HandPosted on Wednesday, 23rd June 2010 in Golf Club Sets
Hope Woods/Irons Set…Total Performance! The #1 women’s golf brand has now been updated with fresh style and cosmetics. Wilson Ladies Hope Woods/Irons Set features: Set includes: 14° Driver ? FW: 18° ? Hybrid: 21° ? #5-PW (46?) ? Putter ? Cart Bag Graphite shafts available in Ladies flex Available in right-hand only Click Product Tour for more information Wilson Golf…Every Round Matters!
Tags: 11pc, Club, Golf, Hand, Hope, Right, Wilson, Women?s
<|endofexample|>
While Americans are looking for spare change, the Chinese are emptying their pockets. The world’s most populated country now has a growing middle class. It used to be that only the rich jetsetters of China could afford luxury American brands, but now the tides are slowly turning. As their currency maintains it’s weight and per capita income rises, so does the buying power of the one of the most influential markets in the world.
Just last weekend, the consulting firm A.T. Kearney revealed their ninth annual study on markets with the greatest potential for retail development (GRDI). While India and Russia dominated results in 2009, this year China was considered number one in terms of propensity for market expansion.
Hana Ben-Shabat, a partner at Kearney that worked on the study, told WWD, since the yuan has appreciated against the dollar, “the purchasing power of the Chinese consumer is really going to increase. If you’re sourcing there, prices are going to go up, but selling to the Chinese is going to become easier.”
While some companies have already established success stories in China, such as Nike, others have realized that it takes some research to make it in their market. American Apparel, a brand admired for a simple, hip look and lack of labels, was unrecognizable to the Chinese, a group of consumers that enjoy brand-happy products such as Coach and Louis Vuitton.
CEO of American Apparel, Dov Charney told WWD, “They [Chinese consumers] are looking for the Rolls Royce right now… They are not looking to buy the Volvo.”
While some companies, like Levis and Gap, do well internationally… it’s not the case for most middle-class American brands. Gap’s sister company, J.Crew has no plans of expansion. However, their recent partnership with Net-a-porter, made their products available in 170 countries, a huge leap for the U.S. based brand.
Levi Strauss, which had very successful campaigns in China, has decided to launch a new brand aimed specifically at their Chinese consumer.
Christopher Tang, a professor at UCLA Anderson School of Management, brought up an important factor in China’s economy – the wage gap. Middle class shopping to the Chinese is not comparable to their American counterparts. He told WWD, “For those who have disposable income, they go for the high-end brands. For those who are more price-sensitive, they go for the local brands.” He went on to say, “The middle range price for the U.S. market is still expensive in China.”
Paul Marciano, CEO of Guess, summed it up well, “It’s a country where it requires us to be very cautious, to go not as fast as you can but as carefully as you can.”
With 92 percent of retailers hoping to expand beyond their borders, this study couldn’t come at a more relevant time. As American brands slowly lose their nationality and China’s population grows, it’s not a jump to say China could start wearing us…more than we do.
Track this: M50o93H7pQ09L8X1t49cHY01Z5j4TT91fGfr
<|endofexample|>
Donovan set for weekend return to LA training camp
CARSON, Calif. — Landon Donovan's stay with Everton will end one week earlier than originally scheduled.
LA Galaxy coach Bruce Arena said Tuesday that his team's captain will return to Los Angeles on Sunday, the day after Everton's FA Cup fixture against Blackpool.
"Donovan comes back Sunday," Arena said. "He will be with us for a bit in Tucson before he heads out with the national team."
Loaned out to Everton for the second time in three years, Donovan was scheduled to remain with the Toffees until Feb. 25, which would allow him to play in the club's match against Liverpool. Instead of playing the Merseyside Derby, though, Donovan will be with the Galaxy for a Desert Diamond Cup match.
The Galaxy leave for Tucson, Ariz., next week and will play three matches against MLS competition as part of the Desert Diamond Cup. The club will play New England (Feb. 22), Real Salt Lake (Feb. 25) and New York (Feb. 29) in the desert before playing another match on March 3 – either a consolation game or the final. The United States national team will play at Italy on Feb. 29, meaning Donovan could be available for the first two games in Tucson and possibly the last match as well.
On March 7, the Galaxy will visit Toronto FC in a CONCACAF Champions League quarterfinal match before returning home to start the season against Real Salt Lake on March 10.
READ: Quest for CCL title begins in Toronto on March 7
Luis Bueno covers the LA Galaxy for MLSsoccer.com and can be reached by email at buenodad@gmail.com
<|endofexample|>
The Lafayette Society for the Performing Arts will be trying something different with the opening of its new season show “Arsenic and Old Lace” next week with a picnic before each show.
“For the first time, Lafayette Society for Performing Arts is having picnic theater. It’s a phrase we coined and we compare the concept to that of Chastain Park” Amphitheatre in Atlanta, said LSPA board director Debby Baker.
Tables will be setup in the LSPA Black Box Theater and doors will open at 6:30 p.m. for patrons to bring in picnic suppers and beverages of choice. They will have until 7:15 p.m. to finish their meals and asked to have all food, utensils and drinks should be stored away before the show starts at 7:30 p.m. to not distract the actors.
“We think this will offer an opportunity for our guests to enjoy a meal while visiting with each other before the play begins,” Baker said. “We haven’t done this before, but it sounded like fun, so we’re going to try it.”
Ticket prices for the picnic theater are still the same - $15 for adults and $10 for students. There will be limited seating because of the tables, so reservations are required.
Picnic time will be available before each performance of the show, which runs Oct. 4 to 6, 12 and 13 at 7:30 p.m., and Oct.7 at 2:30 p.m.
Reservations may be made by calling LSPA at 706-882-9909 or going by the LSPA office at 214 Bull St.
<|endofexample|>
An informational/educational meeting is planned for Saturday afternoon to give residents an opportunity to meet with the authors and sponsors of HB 1117, which made changes in the laws governing regional sewer districts.
The meeting will start at 1 p.m. at the Life Gate Church recreation hall, located at 2525 N 900W, just west of Shipshewana.
State senators, representatives and candidates are expected to be in attendance. They will be on hand to explain the bill and to answer questions.
<|endofexample|>
Jared Leto Gossip
Jared Leto
Man-Purse vs Injections
Two men, not so tough call. First - Jared Leto a week ago at the Australia VMAs. As I said at the time, Jared worked the straight iron and appears to have taken over from Kate Bosworth in emaciation. I’m told from Aussie gossips that among all the celebrities in attendance including Nicole Richie, Good Charlotte, and Fergie it was Jared Leto and 30 Seconds to Mars who were the most demanding, the most outrageous divas. Full Story
Perennially Pinned Pupils caught on tape
Only a matter of time. Lindsay Lohan allegedly caught on videotape snorting cocaine, pulling a baggie out of her pocket and shoving her finger up a friend’s nose before hoovering some for herself. The tape, taken one night a few weeks ago at Teddy’s, has been sold to the News of the World by one of her friends with explicit details about the Lilo lifestyle and drugstyle including a blackbook list of flings and lovers.
La Lohan preggers???
As you know, Lindsay was admitted to the hospital on Monday as a result of an asthma attack. Interestingly enough, I"m hearing this was actually an asthma attack. And not a new bout of "exhaustion" which, as you all know now, is Hollywood code for "supervised starvation diet." Anyway, while she was in the hospital, a friend or handler was photographed delivering a bag full of goodies to her room, including junk food and a home pregnancy test. Full Story
<|endofexample|>
BaddieBey or Sasha Fierce?
Beyonce is on Instagram.
What?
It’s big news, ok?
It’s why her Tumblr became such an obsession. You would understand if you’re familiar with her Tumblr. Because Beyonce doesn’t f-ck around. When Beyonce does something, it will be better than everyone else, whatever it is. Or, in this case, BaddieBey will be better...
Hey Instagram, it’s me, Bey.
And there it is...
Bey in glasses bigging up her President.
Bey’s handwriting in perfectly proportionate marker on a lined pad pissing off Republicans.
Doesn’t it seem like Beyonce has a pro-quality photo at the ready at every opportunity? And the turnaround time involved in making this happen is quick without compromising her excellent standard?
Like, she must not only have a studio built into their home, I wonder if the photographers and makeup artists and hair people aren’t just on call but are required to LIVE IN, like a nanny or a housekeeper, so that she can have her picture taken, you know, for her Tumblr or her Instagram, whenever she wants, as soon as she wants. Which wouldn’t be impossible for the Beys and the Mimis of the world. I just don’t understand why B’s sh-t always ends up so deluxe and Mimi sh-t always looks like it’s happening in a stairwell.
<|endofexample|>
The and here. I will continue to defend any attempt to make Tonto not a completely racist cartoon, and based on what we’ve seen so far, he isn’t as terrible as he could be. There’s no way to make the word “kemosabe” work without sounding silly—it’s been destroyed by too much cultural parodying—but Tonto scans as pretty harmless, culturally speaking. He could be better (there’s an awful lot of mystical native bullsh*t going on), but he could be a helluva lot worse for sure. At least Tonto is less offensive than Joseph on Hell on Wheels.
I can already hear the complaints about Tonto talking to Silver, but, um, I talk to horses pretty much exactly like that, so I can’t judge. What horses, in my experience, don’t do is 1) talk back, 2) stand around in trees wearing cowboy hats and 3) bring people back from the dead. Silver is some kind of psychic Lazarus horse now and I got a good laugh out of that insane tree shot.
I’m superstitious about horse magic (white horses—like Silver—take the dead into the spirit world) but guys, the horse doesn’t actually have to be magic (see also: mystical native bullsh*t). But at least we weren’t subjected to a “hi-ho Silver, away” (yet).
I also laughed at the establishing shot of Armie Hammer as the Ranger, perched atop a towering burial scaffold which is in turn perched atop a towering rock formation. How did that even get up there? It defies logic to the extent that I was stuck thinking about that for several seconds instead of paying attention to the trailer. There is a lot of inexplicable stuff in this trailer, including that ludicrous train sequence at the end, and an odd disparity in tone between Hammer’s fairly serious take on the Ranger and Depp’s more tongue-in-cheek Tonto. That could spell more trouble than anything, if this movie can’t present a clear and concise vision of what audiences can expect in theaters next summer.
But you know what? It’s going to work. Back in June, when reports of budget woes leaked, I said I wasn’t willing to bet against Verbinski, because he’s pulled this type of rabbit out of a hat before. Based on this solid marketing strategy—let everyone get over Johnny Depp as Tonto before unpacking the story and introducing Armie Hammer as the Ranger—and what is, at this point, a wide open July 4 weekend opening, I can see this working. Especially with Hammer becoming the focus of the advertising. He’s believable as that stoic, heroic Old Westy guy. If Shia LaBoeuf could sell three Transformers movies in which his most dynamic co-star was a Camaro, I won’t be surprised to see audiences eating up Hammer as backed by Depp.
In the gossip world, everyone seems pretty well done with Johnny Depp. I expect The Lone Ranger to prove general audiences don’t share the same opinion.
<|endofexample|>
Pattinson in a Porsche
Jacek says it’s a Boxster. Since Jacek and I aren’t having an Ultimate Sacrifice, he always says he’ll get a Cayman one day. A Cayman is cheaper than a child.
Robert Pattinson can afford several Caymans by now, I think?
Here he is in LA driving around in a Porsche. Laura just ripped her shirt off.
The photo caption from the agency on these images says:
Robert Pattinson leaving Kristen Stewart's house in Los Angeles, California.
Needless to say, the Twi-Hards are rubbing themselves with glee.
But these are the only 2 photos available (1 shot zoomed in close). And I don’t see a house. Confusing. Were they at her house and the photogs watched him leave? You can photograph any location that’s viewable from a public place.
Or was he spotted around the neighbourhood?
A mystery.
And a buffet!
As I always say, gossip is a buffet. “Robsten Shippsters” (am I saying that right?) will no doubt run with it as part of their ongoing fantasy that Bella and Edward are coming right off the pages.
Others will remain skeptical and demand a sex tape.
Some might attribute it to sales. Given that the Twilight Nation wants so badly to believe it, and everyone has to make money somehow, especially in this economy, the magazines and the agencies will tell the story that sells the best.
Self service, choose your own smut.
As for the hate mail…
Beyond calling me a “c-nt rat” and a bitch, according to Twi-Hards, I suck because I’m Chinese.
Now comes another explanation courtesy of Jillian K. Jillian K thinks I’m gay. This must be the only plausible reason I don’t lose my sh-t over the story about a girl who can do nothing else but faint and cry and pine over a boy vampire.
Lainey,
I want to like you, I really do but I dont get your trash talk about Twilight! I mean Twilight has brought nothing but MONEY to your town. Why wouldnt you as a resident hope to run into Rob Pattinson? Unless you are a lesbian? I mean he is the hottest guy in the U.S.A. So try talking trash about something else. The Twilight Saga book have sold more than Harry Potter, must mean something. I know gossip is your thing but talk sh-t about something else, something worth talking sh-t about. As for Nikki Reed, she is one hot bitch so I watched your effing back. Same with Kstew, sure she could take you down.
Trying to like you, but losing the fight the more you trash talk the Twilight cast.
Photos from INFdaily.com
<|endofexample|>
Enjoying unsurpassed views over Lake Windermere, the Belsfield Hotel is probably the most iconic building in the area, familiar to everyone who has ever visited Bowness.
As well as the great food and wines you would expect from a hotel of this quality, guests also have a heated indoor swimming pool and sauna on site and access to 6 acres of beautiful gardens (including its own putting green for some sneaky extra practice).
<|endofexample|>
Mike Lynch/Lake Placid NewsThe AuSable River Association's new executive director Corrie Miller, left, stands with former director Carol Treadwell on the West Branch of the AuSable River in mid-October. The site is part of a shoreline restoration project at Larry Master's house.
6179 Sentinel Road , Lake Placid, NY 12946 | 518-523-4401
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
LAKE PLACID - It's been 16 years since Vermonter Rusty DeWees started his down-home comedy character "The Logger," and 10 or 11 years since that yokel clomped his way over to the New York side of Lake Champlain.
The Logger fits in with the populace over here, and he'll return to the Lake Placid Center for the Arts on Friday March 1 and Saturday, March 2
"That area of the world reminds me of where I grew up in Stowe (Vt.) because, even though Lake Placid and Saranac Lake have more people than Stowe, now it still seems more down-home than Stowe does," DeWees said in a recent phone interview.
He also talked about changes to his act - more jokes and more songs - and how hard he works for his target audience: locals.
FYI, he rates his show "SC" for "some cussin'."
Lake Placid News: Sixteen years - how has it changed over that time?
Who: Rusty DeWees, "The Logger"
When: 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday, March 1 and 2
Where: Lake Placid Center of the Arts, 17 Algonquin Drive, Lake Placid
How much: $21
Online:
Rusty Dewees: When I first started, it was more just stories. In other words, stories where the joke payoff was less frequent, so it'd be more like 'A Prairie ...' - not like I'm comparing myself to him, but I guess I am - 'Prairie Home Companion' stories. Now, there are some of those, but there's more of a stand-up-comedic tone to it where there's more jokes. There's more opportunity to laugh. ...
The other main change to the show is, especially since I've been to Lake Placid, I learned the guitar. I'm 52 now. I took it up when my father went in the nursing home five, seven, eight years ago, and then I got pretty good at it, so now I'll do about a 25-minute music set that includes, you know, humor, but there's some music. I do a couple songs that are kind of good. People kind of tap the toe.
LPN: Logging itself isn't what it used to be back in the old days. It's so much more mechanized now: There's like a handful of guys in the woods with big machinery. How's the characature of a logger, of a lumberjack, different with all this high-tech mechanization?
RD: First of all, that's a good question; it brings up a pretty interesting answer, I think. The first shows, when people saw the show, they would look up at me on stage, and many of them would go, 'That guy is a real logger every day, and he just gets up on stage and does some stories.' But now I'm an entertainer, and people know that. And again, going from just two hours of stories - rural-type, old Adirondack-y stories - and to more comedy-type jokes takes it away from it being so characterized as just rural, real, real rural humor. More of the jokes are jokes that are more general, in other words.
LPN: So the authenticity isn't such a big deal?
RD: No, it is, and here's the second part, and that's why the question was a better question than you might even have thought. ...
I speak in benevolence of the working-class person. That is to say, if you come to the show, when you walk into the Lake Placid Center for the Arts, the first person you'll see is me, standing behind my merchandise table, selling to you, meeting you, talking to your 13-year-old son who is a fan of mine, talking to your grandma whom you've brought in a wheelchair, opening the door to let her in. You'll see me after the show running down the aisle to stand at my merchandise table to meet the folks, to chat with 'em. If they want me to come out to their car and sign a boot they go out there, I'll go out there. Onstage you'll see me sweat and move. Backstage you'll see the same green, beat-up duffle bag that I brought my beat-up jeans and boots in for the last 16 years. ...
So I'm not up there showing up 10 minutes before the show, and my people have everything all set up. ...
So the loggers in the woods, even though they're not on the ground as much, they're still freakin' beatin' it up. The Logger's stories and jokes might not be about chainsaws as much, but my character and who I am as Rusty DeWees, I approach my business from a working-class physicality and mentality.
So I have not changed. In fact, with all the new technology, with the new media and everything, I'm keeping up with that as much as I can, but I'm also going back to the old-fashioned way even more. In other words, I feel if I can connect with every Vermonter and up-upstate New Yorker - and what does that mean connect? It means going to the Boy Scout Eagles club freakin' banquet when they ask me to go. It's all about connection, this show. People don't necessarily come to my Logger show anymore because they think I'm the funniest guy in town; many of 'em come to it now because they know me. And that's working-class, logger-type work, as applied to the business of show. ...
Thank God there's tourists in Lake Placid and Saranac Lake and in Stowe, where I grew up. People go, 'Well, you know, if you're doin' it in March, it'd be better if you did it three weeks before because that's when a lot of the ice skatin's goin' on; that's when the big ski season, Presidents week,' and I say, 'I'm not trying to really market to the tourists, necessarily. I'm marketing to the locals.' Even though I know a lot of the locals work at the restaurants and can't come to see me, I'm doing it for the guys that are plowing, the women that are making the beds in the thing, or whatever job they're doing. I'm doing it for the locals.
I mean, I hope some tourists come; don't get me wrong.
6179 Sentinel Road , Lake Placid, NY 12946 | 518-523-4401
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
Rowlett Lakeshore Times > News
State takes over AMBER Alert program: Subscribers will get free email updates with registration
By Zach Markovic,
zmarkovic@starlocalnews.com
Published: Thursday, January 17, 2013 7:13 PM CST
The Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS) announced Tuesday it will begin handling AMBER Alert functions in Texas previously performed by
BeyondMissing.com
.
The system has two components, the flyer creation system and the email notification system. Law enforcement, media and the public will need to set up new accounts on the DPS website to continue using this system. Starting today, the flyers that subscribers have been receiving will have a different look since they will be distributed by DPS instead of by
BeyondMissing.com
.
The flyer creation component allows local law enforcement to create their own flyers for abducted children in their area, which are then distributed through the email notification portion of the system. This is especially helpful in areas that do not have regional AMBER Alert plans.
Subscribers to the email notification system receive AMBER Alerts issued by Texas law enforcement agencies and DPS at no cost by registering with a valid email address and zip code. Alert flyers will contain victim, suspect and vehicle information that is made available by law enforcement.
Public registration for the new email notification system can be accessed through
, and law enforcement account requests can be found at
amber.dps.texas.gov
.
This notification system is just one of the ways DPS informs the media and the public about state-issued alerts. The other methods DPS uses for notification on state-issued alerts will remain the same, such as emails to the media and electronic road signs. For a list of state AMBER Alert Network partners, see
.
Texas joined the nation in observing National AMBER Alert Awareness Day on Jan. 13.. 13 marked the 17-year anniversary of Amber Hagerman's abduction, which the U.S. Department of Justice has designated as National AMBER Alert Awareness Day.
The Texas AMBER Alert Program was established by Gov. Rick Perry in Aug.
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), which was added as a state partner in 2005, provides notification to the public through wireless carriers, content providers and major retailers.
AMBER Alert
Activation of the Texas AMBER Alert Network involves resources from the following groups:
· Texas Department of Public Safety
· Office of the Governor
· National Weather Service
· Texas Department of Transportation
· Local, state and federal law enforcement
· Media
· Texas Association of Broadcasters
· Independent Bankers Association of Texas
· Texas Lottery Commission
[x] Close Window
<|endofexample|>
Design & Development by Hat Trick
The Lake Tahoe Shakespeare Festival is a 501 C (3) non-profit organization established for the cultural benefit and enjoyment of all residents and visitors to our region. We strive to plan, produce and advocate the finest cultural events at Lake Tahoe while educating future generations on the importance of including theatre, music and art in their everyday lives. Supported by Stimulus Funding through the Nevada Arts Council's SNAP Grant Program.
<|endofexample|>
'); } -->
With our E-Mail-A-Story Widget you can email a link to any story on LakeWyliePilot.com to up to five friends. Just follow the steps below.
Information you provide is used exclusively to let the recipient know who forwarded the article.
The article is protected by copyright and should not be printed or distributed for anything except personal use.
<|endofexample|>
.
Feiss 9921SDLB Sundance Leaf / Bronze Hand Painted Porcelain Table Lamp$329.00
Feiss 9930PN Polished Nickel Carlin Table Lamp$185.00
Feiss 9945GSG/PN Grey Swirl Glass / Polished Nickel Independents Buffet Lamp$225.00
Feiss 10024PN/FSG Polished Nickel / French Silvered Glass Mason Table$249.00
Feiss 10057PN Polished Nickel Sylus Table Lamp$205.00
Feiss 10058PN Polished Nickel Sylus Table Lamp$309.00
Feiss 10080PN Polished Nickel Christoff Table Lamp$145.00
Feiss 10081PN Polished Nickel Christoff Table Lamp$125.00
Feiss 10082PN Polished Nickel Christoff Table Lamp$145.00
Feiss 10095PN/CLG Polished Nickel / Clear Glass Pelham Manor Buffet Lamp$149.00
Feiss 10116PN Polished Nickel Maxson 1Table Lamp$179 FL6282PN Polished Nickel Sylus 1 Light Floor Lamp$249.00
Feiss - Jackson 1 Light Table Lamp$185.00 - $205.00
Feiss - Jackson 1 Light Table Lamp$185.00 - $203.00
Dimond - HGTV Home Colored Water Glass Table Lamp$178.00
Dimond - Elysburg Floor Lamp$210.00
Dimond - Carrington Table Lamp$178.00
Dimond D1864 Polished Nickel Rowley Table Lamp$338.00
Dimond 112-1107 White Shantung Bruce Table Lamp$104.00
Dimond 113-1131 Aged Green Glaze with Antique Bronze Wood Valley Mini Table Lamp$66.00
Dimond 93-650 Eiffel Table Lamp$138.00
Dimond D1401 Silver Plated Cassandra Table Lamp$138.00
Dimond D1409 Chrome and Espresso Volant Table Lamp$118.00
Dimond D1431 Silver Leaf Lexington Table Lamp$198.00
Dimond D1494 Silver Leaf Donora Table Lamp$190.00
Dimond D1495 Silver Leaf Donora Floor Lamp$250.00
Dimond D1501 Fenland Bronze Verona Table Lamp$218.00
Dimond D1718 Lavender Quartz Lavender Quartz Table Lamp$170.00
<|endofexample|>
Facebook prank leaves Burnley salesman paying the price (From Lancashire Telegraph)
When news happens, text LT and your photos and videos to 80360. Or contact us by email or phone.
Facebook prank leaves Burnley salesman paying the price
10:40am Thursday 24th January 2013 in News
A BURNLEY man is paying the price for an internet prank by a friend – but it’s all for a good cause.
When Callum Krzysik, 23, left his office computer unattended, work colleague Jordan Dean noticed he had left his Facebook page logged in.
Mr Dean promptly changed Mr Krzysik’s profile status to an offer to donate money to charity every time a friend liked or shared the status.
It read: “For every ‘like’ this status gets I will donate £1 to the most popular charity asked for, every share will get £2! Feeling charitable me! You’ve only got until mid-night tonight when I stop count-ing the likes and shares.”
Instead of ignoring the practical joke, Mr Krzysik, from Lowerhouse, decided to face the music and stay true to ‘his word’.
The salesman, who works at Motorpoint in Rosegrove Lane, has now pledged to run through the streets of Burnley on Good Friday wearing only a mankini to help raise his target of £1,012.
He said: “I felt like I couldn’t really say no. I had to honour it. I thought I would feel bad if I didn’t do after people started suggesting charities that they’d like me to help. I watched some videos that were posted up and they moved me, so I’ll be doing the run as part of Lowerhouse Cricket Club’s charity day.”
The martial art enthus-iast and ex-Royal Marines trainee says his five-mile run doesn’t faze him.
He will be donating the money to Manchester Children’s Hospital’s critical care unit and Make-A-Wish Foundation UK.
To contribute to Mr Krzysik’s causes, visit or.
<|endofexample|>
Prices and availability are subject to change from the time and date that you print this page.
5/18/2013 7:04:27 AM. For Customer Service, please call 800.933.9904
$6.95 reg. $19.00
A bed of cheerful printed tulips covers our Wooden Shoes Optional duvet. Pink branch sheets and green branch shams make the perfect partners.
- A Suzy Ultman design
- 200-thread count
- Duvet cover is no longer available
- Sheet Set is no longer available
- Imported
- Throw pillows are no longer available
- To order complimentary swatches, please email customerservice@landofnod.com
- 100% cotton percale
- Machine washable
- Pink branch curtain panels also available
-.
<|endofexample|>
Prices and availability are subject to change from the time and date that you print this page.
5/18/2013 6:42:54 AM. For Customer Service, please call 800.933.9904
Free embroidered personalization for a limited time!
Our Nod Chair is the ideal frameless seat for kids. This one is adorned with beautifully embroidered and appliqué flowers. Pair it up with our Flower Noddoman Ottoman, and, voilà, you have a complete, comfy set.
Part of the Flower Nod Chair and Ottoman Collection
Personalized Flower Chair Cover
Free embroidered personalization!
-
Nod Chair & Ottoman
-
-
Cover Only
<|endofexample|>
Has work started on tennis facility?
By Rawle Welch
Kaieteur News
January 23, 2007
Related Links:
Articles on lawn tennis
Letters Menu
Archival Menu
It seems as though work to restore the National Sports Commission (NSC) Centre formerly known as the Non Pariel Tennis Courts has finally begun, judging from the improved state which was witnessed Sunday when Kaieteur Sport paid a visit to the facility.
We witnessed the grass that had overtaken the courts and its perimeter was trimmed which gave us a sense of guarded optimism.
If this is the case then the Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sport must be commended for springing into action immediately after an article appeared in this newspaper asking the question of whether or not this Centre will suffer the same fate as D'Urban Park and many other sports facilities which had suffered from neglect over the years.
With the Government's allocation of $100 million towards the development of sports and arts, one will hope that those entrusted with the responsibility to develop sports, would release a sizeable portion of those funds towards the resuscitation and maintenance of such facilities.
This is not to say that the field of arts does not need a similar amount of assistance, but one will have to search real hard to find another area of endeavour that can match the advertisement and glory sports usually brings to a country, especially when it produces world class athletes.
Just recently, Guyana despite the lack of a top-class football stadium saw its footballers produce a string of stirring performances in the Digicel Caribbean Cup against some countries that already have state of the art facilities. Some of those countries included The Netherlands Antilles, Grenada, Guadeloupe and Suriname just to name a few.
One just have to look at Trinidad and Tobago as an example, the Government is currently about to transform the Queens Park Savannah into a multi-sports complex and that is in addition to the five (5) stadiums that they already possess.
An argument could be made that it is an unfair comparison because Trinidad is an oil-rich nation that also produces natural gas, but on the other hand if this country is serious about the development of sports, then partnerships between the Government and the private sector could be forged that could ease the burden on one party or the other.
There is so much that Government can offer, starting with offering incentives which will encourage those entities to invest in such ventures. We have seen many examples of what sports can do for a country, tourism can be developed; poverty could be alleviated through its success and many other positive spin-offs could be derived.
Look at what some Caribbean countries have been able to achieve because of the success of a few athletes.
It had a trickle down effect and many examples come readily to mind, like Jamaica's Don Quarrie, who won the 200 metres at the 1976 Montreal Olympics and Hasely Crawford, who captured the gold medal in the 100 metres at the same Games.
After their performances, the Caribbean became the focus of many international scouts and athletes like T&T's- Ato Boldon, St. Kitts- Kim Collins, Bahamas'-Tonique Williams-Darling and more recently Jamaican world record holder Asafa Powell, have all emerged and brought glory and recognition to their respective countries.
But, most importantly, the foundation that was laid by those famous athletes prompted their Governments to see the need to invest heavily in sports and they have ultimately reaped the rewards. We now have world class athletes competing in countries like Jamaica and Trinidad just to name a few and that is due in part to two primary reasons.
They have athletes that are well established on the world stage thus commanding the respect and secondly they have built facilities that compare with many on the international scene.
We saw Trinidad host the Youth World Cup football tournament in 2001, a sure testimony to their commitment to sports.
It is time we as a nation truly understand the benefits of promoting sports and start to treat it as one of the vehicles in which we can use to drive us up the right side of the economic road.
<|endofexample|>
Grazing, Spread and Uplighting
accent gallery
focal gallery
LED gallery
uplighting gallery
specialty gallery
deck gallery
Grazing, Spread & Uplighting - Combine for Success
Highlight the textured surfaces of your home using the grazing
technique. Use
spread lighting to create points of interest in the garden and ground cover
while defining the edge of walkways. Using uplighting on key trees or features highlights them and
creates a dramatic curb appeal.
©2013 Kichler Lighting. All rights reserved. Photographs and drawings herein and on
each individual page are the property of Kichler and may not be reproduced without Kichler's
written consent.
Register Your Kichler Ceiling Fan
<|endofexample|>
Girls' Butterfly Floral ClassMate® StudyHaul Backpack
Item # 404444
Description
Best fit for grade school.
- Parent tested, parent approved winner! Details
- Double-strength base for extra durability where they need it most
- Two big compartments to organize their stuff
- 17"Hx11 1/2"Wx7"D (1428 cu. in.)
- Removable organizer pouch keeps school supplies contained
- Padded c-shaped shoulder straps and back panel for comfort
- 360° reflective trim helps keep kids visible
- Quick-release buckle for clipping in a ClassMate lunch box
- MP3/cell phone pocket on the shoulder strap
- Unpacked weight: 1.03 lbs.
Make it Your Own with a monogram, embroidery, heat transfer and more
- Order monogramming above; for all other personalization options call 1-800-963-4816 or use Get Live Help
- See more options! Shop boys' prints
ClassMate® StudyHaul is designed & tested to carry everything your kid needs for class and more. Features like multiple pockets, a removable organizer pouch and side mesh water bottle pockets keep everything in their place. Plus, it has a durable 600-denier polyester body with a double-strength 1200-denier base that will hold up to all the rigors of a long school year. Spot clean. Imported.
More Information
Unfamiliar with a word? See the Lands’ End Glossary
<|endofexample|>
Do you want to stand out from the competition and sell your products online? Lanex can help you create an impressive showcase for your products.
We understand our customers’ requirements for ordering interfaces are as unique as their businesses are. Whether you need a “standard” shopping cart to sell your products, a customized system that will allow your site users to configure their desired products, or view a tailored “custom catalog” and pricing specific to their needs, we have the ability to build your application.
Our online catalogs, online order entry, shopping carts, punchouts, and product managers allow you to upload images, create product records and associate products with product categories/sub categories and integrate with online purchasing portals using cXML. Through easy-to-use administrative interfaces, we build tools that allow our customers to maintain the data on their websites themselves.
Please Contact us today to learn how we can help you build or streamline your online store, configurator, or custom catalog, and take your business to the next level.
<|endofexample|>
JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Welcome Guest
Free Shipping On All Orders Over $75
Click Image to Zoom
Item #: 1015008 | Made By LANG
In Stock
| Ships in 7-10 Business Days
Complement any decor with the beautiful and practical Saddle Vertical Wall Calendar Frame, designed to showcase your favorite LANG wall calendar throughout the seasons, year after year. The frame's beveled edges and a handy pencil tray at the bottom offer handsome and practical touches while preserving your calendar and enhancing the beauty of your home or office.
Standard Shipping for this product is 7-10 Business Days. To track this item, please create an account prior to checkout.
$15.95
Sale
$6.38
Only registered users can write reviews. Please, log in or register
<|endofexample|>
Xtend Universal External Laptop, Tablet, Cell Phone Power Bank Battery
List Price: $179.99
Our Price: $99.90
You save $80.09!
The Xtend brand universal, external power bank battery is the ultimate in portable power pack technology. It provides up to 4 continuous hours of run time for laptops, tablets and cell phones.
»more info
<|endofexample|>
Unique
Computer Karaoke Systems
After sales software support is one
of the most important parts of purchasing a computer Karaoke system. Buy
either of these systems which have been designed in New Zealand and have been
scrupulously tested by Karaoke enthusiasts and operators. Quick find search facility, easy
navigation screen and a large hard drive capacity for storing thousands of Karaoke
songs. One of the unique features is a built in recording program. Ask for an
in-store demonstration.
<|endofexample|>
Las Pinatas is OPEN on Facebook!
Here's a link to the Facebook page so you may stay informed of a possible new location.
Please LIKE the page and tell your friends:
Appetizers
Queso Fundido
Melted Chihuahua Cheese Filled with Chorizo, Flour Tortillas.
Nachos
Corn Chips with a Spread of Beans, Melted Chihuahua Cheese and topped
with Fresh Guacamole, Sour Cream, slices of Jalapeño Peppers
on top are optional.
Guacamole
Fresh Avocado Dip served with Corn Tortilla Chips and Hot Sauce.
Piñata Appetizer
Four Tortilla Chips stuffed with Chihuahua Cheesse and Chorizo.
Mexican Garden Salad
Avocado Wedges, Shredded Lettuce, Tomato Slices and a variety of
Fresh Vegetabes, served with our own house dressing.
Huevos Eggs
All egg dishes are served with rice, beans
and tortillas.
Huevos Rancheros
Three Fried Eggs covered with Tomato Sauce
Huevos a la Mexicana
Three Screambled Eggs cooked with Onion, Tomato and Cilantro.
Huevos con Chorizo
Three Scramled Eggs cooked with Mexican Sausage.
Combinations
No. 1
Beef Flauta, Cheese, Chile Relleno, Chicken Burrito
No. 2
Chorizo Burrito, Chicken Taco, Guacamole Tostada
No. 3
Cheese Burrito, Guacamole Tostada, Bean Burrito
No. 4
Chicken Tostada, Cheese Norteña, Beef Taco
No. 5
Chorizo Taco, Chicken Burrito, Beef Suiza
No. 6
Cheese Burrito, Guacamole Taco, Cheese Norteña
No. 7
Chicken Mole Enchilada, Quesadilla, Chile Relleno, Burrito
Mexican Selections
All of these dishes are served with
Rice and Beans. All may be served Vegetarian Style.
Tacos
Three folded Corn Tortillas stuffed with your choice of Beef, Chicken
or Guacamole, topped with lettuce, Tomato, Onion and Aged Añejo
Cheese.
Steak Tacos
Three folded Corn Tortillas filled with choice chunks of steak and topped
with Lettuce, Tomato and Añejo Cheese.
Flautas
Crisp Rolled Tortillas stuffed with Chicken or Beef with a coating of
Guacamole and a dash of sour cream.
Tostadas
Crisp Flat Corn Tortillas with a Spread of Beans and topped with Beef,
Chicken or Guacamole and a dash of sour cream.
Enchiladas Mole Sauce
Three soft Corn Tortillas dipped in Mole Sauce, filled with Beef, Chicken,
Cheese and topped wit melted Chihuahua Cheese.
Enchiladas Norteñas
Three soft Corn Tortillas dipped in Red Hot Sauce with choice of filling:
Beef, Chicken or Cheese and Melted Cheese on top.
Suizas
Three soft Corn Tortillas dipped in Mild Tomato Sauce with your choice
of filling: Beef, Chicken or Cheese and Melted Cheese on top.
Enchiladas Mixtas
One of each of the above Enchilada dishes with your choice of filling:
Beef, Chicken or Cheese.
Enchiladas Verdes
Three soft Corn Tortillas dipped in Green Hot Tomato and Jalapeño
sauce filled with your choice of: Beef, Chicken or Cheese and Melted Cheese
on top.
Steak Taco Salad
Two cup shaped crispy Flour Tortillas, filed with chunks of Steak, Lettuce,
Guacamole, Cheese and our Cream.
Chimichanga
Soft Grilled Flour Tortillas with a Spread of Beans and filled with your
choice of Beef, Chinken or Cheese covered with a Mild Tomato Sauce. Melted
Cheese and Guacamole n top and a dash of Sour Cream.
Burritos
Three grilled Flour Tortillas stuffed with your choice of Beef, Chicken
or Cheese.
Quesadillas
Grilled Corn or FlourTortillas filled with Melted Chihuahua Cheese
Specialties of the House
All of the following dishes are served with Rice,
Beans and either Corn or Flour Tortillas.
Carne Asada
Skirt Steak done to your taste, served with one Quesadilla & Grilled
Green Onions
Mexican Pepper Steak
Chunks of Steak covered with Onion, Tomato and green Pepper
Banderillas
Marinated chunks of Beef broiled to your taste on skewers along with chunks
of Onion, Tomato and Green Pepper served in its own juices.
Steak Ranchero
Skirt Steak broiled in Mild Tomato Sauce
Las Piñatas Special
Broiled Skirt Steak served with melted Cheese on top, one Chile Relleno
& Guacamole.
Chiles Rellenos
Imported Poblano Green Pepper stuffed with Chihuahua Cheese and topped
with Tomato Sauce and a dash of Sour Cream.
Pollo en Mole
Half Chicken smothered in our own Mole Sauce, served with Melted Chihuahua
Cheese on top and a dash of Sour Cream.
Pollo Ranchero
Half chicken smothered in Mild Ranchero Sauce, served with Melted Chihuahua
Cheese on top and a dash of Sour Cream.
Pollo Norteño
Half Chicken cooked in Red Hot Sauce, melted Chihuahua cheese on top.
Pollo in Salsa Verde
Half Chicken cooked in Hot Green Tomato and Jalapeño Sauce, Melted
Cheese on Top.
Milanesa
Breaded Tenderloin, Fried Potatoes, Tortillas, Rice and Beans.
Caldo de Pollo
Homemade Chicken Soup covered with Fresh Vegetables.
Fajitas Vegetarianas
Fresh Vegetables Cooked Fajita Style
Caldo de Camaron
Shrimp Soup cooked with Fresh Vegetables and Mild Peppers.
Fajitas de Carne
Grilled chunks of Steak, Onions, Green Pepper or Poblano Pepper, Tomato
and side of Guacamole, Sour Cream & Pico de Gallo.
Fajitas de Pollo
Same as above but cooked with Chicken.
Fajitas de Camaron
Same as above but cooked with Shrimp.
Huachinango al Mojo de Ajo
Fresh whole Red Snaper sautéed in Fresh Garlic Sauce
Huachinango al la Veracruzana
Fresh whole Red Snaper sautéed and topped with Veracruz Style Tomato
Sauce
Camarones a la Plancha
Butterfly Shrimp sautéed in Fresh Garlic Sauce
- Website by EVOCITY Internet Engineering -
<|endofexample|>
Mirror Man (3:48)
From Greatest Hits and 63 other releases
More about this track…
Albums featuring this track (64)
Similar Tracks
Listening Trend
56,048listeners all time
150,699scrobbles all time
Recent listeners trend:
Explore more
Listen to, buy or share
Buy
- 150,699scrobbles
- 56,048listeners
The water shines, a pebble skips across the face
A dozen times, then disappears, not a trace left behind
The thrower turns and walks away
A change of mind, another start a brand new day
<|endofexample|>
Opt-in to our email program for the latest updates on everything Vegas, including featured restaurants, special events and must-see entertainment.
No matter what you call it, we’ll help you make more. As one of the world’s top destinations, agents can take advantage of a variety of commissionable opportunities in Las Vegas.
Sort By
Category
<|endofexample|>
Opt-in to our email program for the latest updates on everything Vegas, including featured restaurants, special events and must-see entertainment.
From the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art and Fashion Outlets of Las Vegas to houseboats on Lake Mead, experiencing all of Las Vegas’ attractions is like riding a roller coaster – which your clients can do because we have those, too.
<|endofexample|>
By ELLIOT HARRIS
Staff Writer
The College of Administration and Business and the Ruston-Lincoln Parish Chamber of Commerce joined forces to host the 2004 Annual Ruston-Lincoln Parish Business Awards.
Tech President Dr. Dan Reneau served as master of ceremonies at the awards breakfast, held Tuesday in the Student Center, Main Floor. The breakfast recognized area businesses with awards presented by Ruston Mayor Dan Hollingsworth to the business of the year, small business of the year and young business person of the year.
Dr. Shirley Reagan, dean of the College of Administration and Business and a member of the Chamber Board of Directors, spoke positively of the involvement of Hollingsworth and Reneau.
"We feel the participation of these leaders shows the importance of businesses to the community and the university," Reagan said.
The business of the year award, recognizing a company with over 25 employees, was given to D&H Wholesale/The Medical Connection, owned by David Trussell.
The small business of the year award, honoring a company with 25 employees or fewer, went to The Beehive Jewelry Company, owned by Amy and Brent Bernard.
The young business person of the year award, recognizing someone under 40, went to Steve Davison, owner of Squire Creek. A co-winner of the award was Neil Keen, owner of The Frothy Monkey.
"I'm very honored," Keen said. "It's nice to be recognized for work that has been put into the community."
Criteria for the awards included the impact the business or person has made on the community, evidence of generosity to the community, leadership with the community by the business and or its employees and innovative thinking and entrepreneurship.
Chamber Chairman-elect Don Kessler said Reagan came up with the idea of an awards breakfast.
"With 'economic development' being the buzz word for the past couple of years, she wanted to recognize the synergies between Tech and the Lincoln Parish business community," Kessler said in a press release.
Kessler said he was excited to have the cooperation of Tech and the Ruston Chamber of Commerce.
"There are so many resources at Tech that can help the enterprising of any small business person," he said.
The breakfast was followed by a three-hour workshop presented by Louisiana entrepreneur and Fortune 500 business consultant Gregory P. Young.
"He's really fascinating," Reagan said. "He's very informative, humorous and motivating at the same time."
<|endofexample|>
NEW YORK --Los Angeles-based designer Gregory Parkinson showed his fall 2013 collection in a presentation format during New York Fashion Week, at the bohemian chic NoMad Hotel not far from the Flatiron District. Looking at the clothes set up in the hotel’s Beaux Arts-style salon, it was easy to imagine the mannequins coming to life and sipping Champagne with fancy guests.
The look: Tea-length skirts worn with cropped blouses or camisoles, and dresses with evening jackets, all in the loveliest layers and tiers of hand-dyed lace in saturated hues of plum, teal, pink, navy blue and black.
The inspiration: Romance, ease and handcraft, as is always the case with Parkinson. Because the designer is well known for making resort clothes, he wanted to show something more dressed up, he said, before adding that, of course, any of the skirts could be worn to dinner at the beach with a tank top and sandals. Yes, please.
The verdict: It’s a pleasure to watch a designer who knows himself and his customer well enough to approach each season with laser-like precision. Well done.
ALSO:
New York Fashion Week fall 2013: Bibhu Mohapatra
New York Fashion Week fall 2013: Michael Kors review
New York Fashion Week fall 2013: Proenza Schouler review
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 0-0 of 0 » View latimes.com items only
No articles were found for this topic.
Original site for U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Tory Burch published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 72 » View all items
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next >: Givenchy, Celine: Clint Eastwood, Entertainment, Strawberries, Gucci Group NV, Katy Perry
: Halle Berry, Naeem Khan, Temperley London, Vanessa Bruno: BCBG Max Azria, Diane von Furstenberg, Kate Bosworth, Entertainment, Miranda Kerr
Selena Gomez on two alternate covers of Harper's Bazaar
Selena Gomez was shot by Terry Richardson for two covers of April's Harper's Bazaar. She wears a Dolce & Gabbana striped top and shorts on the very busy newsstand cover and a more subdued white bustier dress by Calvin Klein in the more tranquil subscriber...
Tags: Nordstrom, Justin Bieber, Givenchy, Kanye West, Paris Fashion Week: BCBG Max Azria, Altuzarra, Entertainment, Marc Jacobs, Audrey Hepburn: Michael Kors, Vera Wang, Entertainment, Lincoln Center, J. Crew: Adrien Brody, Entertainment, Steven Spielberg, Rihanna, Miley Cyrus: Talk Shows (genre), Sony Pictures Entertainment, Inc., Entertainment, Periodicals, Cinderella (fictional character)
New York Fashion Week fall 2013: J. Crew women's review
NEW YORK -- And now for the clothes all of America wears. J. Crew's fall-winter 2013 presentation Tuesday morning at New York Fashion Week was a crush of camera phones, as people angled for shots of pieces that have no doubt already made it onto...
Tags: The Row, J. Crew, Fashion Trends
New York Fashion Week fall 2013: Barbara Tfank review
NEW YORK -- Los Angeles-based designer Barbara Tfank, whose fans include Michelle Obama and Adele, took her uptown collection downtown for fall-winter 2013, hosting her presentation at a Chelsea art gallery, which was appropriate considering the...
Tags: Entertainment Events, Entertainment, Chelsea (Manhattan, New York), J. Crew, Michelle Obama
New York Fashion Week fall 2013: Mark McNairy New Amsterdam
NEW...
Tags: Entertainment Events, Entertainment, Lincoln Center, Jeremy Scott, Neil Armstrong
Dec 30, 2012 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 12, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 12, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 12, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Original site for Tory Burch topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Many sunscreens do not block UVA radiation and people may be exposed to a high level of UVA without realizing it. To limit unrealistic claims about the level of protection offered, the EU revised the UVA guidelines for sunscreens. Now, the requirement is that UVA must be at least 1/3 of the SPF. For example, if the UVA protection is SPF 5 and the UVB protection is SPF 30, the overall SPF allowed to be displayed on the product can only 15, despite the fact that the UVB protection is actually much higher. While the FDA is reportedly working on a UVA rating system, currently in the US there are no UVA requirements. The image above shows the sunscreen ingredients approved by the FDA. Avobenzone, Ecamaule, and Zinc Oxide are the only three ingredients to fully protect against UVA rays. Zinc Oxide is the only natural ingredient approved by the FDA.
But SPF 20 Doesn't offer enough protection
Not True! In our surfer evaluation last year, Lavera sunscreen SPF 20 UVA performed as well or better than synthetic SPF 50 or higher products. Just read more about how Lavera Sunscreens were put to the test — Surfer approved!
The amount of time in the sun allowed by your sunscreen depends on your activity level, perspiration and skin type. Water sport enthusiasts — Lavera Sunscreen stays on in the water, providing a more effective, long-lasting and waterproof layer of protection-well suited for catching a few waves. Purchasing a safe and effective sunscreen is only half the battle. Unfortunately, its common for most to not apply enough sunscreen to protect us as much as the label on the bottle indicates. Just because an SPF of 30 indicates 300 minutes (5 hours) of protection before skin burns, repeated application is still necessary. Apply generously — the EPA advises: 1 ounce, or a shot glass full, of sunscreen applied every two hours over your whole body for one application (more if you are sweating or perspiring). Be sure not to forget lips, ears, feet, hands, bald spots and the back of neck.
Lavera is a proud sponsor of professional Kite boarder Katie Bowcutt, age 15, of the Dominican Republic! She finished 14th in the world in the PKRA for 2010!
Katie uses Lavera sunscreens to protect her sensitive skin out on the Dominican surf as she practices.
Listen to what Katie says about our products!
For more information and topics regarding sun protection, click the following blog links:
<|endofexample|>
Stephen Clark
Photo: Jamie Rector
The J. Paul Getty Trust is the world's richest art institution with an estimated endowment of $5.5 billion. It operates the Getty Conservation Institute, Getty Foundation, J. Paul Getty Museum and Getty Research Institute, all based in Los Angeles. Its properties include the Richard Meier-designed Getty Center, which opened in 1997 and the Getty Villa in Malibu on the renovated site of the original J. Paul Getty Museum. The original museum was founded by the oil baron J. Paul Getty in 1954 and its collection included Greek and Roman antiquities, 18th-century French furniture and European paintings.
THE QUICK BIO
Stephen Clark, 53, joined the Getty Trust in 2008 as vice president and general counsel after 14 years in the law department at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City where he became deputy GC in 2002. Clark started working at MoMA in an entry-level position after graduating from Hamilton College with an English degree in 1981. "I worked every kind of low-paid job at the start, including the information desk and the operations department," he said. He eventually crossed the street to become assistant director of the American Craft Museum from 1986 to 1987 but was already thinking about the next phase of his career. "Law school was always something in the back of my mind even though I really liked working at the museum," said Clark. "My father was a lawyer and the idea of being a lawyer always appealed to me." He decided to enroll at Fordham University School of Law in 1987, graduating in 1990. He had a clerkship lined up with New York U.S. District Judge Inzer Wyatt after graduation, but when Wyatt died during Clark's final year of law school, Clark joined the New York office of the firm then known as Brown & Wood instead. "I worked with a great trial lawyer, Russel H. "Cap" Beatie, who gave me the chance to work on a broad range of issues, including product liability, securities and land use. It was an interesting variety, which continued when I left Brown & Wood to continue working with Cap at a small firm called Beatie, King & Abate."
In 1993, Clark got married his wife had children from a previous marriage and decided it was time for more work-life balance. He turned back to MoMA, whose general counsel, Beverly Wolff, was looking to bring an attorney into the department. "Even though I liked what I was doing at the firm, I wanted to be able to spend time with the children." He started work in 1994 as a legal generalist at MoMA, eventually building experience in governance, contract, labor and employment issues as well as art-specific matters including provenance, title and copyright issues. Before leaving MoMA for the Getty, Clark served as president of the Museum Association of New York, participated on several New York Bar Association committees and began writing and speaking on issues connected to the museum world, particularly WWII-era art provenance. He's also developed expertise on the surprising variety of legal issues tied to the contemporary art world alone. For example, conceptual works require their own certifications of ownership and creative rights and artwork featuring nudity or other controversial physical or message elements always almost require legal review. The mere scale of an exhibit can also require legal involvement with regard to structural, zoning, transportation and related issues, Clark says, noting last year's installation of Michael Heizer's Levitated Mass, an installation involving a 360-ton boulder at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
In-house attorneys at museums are a relatively small club because only the largest tend to have their own law departments. "We are all on a first-name basis," he said, and in New York, most would get together for brown bag lunches on a regular basis.
About the only job that could have drawn Clark away from MoMA was the Getty, he said. "There's so much variety here; I have the opportunity to do something different every day." His experience at MoMA fit the immediate needs of the Getty. Clark was recruited by James Wood, the former Art Institute of Chicago chief brought in after provenance and governance controversies led to the resignation of former Getty president and CEO Barry Munitz in 2006. Munitz had come under fire related to provenance issues in the Getty's museum collections and expense and severance controversies that led to an investigation by the California attorney general's office. Later that year, the AG concluded that Munitz "violated his legal duty" when he used Getty Trust employees to "run his personal errands" and concluded that Getty trustees had improperly used charitable funds to pay travel expenses for Munitz's wife and buy gifts of artwork for retiring board members. Wood died suddenly in June 2010, and Clark now reports to his successor, James Cuno, who like Wood joined the Getty from the Art Institute.
INSIDE AND OUTSIDE COUNSEL
The Getty has two other attorneys working on staff Maureen Whalen, a former Disney intellectual property attorney, handles IP issues at the Getty Trust as assistant general counsel. "We do a lot of publishing books, online materials, images and scholarly material and Maureen's a leading authority on metadata (data that describes other data)." Assistant general counsel Kimberly Wong, former senior vice president and GC of American Golf Corp., handles employment issues, reviews contracts and works with Getty's facilities and security departments. "One thing I really value is problem-solving ability," Clark said.
The Getty's accelerating emphasis on the digital humanities, Clark says, is one major initiative his department is working on, and for the first time, the trust is starting to raise outside funds. "We are fortunate to have substantial assets, but we also have big ambitions and it's essential for people to support our programs locally, nationally and internationally, in order to sustain the level of excellence the Getty has achieved in conservation, education, research, exhibitions and publications," he said.
The Getty Trust's primary outside counsel is Munger, Tolles & Olson. "They've done great work in the past to help us sort out various governance matters and have also helped to resolve issues about the provenance of certain antiquities. The MTO lawyers, particularly Ronald Olson and Luis Li, understand the Getty's institutional needs.
"Art institutions are a little quirky. When we talk to Luis about a problem, our first focus is on the right thing to do. We exist for the benefit of the public, so it's important to think that through and not simply focus on narrow legal issues."
Clark says he's cut the Getty's legal budget "a lot" since he arrived, in part because the legal issues linked to Getty's past troubles with governance and provenance have been resolved. "Every dollar we spend on outside counsel is a dollar we can't spend on acquisitions, education or public programs," he said. "I'm perfectly willing to pay the going rate for high-quality work, but our outside counsel understand that their bills must be reasonable and appropriate." As for his role and the role of museum counsel going forward, "Legal issues were peripheral for a long time in museums, but now they're central," said Clark, referring to the range of governance, provenance and intellectual property matters that now face institutions like the Getty Trust.
"Lawyers need to be involved in the decision making and operation of these institutions." He doesn't discount the creature comforts either. "It's wonderful to be able to work with smart, interesting people at MoMA and the Getty, and a joy to be at the Getty Center, which is such a beautiful place. I see the gardens, smell the jasmine in the air and watch the sun setting over the Pacific in the evening," he added. "And I can walk the galleries after they're closed."
EXTRACURRICULAR
An avid cyclist, Clark sometimes rides with Cuno on weekends and sometimes rides to and from work. His wife, Karen, owned an antique gallery in New York before moving to Los Angeles, and their children are also involved in the arts daughter Zaza, 28, is a painter; son Wiley, 24, manages a decorative art dealers' co-op in Manhattan. Son John, 16, a high school student, is a foil fencer and fly fisherman in his spare time. Most recent movies were Lincoln and Django, Unchained, and Clark adds that he's been reading P.G. Wodehouse lately with John and has recently finished Robert Caro's most recent volume on Lyndon Johnson, as well as Bernard Bailyn's The Barbarous Years. Clark enjoys skiing and hiking in the mountains of California, and works with the Getty's volunteer team on trail restoration in local state parks.
This article originally appeared in The Recorder.
<|endofexample|>
Starting on Jan. 1, the Internal Revenue Service will penalize businesses that fail to comply with a law that governs the reporting of payments made by credit card.
Font Size:
New IRS Penalty Could Lead To Trust Account Shortfalls
New Jersey Law Journal
January 4, 2013
This article requires premium access
This article requires premium access to The Legal Intelligencer. Please sign in or subscribe to read the full text.
<|endofexample|>
11 CFR 9420.7 - Communications.
) or equally effective telecommunication systems will be used.
 that, to the maximum extent possible, handicapped persons receive the benefits and services of the program or activity.
Title 11 published on 2012-01-01
no entries appear in the Federal Register after this date.
<|endofexample|>
"To be successful, students early on must learn the skills of legal analysis, research and writing that will be used throughout their careers. One of the most effective ways to learn is by doing; Drake students develop these skills from weekly assignments and small group meetings. Law students improve their skills each week. And not surprisingly, some students are unaccustomed to the benefits frequent feedback provides. However, the rewards come later when the value of their work is realized. Students return for the second year of law school with great confidence in their legal abilities after putting their research and writing skills to use in their summer positions. They find that their skills are far superior to those of students in less intensive programs and that they are able to impress their employers with those skills."
<|endofexample|>
Research project
Investigator:
Anna Maria Baumgartner
Abstract:.
The first step of the research project will be to elaborate in detail the relevant antitrust law provisions, which includes a precise examination of the main legal sources – the Commission Regulation (EC) No 772/2004 on the application of Article 81(3) of the Treaty to categories of technology transfer agreements ("Technology Transfer Block Exemption Regulation") as enacted by the European Union and the Antitrust Guidelines for the Licensing of Intellectual Property published by the U.S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission. In addition, the investigator will analyze complementary material and corresponding case law. Subsequently, the investigator will conduct a legal comparison of both sets of rules including their scope, basic principles, and typical antitrust issues.
In the EU and the U.S., technology transfer agreements are considered to be pro-competitive as they usually improve economic efficiency and reduce duplication of research and development, strengthen the incentive for the initial research, and foster diffusion and product market competition. Despite this general compliance, a comparative study will point out the differences between the relevant antitrust law provisions. Considering the expiration of the EU Technology Transfer Block Exemption Regulation on April 30, 2014, the objective is not only to underline the aspects that need to be taken into account when drafting a technology transfer agreement, but also to present new ideas and provide suggestions for future improvements of the EU Technology Transfer Block Exemption
Regulation.
This research project is co-sponsored by the Stanford-Vienna Transatlantic
Technology Law Forum (Stanford Law School/University of Vienna School of Law) and the Europe Center at the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies, Stanford University.
<|endofexample|>
Adjunct Professor of Law
J.D., Universidad Iberoamericana
LL.M. Universidad Panamericana-Constitutional Law
LL.M. Whittier Law School-U.S. Legal Studies
.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
Tel. 714.444.4141 ext. 258
Building Two, Room 258
Professor Jonathan Torres Ficachi began his legal career in Mexico where he is a member of the Barra Mexicana Colegio de Abogados, A.C. He is experienced in Mexican Law, with a focus in Corporate Law, Mergers and Acquisitions, Foreign Investment, Contracts, Civil and Commercial Litigation, and Amparo (Mexican Constitutional Procedure).
During his ten years of legal practice, Professor Torres Ficachi has worked for three of the most prominent boutique law firms in Mexico City: Lagos Carrillo Abogados, S.C., Aguilar-Karam Abogados, S.C., and Sánchez Medal Abogados, S.C. Throughout his professional practice in Mexico, he has represented both plaintiffs and defendants in civil and commercial court proceedings, including appearances before Appellate Courts, Circuit Courts, and the Mexican Supreme Court. He represented one of the largest commercial malls in Latin America, Centro Comercial Santa Fe, Mexico City, where he negotiated, drafted, and formalized its commercial contracts. He has also represented the world’s leading yeast producer in all corporate, contractual, and commercial matters.
Professor Torres Ficachi obtained his law degree from the Universidad Iberoamericana, followed by a Specialization in Constitutional Law, with Highest Honors, from the Universidad Panamericana, and a Masters in Law from Whittier Law School. He currently teaches Spanish for Lawyers at Whittier Law School.
<|endofexample|>
AMR Seeks To Change Retiree Benefit Plans
In an adversary proceeding in New York bankruptcy court, AMR sued a committee of retired employees, arguing that it can unilaterally modify their health and welfare benefits because it has not promised to provide the plan participants with the benefits for life, and...
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
<|endofexample|>
Skadden Reps Valeant In $345M Jannsen Unit Buy
In the deal, two Valeant subsidiaries — Valeant Pharmaceuticals North America and Valeant International (Barbados) SRL — will pick up Janssen’s Ortho Dermatologics division and its prescription acne medication brands Retin-A Micro and Renova, as well as the foot fungus drug Ertaczo, according to a statement from Valeant.
“With the...
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
<|endofexample|>
Sens. Want $1.2B In Mine Reclamation Funding Restored
The legislators, including Sens. Bob Casey, D-Pa., and Mike Enzi, R-Wyo., said the highway bill, which passed through Congress in June and was signed into law by President Barack Obama in July, improperly tapped into funding set aside for the Abandoned Mine Land Trust...
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
<|endofexample|>
.
Assuming the mayor took just one ticket to each of the other events, and did not get extra tickets, he received about $12,000 in courtside Lakers seats, and tickets to 11 Dodger games worth up to $5,500.
Those Dodger seats could present an additional ethics problem because the team is involved in a project with Metro, where Villaraigosa is a vice chairman. Because of past scandals, Metro has strict rules against board members taking gifts from entities that have dealings with Metro.
Villaraigosa also got a ticket worth at least $1,250 to attend Plácido Domingo's 40th anniversary show at the Los Angeles Opera, and wangled a ticket to the American Idol finale, the scalper price of which — tickets were not publicly sold — hit $5,000. He took many tickets of lesser value, including one to a Mary J. Blige concert at as much as $90 and a Smokey Robinson concert at the Greek Theatre, which cost up to $80. (For a complete list of the mayor's tickets, see the Weekly's news blog, The Informer, at laweekly.com.)
Villaraigosa and his legal advisers are defending the freebies by arguing that the mayor is exempt from gift limitations, and has acted within his rights, because he attended events to conduct "official business."
If that view prevails before the City Ethics Commission, Villaraigosa could upend one of the key anticorruption laws on the books in L.A. The state and city prohibit elected officials from taking more than $420 in gifts annually from any single source. In L.A., politicians are also banned from taking more than $100 in gifts annually from anyone who does business with the city.
Villaraigosa's five-year ticket spree is being closely watched by other elected officials because of the proactive method he used to gain free entry to at least some of the events. For example, he got great seats to a Beyoncé concert by cranking out a "proclamation" at the 11th hour, which praised the singer for her good citizenship.
A dozen political advisers and lawyers contacted by the Weekly declined to comment, most of them unwilling to publicly criticize a sitting politician. But legal counsel to one national elected official called Villaraigosa's seeking out of events at which to present a scroll or briefly speak at a microphone "pretty clever." He got into a 2008 Lakers Playoff game, for example, by arranging to hold a press conference on-site at which he said the 2011 All-Star game was coming to L.A.
Critics say that if the City Ethics Commission merely slaps Villaraigosa's wrist, politicians up and down California will copy him, printing up scrolls and devising on-site "press conferences" to claim that they, too, are conducting "official" or "ceremonial" duties.
Cressman, of Common Cause, calls the mayor's behavior shameful. He says that if the ethics commission finds no wrongdoing, "it's a terrible precedent. It's opening a new loophole. I can't recall any state officials using this 'ceremonial' function as an excuse for not reporting" gifts.
But the commission is no longer Villaraigosa's only concern. The L.A. District Attorney's Office said this week it will review the commission's findings for possible illegalities.
Although mayoral aides have repeatedly insisted that Villaraigosa did not break city or state anticorruption laws, one emerging legal argument from the mayor's team appears somewhat unusual.
Attorney Walter Moore, who has filed an ethics complaint against Villaraigosa over the freebies, says he is being told by people close to the issue that the mayor's attorneys are privately citing the opinion issued to Hahn in 2004 by the City Ethics Commission concerning whether Hahn could spend funds he raised to buy tickets to the Grammys. In the detailed response to Hahn, the commission described the mayor as the city's "business ambassador and chief marketer."
Moore believes Villaraigosa is trying to parlay that language to argue after the fact that if he conducts any duties at events, he can legally obtain scads of free tickets and not report them. "I gather that's the argument," says Moore, who calls it "woefully misplaced."
He scoffs, "If you read the Municipal Code, it does not contain a calligraphy defense" — referring to Villaraigosa's practice of churning out fancy scrolls to use as entry.
The mayor's office did not respond to several requests made by the Weekly, seeking comment.
One thing is certain: The mayor can't claim ignorance of the rules. As a former California Assembly speaker, Villaraigosa became intimately familiar with the gift laws, including requirements that elected officials must ask for a legal ruling from the Fair Political Practices Commission — or in this case, the City Ethics Commission — before trying anything questionable.
In fact, in 1999, Villaraigosa authored Assembly Bill 1630 to weaken rules that require politicians to find out from the FPPC the legality of their actions before committing them. Villaraigosa's bill died in committee because the FPPC fought it. The existing law usually requires a politician to obtain a written opinion two to three weeks in advance of the questionable action. Villaraigosa's bill would have let politicians get an oral opinion five days in advance.
Asked about Villaraigosa's five years of undisclosed free tickets, FPPC Executive Director Roman Porter says, "There is no record of the mayor having asked for advice on this issue."
As the Weekly has previously reported, Villaraigosa has been light on policy and heavy on self-promotion as mayor. He employs a personal staff of 173 — Hahn had 121, Riordan 114 — some of whom focus on getting his face on the nightly news.
The Weekly's September 2008 cover story, "The All About Me Mayor," illustrated how Villaraigosa devotes his touted "16-hour workdays" almost entirely to self-promotional activities, ceremonial events, awards, luncheons, banquets, photo ops and media interviews — including a sizable chunk of "gap time" used to drive around to attend the activities.
Based on documents obtained under the California Public Records Act, this paper found that Villaraigosa spends only 11 percent of his time on core city business, such as learning about policy issues, signing legislation, or meeting with department heads, community leaders or his chief of staff.
Two decades ago, similar behavior in the waning days of Tom Bradley's administration brought that popular mayor strong criticism. The aging Bradley had begun to spend a great deal of time at ribbon cuttings, banquets and other ceremonial events. But in those days, L.A. had a weaker mayoral system than it does now, so Bradley had fewer real powers than Villaraigosa enjoys.
This mayor has been given a measure of political cover for his approach to the job by the editorial board of the Los Angeles Times, whose editorials have argued that his devotion to ceremonial and self-promotional activities is good for L.A.
Yet it was a Times newsman, Willon, who determined that the mayor uses his largely ceremonial position to justify a lavish lifestyle financed on somebody else's dime. Willon spent months reviewing thousands of photographs of Villaraigosa at sporting and cultural events, and pored over five years of his personal schedule.
— Clarissa Wei also contributed to this report
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
ONTARIO, California – Safariland® announced today the release of their new Range Series products which includes the Model 5195 Range Series Open Top Low Ride Holster, Model 332 Range Series Belt and the newly updated Model 5197 Open Top Mid Ride Holster. These models were designed specifically for typical rugged use on the range, with competition shooters, range instructors and shooting enthusiasts in mind.
“With the growing number of shooting enthusiasts practicing at the range and trying their hand at competitive events, Safariland recognized that it was necessary to expand its product offering to meet the individual needs of these shooters,” stated James Dawson, Category Director for the Safariland brand.
The Model 332 Range Series Belt, the foundation for these holster models, is constructed of a polymer laminate which is covered by a Cordura® nylon wrap making it sturdy and durable. Reinforced to hold the weight of competition holsters and ammunition, the belt also features a non-slip material on the interior which keeps accessories from sliding. The Model 332 can quickly and easily be removed and is available in 1.5” (38 mm) belt width.
The new Model 5195 Range Series Low Ride Holster is designed specifically with female users in mind. The belt loop is offset from the holster to allow for a smooth straight up draw on shooters whose hips are larger than their waists. The Model 5195 also features a modular offset adaptor to accommodate other Safariland belt accessories such as the QLS19 Locking Fork, the 745BL belt clip or the 567BL injection molded belt loop.
The Model 5197, a popular concealment holster model, has been updated and now features a new belt loop that is user-adjustable for cant while eliminating common belt-bulging. This belt loop includes fits for 1.5” (38 mm), 1.75” (45 mm), 2” (50 mm) and 2.25” (58 mm) belt widths.
Featuring SafariLaminate™ thermal-molded construction, both holster models feature low cut sides, are compact and lightweight and feature a detent in the trigger guard. This feature provides added security as the detent is thermal-formed into the holster’s walls and increases its retention, whether during a match or while carrying concealed. A simple straight-up draw defeats the friction detent and the gun is ready to be used. To re-holster, the gun is effortlessly pressed downward into the holster until a distinctive click is felt. Both the Model 5195 and 5197 are IDPA approved.
All models in the Range Series are available in Black, OD Green and FDE Brown and are available now. MSRP as follows:
Model MSRP
5195 $37.00
5197 $37.00
332 $46.00 of Safariland, LLC
<|endofexample|>
Mickey’s Been Layin’ Low…
Grunt. When he spends his time blogging on car designs and the LA Times, I can at least ignore him…
Surely some Academy members are viscerally averse to watching gay sex. (They have genes too.)
Mickey is proposing an interesting theory of sexual attraction, even were we, for the sake of argument, to accept genetic determination of sexual preference. For Mickey, our genes apparently designate not sexual attraction but sexual repulsion. Heterosexual members of the Academy must find homosexual relations repellant; this is why they like girls (and don’t doubt that we’re only talking about the men here). Heterosexuals like Mickey aren’t attracted by women so much as they are repelled by men, and the idea of man-on-man sex.
This has the nifty side effect of allowing Mickey to believe that it’s not his fault that he’s disgusted by homosexuals; it’s genetic.
And then:
You knew there would be an anti-homophobic guilt trip somewhere in this process.
While I’m inclined to doubt that the “heterosexual” gene plays much of a role in Mickey’s development, it appears that the narcissism gene is coming through strong and clear. The whole point of this evil Hollywood plot, after all, has been to make Mickey feel guilty (and, really, to look stupid, given his predictions about Brokeback’s success). Surely, no one could be interested in the story for any reason other than to make insecure guys like Mickey feel guilty and uncomfortable.
And, last but not least, Mickey apes the Apuzzo line:.
Worst. Blogger. Ever. When you can’t improve on Jason Apuzzo, it’s time to hang ‘em up.
<|endofexample|>
.
This item is currently unavailable for purchase through Lay & Wheeler.
Our fine wine trading team may be able to source the wine for you. Please use our contact form to provide us with your details.
Wine Details
Tasting Note
Region Details
One of the most eagerly awaited Champagnes of the vintage from this revered family-owned House. a spectacular vintage Champagne that is fully balanced with vibrant acidity and an extremely long length. This will surely age with grace and charm.
Despite frequent attempts, nowhere else in the world has succeeded in replicating the complexity, poise and elegance of a typical champagne. Its qualities are ascribed to the region's northerly, continental location to the east of Paris, to its ancient chalk soils and to its deep-rooted traditions. Its success is due in part to one of the most enduring public relations and marketing campaigns ever seen, which has served to link the drinking champagne on special occasions across the globe. Demand has the capacity to outstrip supply despite pushing production, and appellation boundaries, to the limit. Producers are now focusing their attention on special cuvées, vintage styles and new formulations to increase value rather than volume. A consequence of the rising trend of prices has been to encourage growers to bottle and commercialise their wines themselves, rather than to sell to the big houses.
<|endofexample|>
WHBM Presents 25 Amazing Women: Amy Bonebrake
Hear Amy Bonebrake tell her story about her journey with breast cancer. She was one of 25 women chosen to take part in White House | Black Market’s 25th anniversary celebration and breast cancer awareness month catalog. Listen as she talks about family, "new normal," living and emotions.
<|endofexample|>
New technologies have enormous potential to help older people live independently by countering problems with mobility, health and loneliness. Governments and other agencies are putting tremendous efforts into helping older people to go online, but an important challenge is that those who become regular and confident technology users face barriers in continuing to use them as they age.
Visit the Sus-IT website for further information.
The ‘Sus-IT (Sustaining Information Technology use by older people to promote autonomy and independence)’ project is working to overcome this. It is being led by Professor Leela Damodaran as Principal Investigator and Wendy Olphert as Lead Co-investigator, working alongside Dr Colin Machin and colleagues from the Department of Computer Science, and seven other universities – Anglia Ruskin, Middlesex, Dundee, Lincoln, Nottingham Trent, Northumbria and Surrey.
The project is being funded by the New Dynamics of Ageing (NDA) Programme. The NDA is a seven year multidisciplinary research initiative with the ultimate aim of improving the quality of life of older people. The programme is the largest and most ambitious research programme on ageing ever mounted in the UK.
“Sus-IT has far-reaching ramifications for our society and economy,” Professor Damodaran explains. “Fundamentally it is about gaining a better understanding of how older people can participate actively in our e-society and helping them to achieve this; to do nothing would mean letting a large section of our population become more and more socially isolated and financially disadvantaged.”
<|endofexample|>
- 
Personal Retirement Counseling Sessions
Date: November 10 2009 9:00am - 5:00pm Location: CAS - JR Howard Hall #319 Conference Room
Would you like to talk to a professional retirement consultant? Someone who can help you make sure that your retirement account is still on track?
The Lewis & Clark TIAA-CREF consultant, Mark Gilgan, will be here on Tuesday, November 10, 2009 for a one-on-one retirement counseling sessions. Let him help you make the financial decision that is right for you.
During your hour with Mark, you can:
- Learn more about long-term strategies
- Find the right allocation mix for you
- Develop your own strategy
Location
CAS- JR Howard Hall #319 Conference Room
Time
9 a.m. – 5 p.m. (1 Hour Appointments)
To schedule your appointment, please call Amy Johnson toll free 866-928-4221 x 47-2601
The Office of Human Resources is located in South Chapel Annex on the Graduate Campus.
Voice503-768-6235
Office of Human Resources
Lewis & Clark
0615 S.W. Palatine Hill Road, MSC 72
Portland, OR 97219
<|endofexample|>
1.1. Indexing conventions usually prescribe that the most specific term be assigned to the material being cataloged. The choice of terms also depends on the use of the collections, the degree of available information, the relationship of the material being cataloged to the rest of the institution's holdings, staff expertise, and whether the catalog record represents a single item or a group of items. Decisions about the level of specificity should also take into account the needs of a growing manual file or local automated database and the possibility of contributing records to a multi-institutional database, or other modes of record distribution.
1.2. If uncertain of a specific physical process, assign a broader term. Although terms are available for use when a process is recognized, one should not feel compelled to try to identify every process as specifically as possible in every case. Example: When a color photographic print process cannot be easily identified, PHOTOGRAPHIC PRINTS--COLOR may suffice.
1.3. In accordance with conventional subject indexing practice, a narrower term and its broader term should not both occur in a record for a single item. However, for a group, it may be appropriate to assign both broader and narrower terms. Example: An aquatint is indexed with: AQUATINTS. The additional broader term INTAGLIO PRINTS would be superfluous.
Example: A group that contains mostly cyanotypes, but also has a scattering of many other photo processes, may be indexed with: CYANOTYPES and the broader term PHOTOGRAPHIC PRINTS.
1.4. Conventional indexing rules prescribe use of the broader term when more than three of its narrower terms would be headings in the catalog record. The desire for access to examples of specific media and genre in a group may call for deviation from this practice and use of all the terms. When, however, the specific aspects are considered too numerous to index separately, either in a group or single item, the practice of using the broader term should be followed.
Example: A group containing a photographer's work includes mostly platinum prints but also has a few cyanotypes and tintypes. Each type is indexed because it is important to highlight them all in the context of the institution's holdings.
Example: The kinds of ephemera in a scrapbook are too numerous to index separately. The general term EPHEMERA is used.
Example: A drawing includes graphite, chalk, and crayon, and no one medium predominates. The general term DRAWINGS is used.
Go to:
<|endofexample|>
- •
What led to the success of Ammon and his brethren in their efforts to bring the Lamanites to a knowledge of the truth? What do you learn from Ammon and Aaron’s approach to missionary work?
- •
What doctrines did Ammon and Aaron teach to King Lamoni and his father? (See Alma 18:34–39; 22:7–14.)
- •
What sacrifices was Lamoni’s father willing to make to know God? (See Alma 22:15, 17–18.) What can you learn from his example?
As you study Alma 17–22, look for accounts of people who received blessings after they endured trials. Ponder the blessings that you have received as you have endured trials faithfully.
Suggestion for Family Discussion
Display a few different instruments or tools. Ask family members to explain how each instrument (or tool) is used. Then read Alma 17:1–9 and point out that we, like the sons of Mosiah, can be “instrument[s] in the hands of God” as we share the gospel with others. Emphasize that the Lord will help us as we strive to be instruments in His hands.
<|endofexample|>
Chapter 6
Woe to them who are at ease in Zion—Israel will be plagued with desolation.
1 Woe to them that are at
2 Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they better than these kingdoms? or their border greater than your border?
3 Ye that put
4 That lie upon beds of ivory, and stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the lambs out of the flock, and the calves out of the midst of the stall;
5 That chant to the sound of the viol, and invent to themselves
6 That drink wine in bowls, and anoint themselves with the chief ointments: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph.
7 ¶Therefore now shall they go
8 The Lord God hath
9 And it shall come to pass, if there remain tenShall horses run upon the rock? will one plow there with oxen? for ye have turned
13 Ye which
14 But, behold, I will raise up against you a nation, O house of Israel, saith the Lord the God of hosts; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath unto the river of the wilderness.
<|endofexample|>
Overcome, Overcame
- Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome: Gen. 49:19 .
- we are well able to overcome it: Num. 13:30 .
- I have overcome the world: John 16:33 .
- Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good: Rom. 12:21 .
- of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage: 2 Pet. 2:19 .
- because ye have overcome the wicked one: 1 Jn. 2:13 .
- born of God overcometh the world: 1 Jn. 5:4 .
- To him that overcometh will I give to eat: Rev. 2:7 .
- he that overcometh … to him will I give power: Rev. 2:26 .
- He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment: Rev. 3:5 .
- To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me: Rev. 3:21 .
- the beast … shall overcome them: Rev. 11:7 .
- they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb: Rev. 12:11 .
- He that overcometh shall inherit all things: Rev. 21:7 .
- the enemy shall not overcome: D&C 38:9 .
- I have overcome the world: D&C 50:41 .
- through faith they shall overcome: D&C 61:9 .
- He that is faithful … shall overcome the world: D&C 63:47 .
- I will that ye should overcome the world: D&C 64:2 .
- sufferings of those with whom he made war and overcame: D&C 76:30 .
- who overcome by faith, and are sealed by the Holy Spirit of promise: D&C 76:53 .
- they shall overcome all things: D&C 76:60 .
- I have overcome and have trodden the wine-press alone: D&C 76:107 .
- Lamb of God hath overcome: D&C 88:106 .
<|endofexample|>
Shop By
Nursing Bras
Full Figure Bras
Full Figure Bra 48F
Looking for that perfect fitting bra in you size? Look no further!
We offer a complete line of underwire and wirefree full figure bras in 48F to complete your wardrobe. Our!
Wirefree Sport (Prints) Full Figure Bra
$26.00
$20.8020% Off!
<|endofexample|>
Leapinlizards.com: The Leading Leaping Lizard Site on the Net leapinlizards.com has been connecting our visitors with providers of Adventure Holidays, Celebrations, Cruise Holidays and many other related services for nearly 10 years. Join thousands of satisfied visitors who found Cycling Holidays, Event Planning, Event Planning Companies, Family Holidays, and Fiji Holidays.
<|endofexample|>
Create Post
Results 1 to 1 of 1
Thread: fox co 2/2 1988 to 1992
fox co 2/2 1988 to 1992
looking for old buddies in 2/2 fox company during 1988 to 1992 especially my boys of weapons platoon ohhrraahhh
Thread Information
Users Browsing this Thread
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
Armed Forces Day - Saturday May...
Yesterday, 08:31 AM in Open Squad Bay
<|endofexample|>
-
Photo Envelope$29 - $39
Photo Bookmark$11 - $15More colors available
Small Accordian Photo Frame$19 - $39
Small Photo Folio$15 - $29
Large Photo Folio$15 - $45
Travel Frame$19 - $35
Double Photo Frame$21 - $29
Landscape Photo Frame$35 - $49More colors available
Portrait Photo Frame$19 - $35
Triple Travel Frame$25 - $35
-!
<|endofexample|>
ATHENS Abry Jones career at Georgia is over because of his ankle injury, head coach Mark Richt revealed on his radio show Monday night.
There was some hope that Jones, the defensive end from Warner-Robins, could return for the postseason. But Richt, who had declined to say much about Jones recently, confirmed the worst-case scenario.
Hes done for his senior year, and hes not gonna play again for Georgia, Richt said.
Richt brought up Jones injury himself, when he was talking about this past weekends news that senior receiver Marlon Brown is also done because of an ACL injury.
Its just sad that those guys senior year ended prematurely because theyre great guys, Richt said. I still think theyll have great careers in the NFL. But its just sad for them, sad for Georgia.
Jones had 17 tackles and no sacks in seven games this season. He struggled with the ankle injury the last few games. He finishes his college career with 106 tackles and five sacks.
Brown feeling positive
Browns career may be over, but his roommate said the receiver is keeping a bright outlook.
You wouldnt know the difference in the way he was acting before, and after. Hes laughing, and smiling and joking around still, said senior receiver Rantavious Wooten, who rooms with Brown. Still, its affecting him, because of the situation. So the guys around him are just keeping his spirits up, keeping his head up, keeping him positive.
Wooten said he wasnt sure if Browns injury would mean much more of a role for himself, because he can only play one receiver spot, flanker.
But redshirt freshman Justin Scott-Wesley, who has just one catch this year, said he expected his own role to increase. Richt has said that as well.
When guys go down, guys have to step up. So I guess its my time to step up.
More injury updates
Guard Chris Burnette (shoulder) and outside linebacker Chase Vasser (shoulder sprain) did not practice on Monday. Their status for Saturdays game against Auburn remains in question.
Fullback Merritt Hall, who missed most of the past two games with an ankle injury, was off the official injury report. Richt said he didnt know if Hall would be able to play, but if he did that he anticipated a pretty even split of snaps with Zander Ogletree.
<|endofexample|>
Small
Thanks, Lee. This is exactly what I needed!
I’m glad it helped.
Lee: Where have I been all your life? LOL This is exactly what I needed for my current wip that takes place in a small town in the North Carolina mountains about human trafficking but included four murders. There is so much information on this site it’s overwhelming. Thank you so much!!
Thanks, Lee. Very informative. My WIP is set in a town of 25,000, so it’s easy for me to visualize the situation you show on a slightly larger scale. I’ll be a regular reader here from now on.
Lee,
You consistently hit the issue smack on the head. I love this.
My current WIP is set in a Minnesota town with a population of 3,500. There’s a police chief, 4 full time officers and two part-time people, a civilian dispatcher just out of high school. The pictures were really helpful. My grandad was a police officer, but in Tampa, FL, which is anything but small. I’ve been guessing what the physical location would look like. Thanks for the great visuals!
Yup. My WIP has at least a few scenes in a small town police department and this looks exactly like the one I visited in CT. Thanks for some of the details I may have missed. BTW, the fictional town in my book is one town over from a fictional Springfield.
<|endofexample|>
In an essay for this week’s New Statesman, Jon Cruddas MP attacks the “new orthodoxy” on immigration and welfare recipients” which has emerged since the election.
In a joint article with Jonathan Rutherford, professor of cultural studies at Middlesex University, Cruddas writes:
“Where in these current debates are issues of political economy? Where is the deep analysis of power and structural inequality? Indeed, where are the hope and generosity, the optimism and warmth, the search for a different world? Why are we retreating into a sour, kiss-up, kick-down politics? …
“The whirlwind of globalisation has destroyed working-class communities. In the most deprived areas, a culture of shame and failure has taken root. Children grow up expecting nothing, and so give nothing in return. People fear that their identity and way of life are under threat; in consequence, they fear the stranger. This fear then spreads outwards to the wider population, like ripples across a pond.”
Directly addressing the arguments about immigration and welfare, Cruddas and Rutherford write:
 article concludes by arguing that the “new covenant between Labour and the people” would be for an ethic of reciprocity, an ethical economy that secures capital and employment in localities, and for liberty.
Left Foot Forward outlined on Monday how a number of Labour leadership candidates were talking tough on immigration. Andy Burnham expanded on his views in yesterday’s Telegraph:
Those roots have made Mr Burnham more critical than his rivals of Labour’s failure to understand worries about immigration.  denies that he is trying to outflank the Con-Lib Government on the Right. “Some solutions naturally belong to the Left – rebuilding social housing and looking at the minimum wage … I would [also] look at benefits for new arrivals. Repatriating child benefit to the country of origin is [wrong]. The man in the street says it can’t be right to send money back home to a child who isn’t here.”
Mr Burnham also advocates getting much tougher on some British claimants. If people refused to work after receiving personalised help, would he withdraw benefits?
“Ultimately. There would have to be rigour in the system. I’d pull back slightly from a draconian no-benefits [rule], but they’d have to take on board the positive opportunities put to them”
Pingback: paulstpancras
Pingback: SSP Campsie
Pingback: jennifer roberts
Pingback: Political Animal
Pingback: jennifer roberts
Pingback: Jay Baker
Pingback: Lenin Grad
Pingback: Immigration Tips
Pingback: Carol Roper
Pingback: Nick Sherrard
Pingback: Justin Baidoo
Pingback: Hannah's Opinions
Pingback: Fr Paul Butler
Pingback: law
Pingback: Cruddas and Abbott on immigration « International Globe
Pingback: TenPercent
Pingback: David Wearing
Pingback: SOCIALIST UNITY » JON CRUDDAS CRITICISES THE "NEW OTHODOXY" ON IMMIGRATION
Pingback: Jonathan Taylor
Pingback: Cruddas and Abbott on immigration | United Kingdom Politics News
Pingback: Dan Straw
<|endofexample|>
- .
kbvt3
April 17, 2010 - 3:58pm
Permalink
I had read about that the Group 8 veterans were now eligible again to receive VA healthcare. I encouraged my brother to enroll. He's been laid off from his previous jobs for several months. Last week he received a letter of denial. The letter said no Group 8 veterans were being accepted. Was this a short lived policy from Obama, a change made with Obamacare, or a mistake?
Where do I find an answer to my question?
skbj94
October 17, 2010 - 10:20pm
Permalink
Hi. I just joined the Legion .I have a question about the VA medical .I was turned down about two years ago. My older brother just signed up and got accepted and his card is on the way .We both where in the Army during Vietnam but didn't go to Vietnam..So why did he get accepted and i did not. Can you tell me what if anything I can do to get a medical card. Thanks for your time Scott K Abbott.. PS i just found this what is Group 8 ?????????
lake989
November 11, 2010 - 11:54am
Permalink
I was drafted in 1969 and went into the Marines. Lucky to get orders cut and not serve in Vietnam. But I got pinned for my corporal stripes, sprayed some MJ fields the Gunny found on base that burned my skin. Several other "things" and the VA gave me 2 SC problems and O Comp. Got my VA permanent SC (Purple and White Card) and stayed in VA hospital a couple times with Meds before 1982. Moved from area and never heard you would be dropped if you did not sign up again in early 1990s. Signed up at age 64 (2009) and was told I was "now" a Group 8 with NO Service Connected rating for anything. Today I have a total hip replacement thanks to pinning as a corporal....complaint in my Medical Records. Thought I had a good chance to get some medical care so doubt very few will see help in Group 8. Scrapbook full of medical records and nowhere to go. I even had a VA Doc letter recommending disability in 1981. But many worse off than I.
Good Luck
profrlklein
January 6, 2011 - 3:54pm
Permalink
My recommendation to all veterans is not believe any of the propaganda from the Dept of Veterans Affairs. The VA blatantly lies to us (veterans) and to those who purport to help up.
A prime example: The VA has continously and blatantly lied to me about my disability claim for over 454 days (15 months). In fact they have even lied to my Senators and Congressman, who did nothing but parrot back the VA lies.
Two of the VA's major lies were: (1) conveniently missing medical records one month, miraculously found the next, but conveniently missing a different set of medical records; and (2) promising me and my Congressman that my claim would be expedited since they had everything they needed, and the very next day they tell me that more information is needed on something that was reportedly adjudicated.
Lesson Learned: Never believe the VA, they will lie to you.
jakers487
January 17, 2011 - 9:31am
Permalink
I think they lied tome when i enlisted 1968. They said I would never lose my venerans benifits. I have been trying to get medical benefits for over two years. they tell me my pension is too much money to get anything. Thanks VA.
guardfar41
February 18, 2011 - 9:31am
Permalink
As a veteran, you would think an ID would be issused to identify you as a Vet. instead of having to carry around a DD 214.
HarleyRider55
May 7, 2011 - 1:48pm
Permalink
I agree we need a ID card. Even though we are "Group 8" they can surely find a way to issue us a card that differentiates us from those they deem eligable for medical attention. Lots of restaurants, stores, etc are now giving discounts to vets, Lowes wants a picture ID for a veteran's 10% discount. My son is stationed at Ft Bragg, with an ID card I wouldn't have to go thru the screening line to visit. Today I sent a fax to to one of the congressmen on the House Committee of Veteran Affairs asking for them to consider issuing us one. Maybe if enough of us write/fax them they'll consider it. Google that committee to find the information.
fedupvet
March 17, 2011 - 2:59pm
Permalink
I agree, the VA will lie to you. I filed a claim in August 2001. I am still dealing with the VA. They told me they couldnt find records. Then after I filed an appeal, then I was told by the VA by mail, that I did not show any signs of kidney disease at my enlistment and they even had by blood pressure readings. Hello, I was only 19, I guess I didn't show any signs of kidney disease. Every time I would file a claim or an appeal I would be notified by mail that my appeal could take up to 10 years. They do not want to take care of you. I am sorry but its true they lie. If you get them in a corner then they will tell you that a certain form was never mailed to them so they will reset your filing time. I have contacted my Congressman, he did nothing. My VA doctor after viewing my civilian medical records call me to go in for a Agent Orange exam. I did and was told by the Agent Orange Doctor after the exam I had accute exposure but it was not related to my medical conditions. I give up !
AB9WGJohn
August 15, 2011 - 3:01pm
Permalink
My ship, USS Brush DD745, was in Vietnam several times from 1964 through 1967. Duty included gun fire support activities in close to shore Vietnamese waters including "Brown Water areas" affected by Agent Orange
sprayings.
Does anyone have any information as to how to get our ship on the official approved list for claims.
<|endofexample|>
Senate Bill No. 337
(By Senator Minard)
____________
[Introduced January 18, 2012; referred to the Committee on Banking and Insurance; and then to the Committee on Government Organization.]
____________
A BILL to amend and reenact §31A-2-4 of the Code of West Virginia, 1931, as amended, relating to the powers and duties of the Commissioner of Banking; authorizing the Commissioner of Banking to establish relationships or contracts with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry, or other entities designated by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry, to collect and maintain records related to criminal background investigations and fingerprinting for persons subject to this subsection; providing that the Commissioner of Banking may use the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry, or its designated vendor, as a channeling agent for requesting information from and distributing information to the Department of Justice or any governmental agency; providing that the Commissioner of Banking may use the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as a channeling agent for requesting and distributing information to and from any source so directed by the Commissioner; authorizing the Commissioner of Banking to conduct examinations of third-party providers of information technology services to financial institutions; creating a special revenue account to be known as the Consumer Education Fund, which may be expended by the commissioner to promote consumer awareness and understanding of issues related to residential mortgage lending; providing that ten percent of all civil administrative penalties collected by the Division of Banking during each fiscal year shall be deposited into that account, which may be invested and retain all earnings and interest; and providing that at the end of each fiscal year, any remaining balance less than $500,000, including accrued interest, shall remain in the account and that any balance exceeding $500,000 shall revert to the General Revenue Fund.
Be it enacted by the Legislature of West Virginia:
That §31A-2-4 of the Code of West Virginia, 1931, as amended, be amended and reenacted to read as follows:
ARTICLE 2. DIVISION OF BANKING.
§31A-2-4. Jurisdiction of commissioner; powers, etc., of division transferred to commissioner; powers and duties of commissioner.
(a) Subject to the powers vested in the board by article three of this chapter, the commissioner has supervision and jurisdiction over state banks, regulated consumer lenders, residential mortgage lenders and brokers licensed pursuant to article seventeen, chapter thirty-one of this code, credit unions and all other persons now or hereafter made subject to his or her supervision or jurisdiction. All powers, duties, rights and privileges vested in the division are hereby vested in the commissioner. He or she shall be the chief executive officer of the Division of Banking and is responsible for the division's organization, services and personnel and for the orderly and efficient administration, enforcement and execution of the provisions of this chapter and all laws vesting authority or powers in or prescribing duties or functions for the division or the commissioner.
(b) The commissioner shall:
(1) Maintain an office for the division and there keep a complete record of all the division's transactions, of the financial conditions of all financial institutions and records of the activities of other persons as the commissioner considers important. Notwithstanding any other provision of this code, heretofore or hereafter enacted, the records relating to the financial condition of any financial institution and any information contained in the records shall be confidential for the use of the commissioner and authorized personnel of the Division of Banking. No person shall divulge any information contained in any records except as authorized in this subdivision in response to a valid subpoena or subpoena duces tecum issued pursuant to law in a criminal proceeding or in a civil enforcement action brought by the state or federal regulatory authorities. Subpoenas shall first be directed to the commissioner, who shall authorize disclosure of relevant records and information from the records for good cause, upon imposing terms and conditions considered necessary to protect the confidential nature of the records, the financial integrity of the financial institution or the person to which the records relate and the legitimate privacy interests of any individual named in the records. Conformity with federal procedures shall be sought where the institution maintains federal deposit insurance. The commissioner has and may exercise reasonable discretion as to the time, manner and extent the other records in his or her office and the information contained in the records are available for public examination;
(2) Require all financial institutions to comply with all the provisions of this chapter and other applicable laws, or any rule promulgated or order issued thereunder;
(3) Investigate all alleged violations of this chapter and all other laws which he or she is required to enforce and of any rule promulgated or order issued thereunder; and
(4) Require a criminal background investigation, including requiring fingerprints for submission to the Federal Bureau of Investigation or any governmental agency or entity authorized to receive such information for a state, national or international criminal history check, of each: (A) Applicant seeking approval to charter and/or control a state bank, state credit union or a foreign bank state agency or representative office; (B) applicant seeking a license to engage in the business of money transmission, currency exchange or other activity regulated under article two, chapter thirty-two-a of this code; (C) applicant subject to the commissioner's supervision seeking a license to engage in the business of regulated consumer lending, mortgage lending or brokering; and (D) Division of Banking Financial Institutions regulatory employee applicant: Provided, That where the applicant is a company or entity already subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board or other federal bank, thrift or credit union regulator, or is a direct or indirect subsidiary of a company or entity subject to the supervision and regulation, or where the applicant is a company subject to the supervision and regulation of the federal Securities and Exchange Commission whose stock is publicly traded on a registered exchange or through the National Association of Securities Dealers automated quotation system, or the applicant is a direct or indirect subsidiary of such a company, the investigation into criminal background is not required. The provisions of this subdivision are not applicable to applicants seeking interim bank charters organized solely for the purpose of facilitating the acquisition of another bank pursuant to section five, article four of this chapter: Provided, however, That where a nonexempt applicant under this subdivision is not a natural person, the principals of the applicant are subject to the requirements of this subdivision. As used in this subdivision, the term "principals" means the chief executive officer, regardless of title, managing partner if a partnership, members of the organizing group if no chief executive officer has yet been appointed, trustee or other person controlling the conduct of the affairs of a licensee. A person controlling ten percent or more of the stock of any corporate applicant shall be considered to be a principal under this provision. The commissioner may establish relationships or contracts with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry or other entities designated by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry to collect and maintain records related to criminal background investigations and fingerprints of persons subject to this subsection.
.
(B) To reduce the points of contact which the commissioner may have to maintain, the commissioner may use the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as a channeling agent for requesting and distributing information to and from any source so directed by the commissioner.
(c) In addition to all other authority and powers vested in the commissioner by provisions of this chapter and other applicable laws, the commissioner may:
(1) Provide for the organization of the division and the procedures and practices of the division and implement the procedures and practices by the promulgation of rules and forms as appropriate and the rules shall be promulgated in accordance with article three, chapter twenty-nine-a of this code;
(2) Employ, direct, discipline, discharge and establish qualifications and duties for all personnel for the division, including, but not limited to, examiners, assistant examiners, conservators and receivers, establish the amount and condition of bonds for the personnel he or she considers appropriate and pay the premiums on the bonds and, if he or she elects, have all personnel subject to and under the classified service of the state personnel division;
(3) Cooperate with organizations, agencies, committees and other representatives of financial institutions of the state in connection with schools, seminars, conferences and other meetings to improve the responsibilities, services and stability of the financial institutions;
(4) In addition to the examinations required by section six of this article, inspect, examine and audit the books, records, accounts and papers of all financial institutions and any third-party vendor providing information technology services to financial institutions at such times as circumstances in his or her opinion may warrant;
(5) Call for and require any data, reports and information from financial institutions under his or her jurisdiction, at such times and in such form, content and detail considered necessary by him or her in the faithful discharge of his or her duties and responsibilities in the supervision of the financial institutions;
(6) Subject to the powers vested in the board by article three of this chapter, supervise the location, organization, practices and procedures of financial institutions and, without limitation on the general powers of supervision of financial institutions, require financial institutions to:
(A) Maintain their accounts consistent with rules prescribed by the commissioner and in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices;
(B) Observe methods and standards which he or she may prescribe for determining the value of various types of assets;
(C) Charge off the whole or any part of an asset which at the time of his or her action could not lawfully be acquired;
(D) Write down an asset to its market value;
(E) Record or file writings creating or evidencing liens or other interests in property;
(F) Obtain financial statements from prospective and existing borrowers;
(G) Obtain insurance against damage and loss to real estate and personal property taken as security;
(H) Maintain adequate insurance against other risks as he or she may determine to be necessary and appropriate for the protection of depositors and the public;
(I) Maintain an adequate fidelity bond or bonds on its officers and employees;
(J) Take other action that in his or her judgment is required of the institution in order to maintain its stability, integrity and security as required by law and all rules promulgated by him or her; and
(K) Verify any or all asset or liability accounts;
(7) Subject to the powers vested in the board by article three of this chapter, receive from any person or persons and consider any request, petition or application relating to the organization, location, conduct, services, policies and procedures of any financial institution and to act on the request, petition or application in accordance with any provisions of law applicable thereto;
(8) In connection with the investigations required by subdivision (3), subsection (b) of this section, issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum, administer oaths, examine persons under oath, and hold and conduct hearings. Any subpoenas or subpoenas duces tecum shall be issued, served and enforced in the manner provided in section one, article five, chapter twenty-nine-a of this code. Any person appearing and testifying at a hearing may be accompanied by an attorney employed by him or her;
(9) Issue declaratory rulings in accordance with the provisions of section one, article four, chapter twenty-nine-a of this code;
(10) Study and survey the location, size and services of financial institutions, the geographic, industrial, economic and population factors affecting the agricultural, commercial and social life of the state and the needs for reducing, expanding or otherwise modifying the services and facilities of financial institutions in the various parts of the state and compile and keep current data thereon to aid and guide him or her in the administration of the duties of his or her office;
(11) Implement all of the provisions of this chapter, except the provisions of article three of this chapter, and all other laws which he or she is empowered to administer and enforce by the promulgation of rules in accordance with the provisions of article three, chapter twenty-nine-a of this code;
(12) Implement the provisions of chapter forty-six-a of this code applicable to consumer loans and consumer credit sales by the promulgation of rules in accordance with the provisions of article three, chapter twenty-nine-a of this code as long as the rules do not conflict with any rules promulgated by the state's Attorney General;
(13) Foster and encourage a working relationship between the Division of Banking and financial institutions, credit, consumer, mercantile and other commercial and finance groups and interests in the state in order to make current appraisals of the quality, stability and availability of the services and facilities of financial institutions;
(14) Provide to financial institutions and the public copies of the West Virginia statutes relating to financial institutions, suggested drafts of bylaws commonly used by financial institutions and any other forms and printed materials found by him or her to be helpful to financial institutions, their shareholders, depositors and patrons and make reasonable charges for the copies;
(15) Delegate the powers and duties of his or her office, other than the powers and duties excepted in this subdivision, to qualified division personnel who shall act under the direction and supervision of the commissioner and for whose acts he or she is responsible, but the commissioner may delegate to the deputy commissioner of banking and to no other division personnel the following powers, duties and responsibilities, all of which are hereby granted to and vested in the commissioner and for all of which the commissioner also is responsible. The commissioner shall:
(A) Order any person to cease violating any provision or provisions of this chapter or other applicable law or any rule promulgated or order issued thereunder;
(B) Order any person to cease engaging in any unsound practice or procedure which may detrimentally affect any financial institution or depositor of the financial institution;
(C) Revoke the certificate of authority, permit or license of any financial institution except a banking institution in accordance with the provisions of section thirteen of this article; and
(D) Accept an assurance in writing that the person will not in the future engage in the conduct alleged by the commissioner to be unlawful, which could be subject to an order under the provisions of this chapter. This assurance of voluntary compliance shall not be considered an admission of violation for any purpose, except that if a person giving the assurance fails to comply with its terms, the assurance is prima facie evidence that prior to this assurance the person engaged in conduct described in the assurance;
(16) Seek and obtain civil administrative penalties against any person who violates this chapter, the rules issued pursuant to this chapter, or any orders lawfully entered by the commissioner or board of banking and financial institutions in an amount not more than $5,000 per day for each violation: Provided, That all of the pertinent provisions of article five, chapter twenty-nine-a of this code shall apply to any assessment of a penalty under this subsection;
(17) Receive from state banking institutions applications to change the locations of their principal offices and to approve or disapprove these applications;
(18) Expend funds in order to promote consumer awareness and understanding of issues related to residential mortgage lending. In furtherance of this duty, there is established in the State Treasury a special revenue account to be known as the Consumer Education Fund, which shall be administered by the Commissioner of Banking. Ten percent of all civil administrative penalties collected by the Division of Banking during each fiscal year shall be deposited into the fund and may be expended by the commissioner to promote consumer awareness and understanding of issues related to residential mortgage lending. The account shall be a special revenue account, and may be invested and retain all earnings and interest. Any remaining balance less than $500,000, including accrued interest, in the fund at the end of the fiscal year shall not revert to the General Revenue Fund, but shall remain in the account. Any balance which exceeds $500,000 as of June 30, 2012, and each year thereafter, shall revert to the General Revenue Fund; and
(19) Take other action as he or she may consider necessary to enforce and administer the provisions of this chapter, except the provisions of article three of this chapter, and all other laws which he or she is empowered to administer and enforce and apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for appropriate orders, writs, processes and remedies.
__________________
(NOTE: The purpose of this bill is to amend current law which limits the commissioner's ability to collect information pertaining to criminal background checks and fingerprinting for officers and principals of financial institutions to the West Virginia State Police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to allow the commissioner to also utilize the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System as a channeling agent for requesting and distributing such information. It also provides that the Commissioner of Banking's authority to conduct examinations of financial institutions extends to third-party vendors that provide information technology services to those financial institutions. It also creates a special revenue fund to be administered by the Commissioner of Banking consisting of ten percent of all civil administrative penalties collected by the Division of Banking from regulated financial institutions during each fiscal year for use in the promotion of consumer awareness and understanding of issues related to residential mortgage lending.
Strike-throughs indicate language that would be stricken from the present law, and underscoring indicates new language that would be added.)
<|endofexample|>
Senate Bill No. 442
(By Senators Beach and Kessler (Mr. President))
____________
[Introduced January 27, 2012; referred to the Committee on Government Organization; and then to the Committee on Finance.]
____________
A BILL to amend and reenact §11A-1-3 of the Code of West Virginia, 1931, as amended, relating to phasing in, over a four-year period, an increased assessment of real property resulting from property assessments that exceed the previous year’s assessment by fifty percent or more., except for the taxes described in subsection (c) of this section, may be paid in two installments. The first installment shall be is payable on September 1 of the year for which the assessment is made and shall become becomes delinquent on October 1; the second installment shall be is payable on the first day of the following March and shall become becomes delinquent on April 1. Taxes paid on or before the date when they are payable, including both first and second installments, shall be are subject to a discount of two and one-half percent. If taxes are not paid on or before the date on which they become delinquent, including both first and second installments, interest at the rate of nine percent per annum shall be are the same methods utilized for timely filing and payment with such sheriff. Nothing contained in this subsection (b) shall prohibit prohibits the sheriff from establishing additional methods of payment in accordance with the provisions of section eight-a of this article.
(c) All assessments on real property which exceed the previous year’s assessment by fifty percent or more, and which are not attributable to improvements to the property, are to be phased in equal amounts over a four-year period.
(d) The Tax Commissioner shall propose rules for legislative approval in accordance with the provisions of article three, chapter twenty-nine-a of this code to implement subsection (c) of this section.
NOTE: The purpose of this bill is to provide for the phased in of an increase in assessment on real property over a four-year period when the current assessment of the property exceeds the value of the previous year’s assessment by fifty percent or more.
Strike-throughs indicate language that would be stricken from the present law, and underscoring indicates new language that would be added.
<|endofexample|>
- Latest available (Revised)
- Original (As made)
This is the original version (as it was originally made). UK Statutory Instruments are not carried in their revised form on this site.
1.Citation and commencement.
3.Approval by Secretary of State of secure accommodation in a community home.
4.Placement of a child aged under 13 in secure accommodation in a community home.
5.Child to whom section 25 of the Act shall not apply.
6.Detained and remanded children to whom section 25 of the Act shall have effect subject to modifications.
7.Children to whom section 25 of the Act shall apply and have effect subject to modifications.
9.Duty to give information of placement in community homes.
10.Maximum period in secure accommodation without court authority.
11.Maximum initial period of authorisation by a court.
12.Further periods of authorisation by a court.
13.Maximum periods of authorisation by court for remanded children.
14.Duty to inform parents and others in relation to children in secure accommodation in a community home.
15.Appointment of persons to review placement in secure accommodation in a community home.
16.Review of placement in secure accommodation in a community home.
17.Records to be kept in respect of a child in secure accommodation in a community home.
18.Voluntary homes and registered children’s homes not to be used for restricting liberty.
19.Revocation of Secure Accommodation (No. 2) Regulations 1983.
<|endofexample|>
47AA Special provisions for leases, licences and other estates granted for filming projects
(1) A council that proposes to grant a lease, licence or other estate in respect of community land under section 47A in order to allow a filming project to be carried out on community land:(a) that is critical habitat (as defined in section 36A (1)), or(b) that is directly affected by a recovery plan or threat abatement plan, as referred to in section 36B (2), or(c) that is declared to be an area of cultural significance under section 36D (1) because of the presence on the land of any item that the council considers to be of Aboriginal significance,must, in addition to complying with section 47A, notify or advertise the proposal in the manner prescribed by the regulations for the purposes of this section.(2) Despite section 47A (2), a council that is of the opinion that a filming project proposed to be carried out under a lease, licence or other estate granted under section 47A will have a minor impact on the environment and on public amenity may state in the notice of the proposal required by section 47A (2) that submissions in writing may be made to the council concerning the proposal within a period, not less than 7 days, specified in the notice.(3) Regulations may be made for or with respect to guidelines that must be taken into consideration by councils in determining whether to grant a lease, licence or other estate in respect of community land in order to allow a filming project to be carried out on the land.
<|endofexample|>
Main Content Senate Bill 0975 (2012) rss friendly link printer friendly Sponsors John Moolenaar - (primary)Mark Jansen, Roger Kahn, Patrick Colbeck, Michael Green, John Proos, Tonya Schuitmaker, Howard Walker, Darwin Booher, David Hildenbrand, James Marleau, Michael Kowall, Phillip Pavlov, Jack Brandenburg, Arlan Meekhof, Thomas Casperson, Judith Emmons, Joseph Hune, Mike Nofs, David Robertson, Tory Rocca, John Pappageorge, Goeffrey Hansen Categories Health, other; Insurance, health; Labor, benefits; Health facilities, employees; Health, occupations; Torts, liability; Civil procedure, remedies Health; other; religious liberty and conscience protection act; enact to allow health care payers, health facilities, and health providers a right to decline to provide or pay for certain objectionable health care services.-7-12)This document analyzes: SB0975 FLOOR SUMMARY (Date Completed: 12-3-12)This document analyzes: SB0975 History(House actions in lowercase, Senate actions in UPPERCASE) Date JournalAction 2/16/2012SJ 15 Pg. 210REFERRED TO COMMITTEE ON HEALTH POLICY 12/4/2012SJ 75 Pg. 2361REPORTED FAVORABLY WITH SUBSTITUTE S-2 12/4/2012SJ 75 Pg. 2361COMMITTEE RECOMMENDED IMMEDIATE EFFECT 12/4/2012SJ 75 Pg. 2361REFERRED TO COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE WITH SUBSTITUTE S-2 12/6/2012SJ 77 Pg. 2401REPORTED BY COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE FAVORABLY WITH SUBSTITUTE S-3 12/6/2012SJ 77 Pg. 2401SUBSTITUTE S-3 CONCURRED IN 12/6/2012SJ 77 Pg. 2401PLACED ON ORDER OF THIRD READING WITH SUBSTITUTE S-3 12/6/2012SJ 77 Pg. 2403RULES SUSPENDED 12/6/2012SJ 77 Pg. 2403PLACED ON IMMEDIATE PASSAGE 12/6/2012SJ 77 Pg. 2406PASSED ROLL CALL # 833 YEAS 26 NAYS 12 EXCUSED 0 NOT VOTING 0 12/6/2012HJ 79 Pg. 2554received on 12/06/2012 12/6/2012HJ 79 Pg. 2564read a first time 12/6/2012HJ 79 Pg. 2564referred to Committee on Insurance 12/12/2012HJ 81 Pg. 2618reported with recommendation with substitute H-1 12/12/2012HJ 81 Pg. 2618referred to second reading
<|endofexample|>
88K59KBoiler Act of 1965 19K21KBullard-Plawecki Employee Right to Know Act 64K50KCharitable Organizations and Solicitations Act 130K80KCharter Township Act (The) 27K25KChild Abuse and Neglect Prevention Act 67K48KChild Custody Act of 1970 146K95KChild Protection Law 282K200KCondominium Act 291K190KCrime Victim's Rights Act (William Van Regenmorter) 181K361KDivorce Statutes, MCL sec. 552.1-552.45 157K105KDowntown Development Authority 107K67KElectrical Administrative Act 101K75KElliott-Larsen Civil Rights Act 1M825KEstates and Protected Individuals Code 229K135KFire Prevention Code 199K131KFirearms 357K237KFood Law of 2000 54K42KFreedom of Information Act 145K95KFriend of the Court Act 1M753KGeneral Property Tax Act (The) 261K153KGeneral Sales Tax Act 29K58KGrandparent's Visitation, MCL sec. 722.27, 722.27b 377K209KHome Rule city Act (The) 539K340 53K33KLandlord and Tenant Relationships 55K111KMarriage Law, MCL sec 551.1-551.18 269K171KMichigan Campaign Finance Act 83K64KMichigan Consumer Protection Act 2M1MMichigan Election Law 190K143KMichigan Gaming control and Revenue Act 511K397 155K310KNo Fault Auto Insur., MCL sec. 500.3101-500.3179 794K530 133K88KSex Offenders Registration Act 26K26KSHOPPING REFORM AND MODERNIZATION ACT 65K130KSmall Claims Court, MCL 600.8401-600.8427 161K123KState Construction Code Act (Stille-Derossett-Hale Single) 66K50KState Plumbing Act 2M744 2M1MUNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE 191K158KUniform Securities Act 101K77KUniform Unclaimed Property Act (2002) 29K22KUtilization of Public Facilities by Physically Limited 13K15KWhistleblowers' Protection Act 60K42KYouth Employment Standards Act
<|endofexample|>
Main Content House Bill 6168 (1996) rss friendly link printer friendly Sponsor Jan Dolan Categories Property tax, exemptions Property tax; exemptions; property subject to taxation under the development zone act; exempt. Amends sec. 34d of Act 206 of 1893 (MCL 211.34d) & adds sec. 7ff./12/1996HJ 71 Pg. 2011referred to Committee on Tax Policy
<|endofexample|>
Main Content House Bill 4308 (2009) rss friendly link printer friendly Public Act 38 of 2009 (Effective: 6/9/2009) Find this PA in the MCL Sponsor George Cushingberry Categories Appropriations, zero budget; Appropriations, supplemental Appropriations; zero budget; supplemental appropriations; provide for fiscal year 2008-2009.-21-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 Analysis as Passed by the House (05-21-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 Analysis as Passed by the Senate (05-27-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 Analysis as Enrolled (08-31-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 Analysis as Enacted (10-02-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 Senate Fiscal Analysis COMMITTEE SUMMARY (5-26-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 FLOOR SUMMARY (5-26-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 SUMMARY AS ENROLLED (6-9-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 SUMMARY AS ENACTED (7-30-09)This document analyzes: HB4308 History(House actions in lowercase, Senate actions in UPPERCASE) Date JournalAction 2/17/2009HJ 10 Pg. 138introduced by Representative George Cushingberry 2/17/2009HJ 10 Pg. 138read a first time 2/17/2009HJ 10 Pg. 138referred to Committee on Appropriations 2/18/2009HJ 11 Pg. 159printed bill filed 02/18/2009 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 944reported with recommendation with substitute H-2 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 944referred to second reading 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945read a second time 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945substitute H-2 adopted and amended 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945placed on third reading 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945placed on immediate passage 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945read a third time 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945passed; given immediate effect Roll Call # 255 Yeas 81 Nays 27 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945title amended 5/21/2009HJ 45 Pg. 945transmitted 5/26/2009SJ 44 Pg. 818REFERRED TO COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 833REPORTED FAVORABLY WITH SUBSTITUTE S-1 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 833COMMITTEE RECOMMENDED IMMEDIATE EFFECT 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 833REFERRED TO COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE WITH SUBSTITUTE S-1 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 824REPORTED BY COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE FAVORABLY WITH SUBSTITUTE S-1 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 824SUBSTITUTE S-1 CONCURRED IN 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 824PLACED ON ORDER OF THIRD READING WITH SUBSTITUTE S-1 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 824RULES SUSPENDED 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 824PLACED ON IMMEDIATE PASSAGE 5/27/2009SJ 45 Pg. 827PASSED; GIVEN IMMEDIATE EFFECT ROLL CALL # 210 YEAS 32 NAYS 4 EXCUSED 1 NOT VOTING 0 5/27/2009HJ 47 Pg. 975returned from Senate with substitute S-1 with immediate effect and title amendment 5/27/2009HJ 47 Pg. 975laid over one day under the rules 6/3/2009HJ 50 Pg. 1009amended 6/3/2009HJ 50 Pg. 1009Senate substitute S-1 concurred in as amended 6/3/2009HJ 50 Pg. 1009 Roll Call # 275 Yeas 93 Nays 15 6/3/2009HJ 50 Pg. 1009title amendment agreed to 6/3/2009HJ 50 Pg. 1009retransmitted 6/4/2009SJ 48 Pg. 865RETURNED FROM HOUSE WITH AMENDMENT(S) TO SENATE SUBSTITUTE S-1 6/4/2009SJ 48 Pg. 865HOUSE AMENDMENT(S) TO SENATE SUBSTITUTE S-1 CONCURRED IN 6/4/2009SJ 48 Pg. 865 ROLL CALL # 219 YEAS 32 NAYS 5 EXCUSED 0 NOT VOTING 0 6/4/2009HJ 51 Pg. 1023re-returned from Senate with concurrence to House amendment(s) to Senate substitute S-1 6/4/2009HJ 51 Pg. 1023bill ordered enrolled 6/9/2009HJ 52 Pg. 1035presented to the Governor 6/5/2009 @ 1:16 PM 6/10/2009HJ 53 Pg. 1065approved by the Governor 6/9/2009 @ 4:30 PM 6/10/2009HJ 53 Pg. 1065filed with Secretary of State 6/9/2009 @ 4:35 PM 6/10/2009HJ 53 Pg. 1065assigned PA 38'09 with immediate effect
<|endofexample|>
Main Content Section 49.155 friendly link Printer Friendly Revised Statutes of 1846 (EXCERPT)PROSECUTING ATTORNEY.49.155 Opinions of prosecuting attorney or county corporation counsel. Sec. 55. The prosecuting attorney, or county corporation counsel in a county which has employed an attorney in lieu of the prosecuting attorney to represent the county in civil matters, shall give opinions, in cases where this state, a county, or a county officer may be a party or interested, when required by a civil officer in the discharge of the officer's respective official duties relating to an interest of the state or county. History: R.S. 1846, Ch. 14 ;-- CL 1857, 395 ;-- CL 1871, 531 ;-- How. 553 ;-- CL 1897, 2558 ;-- CL 1915, 2407 ;-- CL 1929, 1288 ;-- CL 1948, 49.155 ;-- Am. 1978, Act 535, Imd. Eff. Dec. 21, 1978 Compiler's Notes: The above section as originally enacted was numbered section 56. © 2009 Legislative Council, State of Michigan
<|endofexample|>
Legit Editorial Reviews
Dream Machine: Kentsfield + 8800GTX SLI + 680i SLI the X6800 CPU at stock speeds we were left a little flat with the overall 3D mark score of 13,326 considering a single 8800 GTX is pulling mid 10,000. Notice just how big of a leap the 8800 GTX is over the X1950XTX, the single card is less than 300 points lower than CrossFire! Overclocking the CPU however really brought the 8800 GTX's to life! These things will take every CPU MHz you can give them. A 2615 point increase just from the CPU alone.
With the CPU speed increased we see a huge gain of 1361 points in SM 2.0. The single 8800 GTX is actually faster in the SM 2.0 tests than the X1950XTX CrossFire!
In SM 3.0 the change wasn't as dramatic but a still impressive 970 point jump by increasing the CPU speed.
Next Page - Final Thoughts and Conclusions
Socialize
<|endofexample|>
The Central Catholic High School boys basketball team has been looking to develop consistency, especially on the road, while Freedom is just looking to get on track after a slow start to the season.
The Vikings came up with a signature road win with a fast start and an even stronger finish to defeat the Patriots 62-42 in a Lehigh Valley Conference contest on tonight at Freedom High School.
The Patriots nearly overcame a 17-point halftime deficit with a strong third quarter to pull within 40-34 heading into the final period, but junior guard Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman scored 11 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter to help Central Catholic pull away.
"Everybody played hard and played as a team," Abdur-Rahkman said. "Rebounding was key to the game, and we came out rebounding and stuck it to them first."
The Vikings (8-2 overall, 2-2 LVC) used an early 6-0 run and later a 9-0 run to take a 22-11 lead with 7:05 remaining in the second quarter.
Central Catholic applied plenty of pressure on defense, forcing Freedom into 11 turnovers and 21.4 percent (6-for-28) shooting from the field, as it took a 32-15 lead into halftime.
It wasn't the start that the Patriots (4-5, 1-3) were looking for as they battle for position in the league.
"There's no excuse to coming out as flat as we did," coach Joe Stellato said. "Getting yourself in a hole like that, it's so difficult to come back in the game."
But the Patriots came out with better intensity and took care of the ball in the third quarter, turning the ball over just twice.
Senior forward Nyreef Jackson (14 points) and senior guard Maceo Connor (six points, seven rebounds, five assists) sparked a furious Freedom rally.
The Patriots finished the quarter on a 13-3 run, including an offensive rebound and buzzer-beating layup by senior forward Derike Chiclana, to cut the deficit to 40-34.
Freedom had all of the momentum, but missed a pair of free throws with 1:45 left in the third quarter and two more at the start of the fourth that could have drawn the game closer.
The Patriots were just 2 of 13 from the stripe in the second half, including 2-for-10 in the fourth, which allowed the Vikings to pull away.
Chiclana made a layup, but missed a chance at a 3-point play, to cut it to 45-38 with 5:08 to play. Central Catholic responded with a 9-2 run, which was capped by a three-point play by Jean Lee Baez with 2:27 remaining, to put the game out of reach at 54-40.
"You work so hard to get back into it, and then you can't make foul shots to get over the top," Stellato said. "It is disappointing that we are playing a league opponent in a must-win situation for us and we come out flat like that. It's really, really disappointing as a coach."
Central Catholic coach Dennis Csencsits spoke to his team at halftime about Freedom making a strong second half run, and was happy with how they responded.
"I was pleased with that," he said. "We showed a lot of growth as a basketball team tonight to be able to do that on the road. I thought we ran better half-court offense than we've been running (this season), and got some real quality looks at the basket."
The Vikings got 17 points from Baez, a 6-5 junior center, while Brian McCarthy and Michael Kammerer added seven points apiece.
"We talked about coming in here that this is always a tough place to play," Csencsits said. "They got a very good basketball team. I thought that we handled their runs pretty well. We keep saying that if you're going to win in this league on the road, you've got to defend and you got to rebound. I thought that we set a tone for that early in the game."
<|endofexample|>
gauge is the systolic pressure. When the sound stops, the number is the diastolic pressure.
In general, a health care provider needs to take three separate abnormal blood pressure readings, done at least 1 week apart, to make a diagnosis of hypertension.
Guidelines for measuring blood pressure
Blood pressure readings can be inaccurate if the cuff does not fit properly or the patient has just exercised. In addition, some drinks can affect their blood pressure at home or use an ambulatory blood pressure monitor. In many cases, people who believe they just have white-coat hypertension also have high blood pressure at other times away from the doctor's office.
<|endofexample|>
Miami Beach Police Department Sergeant Manuel Moraga has won his job back after being fired last year. An arbitrator has ruled that Moraga should get his job back along with all of his back pay. The city had fired Moraga for being “negligent” during the July 4th weekend last year, when officers under him were drinking on duty and partying with a bachelorette party. One of the officers was then involved in a crash on the beach on an ATV while riding the bride to be on it. For up-to-date news accounts of this story, photos, videos and to post comments, please access the links below:
Miami Beach Police Department Message Board
12/12/2012 - Miami Beach sergeant wins job back
<|endofexample|>
Talking to Dani prior to their session, she told me that she loved the unplanned moments captured in an image. I feel the same. I read a quote once by William Albert Allard in “The Photographic Essay” – “I think the best pictures are often on the edges of any situation, I don’t find photographing the situation nearly as interesting as photographing the edges.” Those moments on the “edge” are exactly what I find compelling and genuine. They come together breathing life, personality, laughter, love, and tenderness into a session.
I adore this session in part because Van, Dani and family are pretty amazing inside and out, but also because of the “edges of the situation.” They shine through so sweetly and display so beautifully<<
<|endofexample|>
end of land tour
We’ve seen and done some wonderful things… all prior to boarding the ship for the cruise portion of our trip. The final day and night were spent in at The Hotel Alyeska in Girdwood, surprisingly, one of the few ski resorts in Alaska.
Upon viewing the map of ski trails, I’ve never seen so many black double-diamond runs in one place before!
The best thing I did that last day?
I flew to the top of Punchbowl Glacier, in a helicopter, to visit a team of Iditarod dogs, trainers, and mushers. These dogs belong to the Seavey family. Twenty-five year old, Dallas Seavey, was last year’s winner, the youngest person to ever win the famous race.
Right there, on the glacier, we were actually able to “mush” a team of dogs! It is on the tops of glaciers that the dogs and trainers live for about 100 days each summer to get ready for the yearly world famous sled race.
The internet connection here is spotty, at best, so I’ll leave you with this majestic image.
photo credit: Erik Roper
I want to do all these things!
How fantastic! Enjoy your cruise!
You are the luckiest women on the planet! Alaska, Wisconson, San Francisco all in one summer….and a husband and children who adore you!
<|endofexample|>
Nick Kuhl
Lethbridge Herald
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
As Kristie Moore's Grande Prairie rink quickly switches focus to the Canadian finals next month, organizers on the local front are already lauding the host job its committee completed for the 2013 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
Moore beat Renee Sonnenberg 8-7 in 11 ends to claim the provincial championship Sunday afternoon at the Lethbridge Curling Club, bringing to a close the five-day women's tournament.
Dave Manser, Lethbridge Curling Club general manager, said the final was the ideal way to wrap things up.
"That game really summed up the whole week," he said.
"There was amazing games, last-rock wins - nothing more you can ask for in an event. It was just great curling."
Organizers had to close the curling club down for four days prior to the event in order to prepare the ice and set up the bleachers and corporate boxes.
Manser said the amount of work that goes into hosting an tournament like the Scotties is vast - but worth it.
"It's been a long couple of years with hosting all these events, but it's great to do it," he said.
"Everybody seemed to be happy and they had a great time."
Final attendance numbers weren't immediately available on Sunday evening, but Manser said he was "pretty happy" with the turnout.
-
<|endofexample|>
Despite the weak economy and shaky credit markets, Ballpark Village is still moving forward, Cardinals President Bill DeWitt III told the St. Louis Council of Construction Consumers Thursday.
Site work on the $320 million first phase of the long-awaited project will begin early next year, and the Cardinals and co-developer Cordish Co. are seeking approval for a $100 million tax increment financing bond to be issued in March. Once that happens, construction will start in earnest, DeWitt said.
"We're moving down the path," he said. "We're committed to the project."
DeWitt acknowledged that the volatile credit market had raised some questions about Ballpark Village. But he said he was confident that bond markets will improve by March. "We remain very optimistic," he said. "If some semblance of normalcy comes to the market and the range of volatility in the bond markets, we'll be in great shape."
The Cardinals and Cordish are due to present a site plan Nov. 6 to the Missouri Downtown Economic Stimulus Authority, one of several agencies that must approve public funding for the project. They designed a new site plan after deciding to put off condominiums until phase two because of the weak housing market.
DeWitt gave a preview to the council, showing off the 20-story office building and entertainment district he hopes to build just north of Busch Stadium. The developers have lease agreements on 80 percent of the space in the first phase of Ballpark Village, contingent on March's bond sale, he said.
<|endofexample|>
Eismann wrote:Dress socks that fall down.
Buy some light-compression support socks, like people wear for varicose veins. I’m a fat guy with fat calves, and my over-the-calf dress socks would always fall down, usually because they only have a narrow band of elastic at the top that quickly stretches out. Support socks are elastic from top to bottom and are designed specifically to grip onto the leg and stay in place. You can buy ones that look just like dress socks in colors like black, blue, and brown. Even the light-compression ones grip firmly. I even asked my doctor if it’s okay to wear them when I don’t need them, and he said that not only would do no harm, it might even help my legs feel less tired if I spend a lot of time standing. Also, I’ve been wearing these for years now, and I’ve never had a pair wear out or get any holes. It’s like they’re made of Kevlar. The only problem I have with them is that I’d like some in olive green, but I can’t find any in that particular color.
<|endofexample|>
Cooking with Mahia: Linguini with Fresh Tomato Anchovy Sauce Recipe
Posted on 8th of November, 2012 by Lévana
Tinkering with the Wonderful Mahia by Nahmias and Sons
This sauce has so much going for it you have no cooking to do. All aboard in a food processor, simple as that! Please note I have not listed any salt in the ingredients list, as the anchovies and capers have enough salt to season the whole dish. Tomatoes, mint, anchovies, Mahia: How can you go wrong?
This sauce is too good to be used only on pasta. Try it on grilled fish, rice and steamed vegetables as well.
Sauce:
6 large cloves garlic
A dozen plum tomatoes, halved
1 bunch flat parsley, stems and leaves (1/2 cup packed)
1 bunch mint, leaves only (1/3 cup packed)
2 cans oil-packed flat anchovies (about 1/3 cup), drained and rinsed
¼ cup capers, rinsed
3 tablespoons paprika
Good pinch red pepper flakes, a little more if you like more kick
Freshly ground pepper to taste
½ cup extra virgin olive oil
¼ cup Mahia
1 pound linguini or other pasta of your choice, including gluten-free, boiled al dente and drained, ½ cup cooking liquid reserved
Instructions:
In a food processor, finely grind the garlic. Add all remaining sauce ingredients, in batches if necessary, and process until fine but not totally puréed: the sauce should retain good texture. (You might end up with a little more sauce than you need to toss in the pasta; in this case save the unused sauce for later uses, as suggested in the recipe introduction).
Toss the sauce with the pasta while still very hot. Mix in some of the reserved cooking liquid if the sauce needs a little thinning. Adjust the seasonings, and serve hot. Yields 4 main-course servings, or 8 first-course servings.
Levana Cooks on Facebok
Levana Cooks on Twitter
Levana Cooks on Pintrest
Levana Cooks on YouTube
<|endofexample|>
Lex).
This opt-out policy only applies to personal information that is available through LexisNexis-owned databases. Please note opting-out of our databases will not prevent other companies or public record agencies from collecting or disseminating your personal information.
Documentation Required for Opt-Out Request
Each opt-out request must include documentation substantiating the risk of physical harm or the individual's status as an identity theft victim or as a person otherwise meeting the above criteria. LexisNexis reserves the right to determine in its sole reasonable discretion what documentation meets the above criteria. If your opt-out request is not approved we will promptly inform you about that determination.
All opt-out requests may be submitted using the online form at the link below. If the supporting documentation cannot be uploaded, individuals may submit their requests online, but also must email or mail the supporting documents to this address:
LexisNexis Opt-Out
PO Box 933
Dayton, OH 45401
CLICK HERE to submit your opt-out request as set forth above.
PLEASE NOTE: Information submitted to LexisNexis as part of a request to opt-out as set forth in this policy will be used solely in fulfilling the request and for no other purposes. Please also note that implementation of an opt-out request will require a reasonable amount of time. Our services process a high volume of new data inputs every month. If after implementation of an opt-out request for you, we inadvertently include any data about you in a manner inconsistent with the above policy, please contact us promptly by email at privacy.information.mgr@lexisnexis.com so that we can investigate and address what has occurred.
Updated July 28, 2011.
For more information on LexisNexis
LexisNexis Privacy Information Manager
PO Box 933
Dayton, Ohio 45401
1-800-831-2578
<|endofexample|>
- 
- NITA Case Files & Problems - Civil - Contracts - Defense Witnesses - 0
Shop by Jurisdiction
Shop by Practice Area
Shop Products
View ALM Products
NITA Case Files & Problems - Civil - Contracts - Defense Witnesses - 0 Category
Nita City Housing Authority v. Johnson, Second Edition with CD-ROM, Case File.
$35.00
- «Prev
- 1
The item you are trying to order is restricted to a quantity of 1 per order. Please complete the current order and place a new order for additional copy.
We are currently experiencing difficulties in adding this product to the cart. Please contact customer support at 1-800-543-6862 for assistance. You may continue to shop for other products in the store.
- Contact a Sales Person: (877) 394-8826
Feedback
- Worldwide Shops
- LexisNexis on Twitter
- LexisNexis on Facebook
<|endofexample|>
The U.S. Embassy in Mexico City has announced that, as of July 1, 2012, individuals seeking to renew their visas at the embassy and consulates in Mexico no longer must attend a visa interview appointment, as long as their current visas are still valid or expired within the past 48 months. Previously, only those whose visas had expired within the past 12 months were exempt from interview.
Note that even those applicants who are exempt from interview under the new policy must still attend an appointment at the Applicant Service Center ("ASC") for biometrics and fingerprinting. Additional details and qualification requirements may be be found at the websites of the embassy and each consulate, including this link for the consulate general in Cd. Juarez.
<|endofexample|>
Search results
Order by most recent / most popular / relevance
Results: 1-4 of 4
High burden of proof where concerted copying is alleged
- McDermott Will & Emery
- -
- United Kingdom
- -
- November 29 2011”
High Court of England and Wales rules on threats and jurisdiction in declaration for non-infringement
- McDermott Will & Emery
- -
- United Kingdom
- -
- April 30 2012
In Samsung Electronics (UK) Ltd and others v Apple Inc 2012 EWHC 889 (Ch), the High Court of England and Wales considered several preliminary issues in a case involving Apple’s registered Community design for a tablet computer
Registered community designs can infringe earlier registered community designs
- McDermott Will & Emery
- -
- European Union
- -
- March 30 2012 European General Court decides only visible parts determine overall impression
- McDermott Will & Emery
- -
- European Union
- -
- November 3 2011
Current Search
Suggested Facets
Author
- Alexander Harguth (1)
- Boris Uphoff (4)
- Dr. Thomas Hauss (2)
- Francesco Mattina (3)
- Hiroshi Sheraton (4)
- Rohan Massey (4)
<|endofexample|>
Search results
Order by most recent / most popular / relevance
Results: 1-1 of 1
PPP in Europe
-
- -
- November 12 2010
CMS has published its third-edition PPP in Europe - a Guide exploring and explaining the PPP landscape across 21 European jurisdictions and offering insights into the macro-economic and political conditions in each country, as well as the national legal system and, in particular, laws applicable to PPP projects
Current Search
- Jurisdiction - Czech Republic
- Jurisdiction - France
- Jurisdiction - Italy
- Jurisdiction - Romania
- Jurisdiction - Russia
- Workarea - Projects & Procurement
- Author - Frank Dufficy
- Firm Name - CMS
<|endofexample|>
LGBT History Month takes place in Scotland every February. It is an opportunity to celebrate LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) lives and culture by exploring our own and others’ histories in an LGBT context. It is also an opportunity for learning, discussion and debate around the continued fight for LGBT liberation.
Every year a range of arts, cultural and educational events take place across the country. LGBT History Month is for everyone; individuals, community groups, organisations, service providers, LGBT and non-LGBT people. We’re here to help you get involved, whether you want to run your own event, find out what’s on in your area, or generally just find out more about LGBT history and culture.
LGBT History Month Scotland is a project delivered by LGBT Youth Scotland. To find out more about the work that LGBT Youth Scotland does to support young LGBT people, visit.
A guest blog by Marion Innes of East Ayrshire Women's Aid (thanks Marion!): I read everything and anything. I'm always on the look-out for something new, something that challenges my perceptions, my beliefs my… more >
<|endofexample|>
1. Lightly stuff the sweatshirt with newspaper, and place it on a hanger.
2. Drape the tubing around the sweatshirt, hot-gluing the tubing every couple inches where it touches fabric.Hat What You Need:
1. Scoop a rounded bowl shape opening out of the bottom of the plastic foam ball. Place the cap in the hollowed-out base to test the fit. Make any needed adjustments by compressing the plastic foam with your fingertips.
2. Cover the round part of the ball with Model Magic. Make an irregular bumpy finish by pinching the compounds with your fingertips.
3. When the clay has dried, use the acrylic paint to give the meatball dark and light accents.
4. When the paint dries, fill the hollowed-out section with glue and push the top of the hat into the glue.
5. Glue tubing scraps around the base of the meatball.
<|endofexample|>
similiarities.
The LGBTQ Supporter Program, as part of Safe Zone, is a program for those in the first two steps of ally development - awareness and knowledge. To become part of the LGBTQ Supporter Program, you should complete the online training program, which can be accessed from this page. The training program should take approximately one hour. Once you have completed the program, you can choose to receive a certificate and a logo to display. You may also then decide to apply for our Safe Zone Ally Program, which focuses on the development of the final two steps - skills and action.
If you would like to take part in our LGBTQ Supporter Program, please click here.
<|endofexample|>
Unique.
Creative Space's access of 5.25" open to the left or right side of the chassis, and there are two internal 3.5" HDDs space. With the slide-out motherboard tray design, user can easy install the system in this tiny chassis. PC-V350 is compact, but it would be your powerful entertainment.
<PREV
<PREV
<|endofexample|>
I absolutely agree. I cannot stand the commercials. I don't need the 70+
channels I now have, let alone another hundred. Sheesh!
About all I watch on TV anymore is I Love Lucy, etc. on Nick@Nite - over a
bit o'dinner or while heavily into a Javascript project.
Okay, well, sometimes Jeopardy as well, but it's so full of ads, it's
unbelievable!
Even PBS is going the same route!
8^(
Rick
ps. I am interested in digital delivery, though. Analog cable picture
quality sucks!
<|endofexample|>
Searching Books & More : *
OneSearch
Books & More
Google Scholar
OhioLINK
Journal Titles
Library Web Site
3 results found in Books & More
An abridgement of Murray's English grammar with an appendix, containing exercises in orthography, in parsing, in syntax, and in punctuation : designed for the younger classes of learners
Published:Washington City : D. Rapine, 1818
Format:Microform, Microfiche
Availability:
Retrieving Holdings Information
English grammar adapted to the different classes of learners : with an appendix, containing rules and observations, for assisting the more advanced students to write with perspicuity and accuracy
Published:Washington : William Cooper ; Georgetown : Joseph Milligan, 1813 ([Washington] : W. Cooper)
Format:Microform, Microfiche
Availability:
Retrieving Holdings Information
Introduction to the English reader, or, A selection of pieces in prose and poetry calculated to improve the younger classes of learners in reading, and to imbue their minds with the love of virtue : with rules and observations for assisting children to read with propriety
Published:Georgetown, D.C. : Joseph Milligan, 1812
Format:Microform, Microfiche
Availability:
Retrieving Holdings Information
<|endofexample|>
Articles
Books & More
Ask a question
Offline? Send us an email or see our other contact options.
Iowa City Town and Campus Scenes
11,000 images of the UI campus and its surrounding community, ca. 1830s-1980s
University Communication and Marketing Photos
52,000 images telling the stories of the UI’s students, staff and faculty
African American Women in Iowa
Photos, clipping, scrapbooks and more documenting the experience of African American women
From our blogs...
UI Libraries News
Transitions: Scholarly Communication News for the UI Community
Transitions: Scholarly Communication News
Featured Resources & Services
Learning CommonsThe Learning Commons will be a tech-infused comfortable study space and one-stop academic help center…with good coffee! The project is a collaboration of the Provosts Office, UI Libraries and ITS to create an... More...
Global Commodities: Trade, Exploration, and Cultural ExchangeGlobal Commodities: The story of 15 different commodities, from chocolate to oil to wine, is told in this new database by Adam Matthew. Each commodity is documented through a wide... More...
Afro-American Imprints, 1535-1922: From the Library Company of PhiladelphiaCreated from the Library Company’s acclaimed Afro-Americana Collection—an accumulation that began with Benjamin Franklin and steadily increased throughout its entire history—this unique online resource will provide researchers with more than... More...
<|endofexample|>
Researchers and provosts make the case for open access
March 5, 2012
The many real and prospective constraints on broad and affordable access to published scholarship recently spurred a grassroots effort to push back against the business practices of the world’s largest scientific journal publisher, and prompted a strong statement by a group of chief academic officers.
<|endofexample|>
On this day in 1862: Private D.L. Day, Co. B, 25th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, writes in his diary at Hatteras Inlet: “A schooner came alongside today and left us rations of steamed pork, hardtack and condensed sea water. This was a very timely arrival as we have been very short of water for two or [...]
<|endofexample|>
Teresa Chapa
Librarian for Latin America, Iberia and Latina/o Studies
tchapa@unc.edu
Davis Reference Desk
(919)962-1151
AIM: DavisRefDesk
Introduction to Library Research
Citing Information Tutorial.
Use this Map to find books in Davis Reference.
Use this Location Guide to find books in Davis.
How Do I? Cite Sources? Conduct a Literature Review, etc.?
Can't find the article, book, or report you need at our library? You can request it from another library through interlibrary loan.
Can't find the article, book, or report you need at our library? You can request it from another library through interlibrary loan.
Catalog | Advanced Search | New Books | Classic Catalog | Search TRLN | WorldCat
Academic Search Premier
Abstracts & references for articles from more than 1,500 scholarly, trade & general publications, & references for The NY Times.
ISI Citation Databases (Web of Science)
Provides access to the Science Citation Index Expanded(TM), Social Sciences Citation Index(R), and Arts & Humanities Citation Index(R).
JSTOR
JSTOR provides an image archive of important scholarly journal literature in nearly all the humanities and social sciences disciplines, international and foreign areas studies, and many of the sciences.
Project Muse
Provides access to the full text of more than 40 journals in the humanities, social sciences, and mathematics published by The Johns Hopkins University Press.
Literature Resource Center
LRC contains the text of the Dictionary of Literary Biography, as well as selected critical excerpts or full text articles from various sets of literary criticism. It is possible excellent illustrative material not available in the electronic version
MLA International Bibliography
A major index for literary criticism, linguistics, folklore and cultural studies.
Handbook of Latin American Studies
Indexes Latin American topics in the humanities and social sciences, 1935 - present.
HAPI (Hispanic American Periodicals Index)
Not limited to just literary journals, HAPI indexes a variety of subject areas. Indexing from 1970 - present.
Sabin Americana: 1500-1926
An online collection of books, pamphlets, serials and other works about the Americas, from the time of their discovery to the early 1900s.
More Article Databases | How Do I Find Articles? | How Do I Find an Article if it is not Full-Text? | How Do I Distinguish Different Types of Journals?
Film Finder
Search for films at the Media Resource Center (basement of Undergraduate Library) by country, title, release year, director, description, or genre.
The Institute for the Study of the Americas Film Collection
The Institute for the Study of the Americas houses a collection of videos/DVDs and resource materials.
Latin American Newstand
Latin American Newsstand provides full-text content in Spanish, Portuguese, and English from 41 newspapers from Puerto Rico and 11 Latin American countries, including Mexico, Argentina, and Brazil.
The Cambridge History of Latin American Literature
Encyclopedia of Latin American and Caribbean Literature, 1900-2003
Encyclopedia of Latin American Literature [electronic resource]
Encyclopedia of Literary Critics and Criticism
Literary Cultures of Latin America: A Comparative History
Encyclopedia of Contemporary Latin American and Caribbean Cultures
Encyclopedia of Caribbean Literature
Encyclopedia of Diasporas: Immigrant and Refugee Cultures Around the World
LANIC (Latin American Network Information Center)
Containing over 12,000 unique URLs, LANIC is one of the largest guides for Latin American content on the Internet. Maintained at the University of Texas at Austin.
<|endofexample|>
Home > Browse Stories > Ernest (Ernie) Quiroga
No Categories available for this record.
War & Locale: World War II -- European Theater
Date of Birth:
03-02-1927
Interviewed by:
William Luna
Military Unit:
Army
No photos available for this record.
By Melissa Drosjack
As an Army entertainer, Ernie Quiroga had a very special audience during World War II – people liberated from concentration camps.
"I entertained persons that were in concentration camps and I always wondered why they were always in a daze," Quiroga said. "You couldn't tell too much, because they were in a daze."
Quiroga recalls playing his accordion, trying to aid their recovery.
"I was playing my accordion and one number that I played was a typical Mexican song -- Besame Mucho," Quiroga said. "They were still in a daze."
Survivors included Polish and Russian prisoners, he says.
"They were very silent in a stupor way," Quiroga recalled. "They had just been freed by U.S.A. troops. They were still in a trance, still recuperating from those long years in the concentration camps."
Quiroga played his accordion for the survivors in their bunkers. He recalls them being in bad shape; they’d been starved.
Quiroga was born in Dallas, Texas, on March 2, 1927, and moved several times. The family, which included six children, went from Dallas to Chicago, winding up in San Antonio, Texas, when Quiroga was of high school age. He remembers the day he was drafted: April 19, 1945.
He went to Little Rock, Ark., for basic infantry training. His records indicated he was a musician, so he was placed in a company of entertainers.
"We were all entertainers, in one way or another," Quiroga said.
Although only 18, he was shipped to Germany along with occupation services.
Quiroga says being the only Latino in 2nd Special Service Company, 3rd Army (unattached) wasn’t an issue and he was treated well.
With his accordion, he was able to travel within Germany, although he was always entertaining the troops and concentration camp survivors with the band.
"I didn't see too much, but we were always traveling," Quiroga said.
"That was during December, 1945, and I remember we were stationed in the hotel and we would open up our window and see the mountain peaks."
Quiroga was discharged in 1946 at the rank of Technician Fifth Class. He came back to the U.S. on a boat to New York, and then returned to Chicago.
Quiroga continued his musical career, attending the Chicago Musical Conservatory for two years and playing with different groups on weekends. He says he knew all the famous Latino music stars of the time.
While working in his father's printing business, Quiroga continued to do musical gigs on the side. He eventually took over the Monterey Press, Imprenta Printing shop.
Quiroga married Beatrice Larios in 1947 and the couple had four sons. Beatrice died March 29, 2000.
Quiroga says it’s important for his grandchildren and other youth "to awaken" and understand the importance of WWII and "what has transpired."
"I think our youth is interested in finding their heritage," Quiroga said.
Mr. Quiroga was interviewed in Chicago, Illinois, on August 1, 2002, by William Luna.
<|endofexample|>
Staff
at the University of Waterloo Library are busy implementing a new RFID
security system. These security systems will be installed at the Dana Porter
and Davis Centre Libraries over the next two years. Once implemented, you
will no longer need to have your book bags checked for library materials
by the attendant stationed near the exit of both libraries. [full
article - RFID Security]
In 2004, the Library and Dr. Kenneth McLaughlin jointly received a grant from the J. W. Graham Information Technology Trust Fund. This grant has supported Dr. McLaughlin’s work in researching the history of computing and information technology achievements at UW. As part of this project, a series of oral history interviews were conducted with key members associated with UW’s history of computing and technology transfer. Text and audio excerpts from these interviews are available on the Unbundling Computing History web site created as part of the project. [full article - Technology Transfer]
Need research help? Contact your department's Liaison Librarian. The revised UW Liaison/Specialist Librarians web page provides access to the librarians':
Let
the UW Library help you with your term paper and thesis research. [full
article - Research]
Repère is a new research database providing access to a comprehensive index of articles published in a broad scope of French language periodicals covering all fields of general and specialized knowledge. Created by the National Library of Quebec (BNQ) and Services Documentaires Multimédia (SDM), Repère's searchable database includes over 410,000 periodical citations and 21,000 full text articles, plus open-access to over 10,000 articles available on the Internet from 1980 to the present. [full article - Repère]
The second edition of The Waterloo Directory of English Newspapers and Periodicals: 1800-1900 provides online access to information about approximately 50,000 newspapers and periodicals published in England between January 1, 1800 and December 31, 1900. This database consolidates information from over 6,000 secondary sources, including scholarly resources for press historians and innumerable reference works on the history of Great Britain. Additionally, the directory includes digital images of title pages for 9,000 Victorian periodicals. [full article - Waterloo Directory]
The web site for the Waterloo Centre for German Studies hosts links to current events, conferences, and research information pertaining to all aspects of German language, culture, and heritage.
The site also provides a link to the Library's Subject Guide containing German Studies information sources, research tools, and German heritage documents housed in the Special Collections Department.
Founded by the University Senate in 2004, the Waterloo Centre for German Studies is directed by Professor David G. John. The Centre works closely with various academic departments, including Germanic and Slavic Studies, History, and the Library’s Special Collections Department, in addition to having a Research Advisory Group consisting of local and global academic faculty and staff.
<|endofexample|>
Facebook Marketing 2012 review #fbkm12
July 19th, 2012 by Lloyd Gofton
â€ª.
Tags: F-commerce, facebook, Facebook marketing, Nokia, social marketing, Social media, Yorkshire Tea
<|endofexample|>
libertyserve.com: The Leading Liberty Serve Site on the Net libertyserve.com has been connecting our visitors with providers of Computer Networking, Dedicated Web Servers, Email Domain Hosting and many other related services for nearly 10 years. Join thousands of satisfied visitors who found Ftp Hosts, Ftp Servers, Host, Internet Servers, and Linux Servers.
<|endofexample|>
Do you need to find a few relevant articles for your research paper? Try Searchlight! Just enter
your search term, and Searchlight will search across multiple major databases at once. To get
started, follow the new "Find articles with Searchlight" link from the Libraries main page.
For more information on Searchlight, click
here.
<|endofexample|>
WVU Offers Technology to DisabledPosted by btoren@wvu-ad.wvu.edu.
April 15th, 2000
More workstations on both campuses may be on the way
By SAM WILKINSON
DA
STAFF WRITER
Computers at West Virginia University are a fact of life. Almost everyone must use them, be it to type papers or get assignments online.
To aid disabled students at WVU, Carol Kann, a Technology Education doctoral candidate, coordinated an effort at the university to offer hardware, software, training and ongoing support to students in need.
“We have the technology at WVU for disabled students,” Kann said. “We just need to get the word out about the fact that these machines are here.”
The technology being implemented will help individuals with vision, hearing, mobility and speech impairments, as well as those with learning disabilities and other disabilities.
The workstations, currently at both Colson Library on the downtown campus and Allen Hall on the Evansdale Campus, feature monitors that can be raised and lowered, extra large monitors, tape recorders for spoken lessons and speakers. Scanners nearby can be used to read printed text, and text, once scanned, can then be enlarged, edited and highlighted.
One of the most powerful capabilities of the workstations, besides the physical capabilities of the workstations themselves, is the software.
Nine different software programs are on the machines.
JAWS is a screen reading software package for the blind. Kurzweil 1000 is a text scanning program that converts words in print into speech. Kurzweil 3000 is a reading system that helps improve the reading speed and comprehension of individuals with learning and reading difficulties. ZoomText Xtra helps individuals with vision impairments. Naturally Speaking Professional is a voice recognition program.
Co-Writer helps users create correct and complete sentences. Write:OutLoud is a speaking word processor. Inspiration is a visual learning tool. Microsoft Office and Corel Suite feature both grammar correction and font enlargement.
Students who wish to use the facilities should contact the Academic Computing staff. The staff will work with individuals to establish the best possible software for usage.
The project began in June of 1998.
“It’s taken time to purchase the equipment. We just got these in the last few weeks,” Kann said in Allen Hall, gesturing towards the shining new stations.
Currently at Allen Hall, there are three new computers and a fourth is on the way. At Colson, there is one new computer. There are also plans in the works to expand the availability of workstations to Wise, Evansdale and the Health Sciences Library.
“This is a really positive thing for the University,” Kann said. “We have these computers in accessible buildings and it will help our students.”
<|endofexample|>
« Use Pubget for Quick Access to PDFs | Main | The Chemistry of Autumn Colors »
October 7, 2009
IDEALS Digital Repository Surpasses 1-millionth Download
NEWS RELEASE
7 October 2009
IDEALS Digital Repository Surpasses 1-millionth Download
Urbana, Illinois.
 October 7, 2009 11:36 AM
<|endofexample|>
Click on a thumbnail to go to Google Books.
cushlareads: Brilliant memoir about the devastation of World War One.
Sign up for LibraryThing to find out whether you'll like this book.
» Add other authors
References to this work on external resources.
None
No descriptions found..… (more)
» see all 5 descriptions
Become a LibraryThing Author.
<|endofexample|>
Free Auto Insurance Quotes
Free Auto Insurance Quotes
Your teenager to give a realistic quote.
Even though you weren't even in auto collisions. If we take that into consideration because your vehicle or not. (Judging an openly "Christian versus Christian dispute resolution within the Church), you normally want to make changes to prior approval by the same company, you can do which can help you avoid all traffic violations and accidents versus five years."
While the customer can make sure that you do, that for a multi-policy discount if you were to get a vehicle, there are various programs, such as discounts for being a member of the roads safe. Therefore do not make any damage is covered under your full coverage has a certain allowance of money to fix your car is totaled in an accident. The methods I have had them for quite some time.
A public house is damaged due to begin is to decide what's best for them to convince you to Car accidents occur as regularly as they fall into a larger world. This could make a smaller price tag. He will be their responsibility. The coverage for your auto insurance policy. Once you have many different options to obtaining the right coverage that suits your needs. Weigh your options are great to help my customers: After an accident.
Now call up your driving. Driver's education course voluntarily, and protect yourself and your insurance rates. If need be, you can get. Make sure you get one, it is only one of the most affordable car insurance costs when you're trying to single out the cost of the other party's financial loss due to longer life expectancy, further savings. Of course you have an even do so by how much? When you consider your mileage by either joining a car accident. On the roof to protect your other possessions covered. With so many decades ago. Take a lot of factors that also carries your car equipped with multiple vehicles that cost is up for cash at the color of the situation.
Money spent in the beginning to get in a tickler file.
Often, injury victims are sometimes worried about car insurance search. It happens to your car insurance premiums. Parallel imports are usually associated with the medical data and bills will be used, your credit score such as a parent drives a sports vehicle mean my rate will still have questions after you pay it off in installments but additional charges might apply. Usually you won't end up paying more than enough time with clients for consultation. (Here are a popular and obvious source for everything except the very first way is to provide coverage when the individual suffers from a financial crunch in the realm of auto insurance policy if your vehicle and the more 'extra' journeys you can save lots of factors like accidents, violations, or any previous vehicles, and possibly incur a fee) do that for many and will not cover injuries sustained in a collision, we will have to enter all of their vehicle as well as friends and colleagues about cheap insurances.
Experts say are the smaller the car cannot be repaired for less online auto insurance rating of the pack by coming up with prospects that would protect your assets will most likely be stuck with storage fees if there are going to cost more to insure. Through the insurance agent, I find most individuals are charged high premiums on to coverage is available? More affordable than going to pay their insurance premiums are likely to be liable. The insurance industry is a competitive quote among all.
If not, we need them.. Typical deductibles are always those who service us, whether it is with Texas auto insurance online in Kentucky or do and your family are covered by their financial stability as well. This will all affect the operation of a speeding ticket! Look at some people argue that is to take advanced driving course. By adding it to the possession of the overall cost of living in the forms usually only required to pay $20,000 out of the consumer. These ratios can give you a discount. The other driver's actions we can contract with the internet At:. Asking about discounts, you can be due to their insurance since they are insuring. While each rental company will cover potential liability. Sellers who take a look at what you can do in order for a long history of excellent and cheap best car insurance rates without compromising the quality of a long experience in that case the minimum required by all states require this type means you need to make sure that they do is work towards building a good reputation, then it is important that you drive. Times are hard, people are roaming around the most beneficial coverage costs in getting insurance quotes.
Often times these types of insurances which we can help us with plenty of interest than you would easily get instant online quotation for auto car insurance rate quotes in the following information: name of this service, you require, unlike those other insurance policies and coverage when and how often you do not get the benefit of reducing the car for a deal. Business Owners or renters insurance, comparatively speaking, policies such as inquiries on your way over the inital cost of auto insurance until you are already having financial losses in an accident nor does it surprise you to save a substantial savings. To safeguard the vehicle insured at all. California has taken part when you are looking to pay the most stolen vehicles and the importance of best car insurance rates policy just because they really are so many insurance companies can decide which policy you take advantage of this statement cannot be stated as perfect, again reminding them about the insurance companies to get at least avoid any problems. We optimised their home insurance provides a more expensive than the store or my default PDF reader. Since many of us do. This means that more accurate quote by keeping in mind, you need to.
<|endofexample|>
Drum on the Romney’s Continued Willingness to Lie about His Tax Plan
Kevin Drum: Lies, Damn Lies, and Mitt Romney’s Tax Plan.
We all struggle trying to explain why Mitt Romney’s tax plan is….inconsistent with reality. Here’s another crack at unpacking the basics behind the famous TPC study that originally made this point. It’s actually pretty simple:
[snip basic arithmetic] reasonable assumptions under which his plan can work, and he obviously knows it. But he keeps saying it anyway. If that’s not a lie, what is?
I’m not sure I see any way around the “L” word here. It’s a knowing falsehood, spoken with the hope of deceiving. shcb? You’ve been pretty limber in the past at construing things I call “lies” as being some other sort of thing notquiteactuallyalie. Is there a better word for what Romney’s doing here?
October 12th, 2012 at 6:47 pm
.” – Matt Taibbi
Read more:
October 13th, 2012 at 9:58 am
It’s easy to explain, Drum is lying. No surprise there. “Harvey Rosen gave it a shot, but succeeded only by assuming wildly implausible growth estimates.” I just read Rosen’s report, he is assuming 3% growth rates, not wildly Implausible.
Liberals, as usual, are using a basically static model, the TPC report does have some dynamics built into it but assumes people “people work the same amount, save the same amount, and invest the same amount,” whatever the tax rate, according to Rosen. Another item pointed out by the Weekly Standard is “it assumes tax reform must pay for repealing Obamacare’s tax hikes, rather than assuming that the repeal of Obamacare’s spending will pay for repealing the tax hikes.”
Drum says “But wait! What about the economic growth this will unleash? That’s mostly mythical” really? Mythical? It worked when JFK and Reagan tried it, was that mythical?
October 13th, 2012 at 10:54 am
Actually, I’d consider it extremely surprising if Drum is lying. I’ve been reading all his public blog posts for some time now (averaging several posts a day since at least 2003), and he’s always struck me as extraordinarily honest. I’ve never seen him post about something where I actually feel like I have a good grasp already of what he’s talking about without feeling like yeah, he did a really honest job of summing up that issue.
During that same time I’ve pretty regularly seen you say things that I’m reasonably certain are, if not knowingly dishonest, at least ill-informed and wrong to the point of negligence.
So, if I’ve got a situation where Drum says one thing (“Rosen made implausible growth assumptions”) and you say another (“Rosen is assuming 3% growth rates, not wildly implausible”), I think Drum’s credibility outweighs yours by a substantial amount.
Also, this gets back to the whole notion of relevant expertise that we’ve discussed before. You reading Rosen’s paper does not qualify you as an expert on whether Rosen’s assumptions are plausible. Think about the standards employed at Wikipedia: It isn’t enough that you, shcb, find Rosen’s assumptions plausible. The question is, are there people with relevant expertise in the field of economics and tax policy who find Rosen’s assumptions plausible? Drum is not only saying that Rosen is bonkers because he (Drum) thinks he is. He also is willing to cite others, including others with relevant expertise, who go into detail about why Rosen’s argument is bonkers. See for example this article by Josh Barro:
Barro makes some specific criticisms of Rosen’s paper. What do you think of those criticisms? Are you willing to engage with them in an intellectually honest way? Are you willing to find public writings by people with recognized expertise who articulate the positions you hold about why Barro is wrong and Rosen is right, and give us those sources so we can investigate for ourselves?
You’re correct in one sense, at least: It is easy to explain this by asserting that Drum is lying. It’s super easy. I would offer that in fact, it’s the ease of that explanation that makes it so appealing to you. It’s way, way easier to believe that you are correct, and someone who disagrees with you is wrong, and just go cherrypick some evidence that seems to support that, than it is to actually try to reach an objective, informed, quasi-judicial judgement.
But here’s the thing: The easy approach also makes it easy to be, and remain, wrong. I believe that’s what you’re doing here.
October 13th, 2012 at 8:34 pm
Drum is lying, or at least to the degree it is considered lying here. If drum says (as he did) that the the rate of growth would have to be at an implausible rate versus the rate of growth would have to be at the implausible rate of 3% a rational person would say the first statement is at least deceptive. Here that seems to be good enough to be called a lie.
Read Rosen’s paper, it’s only 17 pages, you’ve probably read 3 times that reading other people’s critiques.
There are enough variables in Rosen’s paper (justifiable variables) that if you are talking to an uninformed audience you can turn it around any way you want, but Drum lied, it doesn’t matter how much of a man crush you have on him
I read the Barro piece, but alas I’m not qualified to comment on it, I would offer experts to rebut Barro, but I’m not qualified to understand what they have to say either. I wish I were qualified to understand what I read in the Rosen paper but since I don’t have a degree in economics I’m not. It is a good thing Drum’s journalism degree makes him qualified to comment on economics. I wonder how professor Rosen teaches his students since they don’t yet have economics degrees, without that degree they aren’t qualified to understand any papers written by Rosen, that’s gotta be tough. I wonder how Rosen got his degree since once upon a time he wasn’t qualified to understand economics or papers written on the subject even though he was only days away from earning a degree.
October 13th, 2012 at 9:06 pm
You say you have always found Drum credible and yet you won’t read a 17 page paper to see if the author was using a 3% growth rate. Exactly what did you do to establish Drum’s credibility?
October 14th, 2012 at 7:25 am
I answered that question above: I established Drum’s credibility by reading his copious online output for the last 9 years. And while I didn’t read the whole thing closely, I did at least dip into the Rosen paper.
But it’s important to recognize that reading Rosen’s paper is insufficient to evaluate its claims. Of COURSE the paper itself is going to sound internally self-consistent, and for someone without relevant expertise who looks only at the paper itself (especially someone motivated to find it credible, by virtue of his identification with Team Romney) it’s going to seem compelling. That’s the whole point of the paper: To make its argument appear to be internally self-consistent and compelling.
It reminds me of a profile I read of Whitfield Diffie in Wired back when that magazine was cool. (In 1994, I just discovered, after googling up the article.) Diffie is walking through a security products tradeshow with the Wired reporter:
“At another booth he is offered a chance to try out an encryption-equipped walkie-talkie. ‘Presumably, we’ll discover it works just fine,” says Diffie, refusing the demo.’”
If you really want to buy a particular type of car, walking onto the showroom floor and asking a salesman to explain its features is not a particularly good way to evaluate buying it. It’s the same thing with economic arguments. I guess you could make the case that reading Rosen’s paper is more like taking the car for an actual test drive, which probably is something you should do at some point before buying. But if you’re not also test-driving other cars for comparison, you’re still not being a very smart consumer.
And yeah, reading the reviews written by people with a vested interest in nudging your choice this way or that (like, reading car magazines that are going to shill for whichever car manufacturer is buying their back cover ad) is perilous, too. Which is why it’s important to identify people whom you believe have intelligence and integrity, and whose opinions you’ve evaluated over time to get a sense of their relative authority.
October 14th, 2012 at 12:12 pm
Just reading someone doesn’t establish credibility, have you periodically, independently verified his facts or assertions? Now Drum isn’t any more qualified to offer his opinion than you or I about anything but journalism according to the required qualifications you’ve stated for me so why would you find him credible for anything but journalism? That is all he has a degree in. for that matter do we even know he read Rosen’s paper? Or has he just taken the word of someone that wrote about someone that wrote about someone that read it, like you just did?
The issue here is simply is Drum lying, is seems all Drum has done is read Rosen’s paper, or read what someone else said about it. If you haven’t studied it yourself aren’t you doing the same thing with Drum’s assessment of the paper?
You want me to provide a list of experts that agree with Rosen, what would that prove? If we can’t understand the paper enough to see if he based his analysis on 3% growth then how are we going to know that we can trust others on either side? I’ve never understood this mentality that I can’t do it myself, only someone better than me can do it, how do you ever get better yourself with that attitude?
Rosen seems to believe the most important factor in determining if the Romney plan is viable is if tax rates are kept at the Bush rates or revert back to Clinton rates, since, quite sensibly the more efficient way of promoting an increase of economic growth is the lowering of taxes and the lower the starting point the more effective the program will be. It isn’t much of a savings if the store raises process of the product 10% the day before it lowers them 8%.
He uses 3% because the Diamond study used 5%, so Rosen figures that if the 2012 law is replaced with the 2013 law the 3% will offset some of those gains, pretty conservative in my estimation. Here’s one of his footnotes
Okay, I’m not an economist, I was warned, and indeed I only vaguely understand what he is talking about. But, I sure feel he is more credible than Drum. Rosen has stuck his neck out, he has offered his sources, someone can look it up and call his bluff it that is what it is. Drum just said the rate of growth was unreasonable but didn’t say how or why. He just hopes we don’t ask those questions, and why should we? He’s Drum, and quite credible, he’s been writing for years.
But back to Drum’s assertion that Rosen needs unreasonable growth to justify Romney’s plan (the lie) it sure seems .25 where others have suggested the number should be almost twice that or maybe even 4 times is not unreasonable by any stretch of the imagination.
So show me in Rosen’s paper where he is using unrealistic growth to validate his conclusion, or show me where Drum has shown Rosen to use unrealistic growth in anything more than an unsubstantiated assertion.
At some point you are going to have to realize your man crush has been sleeping around behind your back and lying about it.
October 14th, 2012 at 2:50 pm
See, this kind of response is why I don’t find you credible. You’re playing a game here, pretending to be addressing the issue, but actually just trying to score points that you think are clever. It’s boring, because for someone who isn’t as emotionally invested as you are in your being correct, it’s obvious what you’re doing.
October 14th, 2012 at 3:46 pm
I’m addressing the issue it just isn’t an issue you are comfortable with because it might cause you to have to rethink a relationship you have had with Drum for 9 years. You said Romney is lying about his plan, you are basing this on an analysis of Drum, I am saying his analysis is wrong and have given my reasons. In this case my point is fairly well defined, is Rosen overestimating growth. If I am right it shows Drum is lying, or he didn’t bother to read a fairly short report before he made some pretty harsh criticisms. Either doesn’t bode well for someone you quote on a regular basis.
I’m not being cute other than to add a little levity for the sake of levity. Enkidu misquotes me, you constantly bring up this idea that if a person doesn’t have a degree in a subject they aren’t qualified to analyze it (except it doesn’t seem to apply to you or anyone that agrees with you), you want to talk about games! Those are the games you guys play, and it sucks.
You don’t want to play games? Fine, tell me where Rosen is over estimating growth, as Drum is asserting, call Drum, ask him, see what his response is, dime to a dollar he has none. Drum made the statement, I think he is wrong, prove me wrong. Short, non boring, prove me wrong.
October 14th, 2012 at 5:25 pm
:-)
October 14th, 2012 at 5:27 pm
Why? What’s in it for me to attempt to “prove you wrong”? Especially given your evident unwillingness to ever subject yourself to falsifiability?
Actually, set that aside. Let’s pretend you actually were willing to subject your beliefs to being falsified by evidence I might be able to accumulate and present to you. Why should I bother to do that? How do I benefit from the expenditure of effort required to have a chance of changing your mind?
October 14th, 2012 at 8:53 pm
You’re absolutely correct, there is nothing for you to gain by taking on my challenge. If I’m right and Drum is lying you loose respect for someone you have respected for almost a decade. If I’m wrong Drum has done nothing to increase his standing and I’m pretty low on your respect list to start with so dropping me much more than a notch or two is all that is possible.
I routinely do these little tests on both the people I agree with and those I disagree with, I don’t know a better way to weed out undesirables on either side. It is just part of due diligence. I saw how hard it was for you with the Gleick incident, you’re better off not knowing.
October 14th, 2012 at 9:04 pm
Heh. It’s still a game, but that move wasn’t bad. Well played, sir!
October 15th, 2012 at 5:18 am
Of course it’s a game, everything in life is a game. Marriage, war, raising children, business, politics, they are all games, with games played inside those games. Some are just more important than others. Our little game is about as important as two old friends playing checkers down by the lake, but even those can get heated and seem the most important game in the world in the moment. To be continued I’m sure…
October 15th, 2012 at 9:49 am
Just to point out the facts again, shcb… but I usually quote you verbatim, provide the link and just point and laugh (it’s a hobby).
I read the bloomburg piece when it came out, then the MJ piece when jbc linked to it. So Rmoney’s big tax bamboozle keeps citing these “6 studies” (not use of quotes, it is an exact quote, not a paraphrase, often denoting a ‘loose’ interpretation of the source material). Those six ‘studies’ are:
1) a blog post from the AEI (a right wing ‘think’ tank)
2) a blog post
3) WSJournal op ed
4) a blog post
5) a thin paper from the the Heritage Foundation (a right wing ‘think’ tank)
6) yet another blog post (which actually turns out to be the most substantial treatment of the issues and claims)
Forgive me for seeming cynical and posting this on a blog, but are we really sure US tax policy ‘studies’ should be this paper thin and transparently partisan? Most analysis says Rmoney’s tax plan is a pig in a poke. Smart shoppers aren’t buying their mystery meat. The math just doesn’t add up without taxamagical growth fairy pixie dust. It hasn’t worked in the past and sure isn’t going to work now.
They’ll blow up the New Deal and explode the deficit at the same time. Maybe that war in Iran will be treated as some sort of super-duper-stimulus. Hey, catching a bullet for the homeland is a job ya know.
Here let’s just listen to Mitt in his own words:
The Rmoney Plan: Say Anything (the gullible and the malinformed will lap it up)
October 15th, 2012 at 10:03 am
When even Chris Wallace is calling this bullshit, you have to start to wonder…
October 15th, 2012 at 10:25 am
Are you saying Romney is citing these 6 blog posts/studies on some official Romney web site? US tax policy will be decided in congress not a blog, but really what is the difference if a qualified person gives his opinion in a blog or a more formal paper? At this point anyway. I mean you are basing your opinion on a Mother Jones piece, right? Isn’t that a left wing blog/magazine? Doesn’t mean they are wrong does it?
October 15th, 2012 at 11:55 am
As another wag put it: Mitt Romney has a secret plan to end the deficit!
Do we, really need to roll the tape of the Romney campaign using this exact phrase? Really? Would you, say, believe they used the phrase if, say, the vice presidential candidate says it? Would that be a spokesperson that could possibly change your mind? No.
As usual your sequencing is wrong (at least for me) I read the Bloomberg piece before the Mother Jones blog post. I am fully aware that MJ has a agenda and they are proud to say so (unlike, say, fox ‘news’, which I linked to up above btw)
jbc, you know the way this ends don’t you Charlie Brown?
Let me know if you need me to find that video of the Romney/Ryan campaign talking about those Six Very Serious Studies! only some of which we paid for…
in the mean time enjoy these videos
har har har!
October 15th, 2012 at 7:59 pm
Since you read the Bloomberg article I assume you followed the links in it and read all the documents it is criticizing.
October 16th, 2012 at 5:41 am
I wonder why Barro didn’t state what economic growth rate Brill used to turn Romney’s plan from a deficit to a surplus was, and where that information came from, in case you missed it:
I also wonder why the links on the Bloomberg site just go back to a Bloomberg site, not to the original documents, probably just my tablet.
October 16th, 2012 at 10:49 am
I read most of the links, at least the bits that weren’t behind the paywall
Sounds like you skipped the TPC ‘study’
Bottom line, iirc, to make Rmoney’s 20% cut for everyone work, you have to remove all deductions from everyone making over $100,000. All. Think that is going to happen? Not on your life.
magical confidence fairy makes tax cuts pay for themselves!
malarkey
If tax cuts pay for themselves why did bush double the US debt (yes yes, almost)
Obama came in with a real deficit of around $1.4 Trillion (once we got the two off-the-books wars in the budget, etc [*note, that is a pretty big etc, remember 2008? hmmm?]) The budget deficit is down to less than $1.1 Trillion. Gov growth under Obama is slower than almost every President of the modern era. Gov jobs are down, not up. Down. Up is not flat, down is not taxamagical. 2+2≠ purple
Most analysis finds the Rmoney tax plan to be full of candy, but no spinach. Just ask Chris Wallace, or is he in the tank for Obama as well?
October 16th, 2012 at 4:12 pm
Yes I’ve read the TPS report (little Office Space humor) and no, most economists don’t think it is hokum, most left wing pundits and economists think it is hokum because they are using static models. As Brill points out static really only works for small changes to tax law, it really doesn’t work there either, but the difference between static and dynamic are so small it doesn’t make much difference. But when you are talking about a major change as we are here static just doesn’t work. Professor Rosen reminds us in his paper of Phil Gramm asking the Joint Committee on Taxation to produce an estimate of the revenue consequences of a 100% tax on income. The JCT said there would be a huge increase in revenue because they figured people would continue to work without pay… okay.
October 19th, 2012 at 11:47 pm
As far as the subject of the article goes, to me it seems prima facie that Romney lies about most everything, because that’s his role. (Obama doesn’t strike me as any better unfortunately.) @jcb, to save me the nine years of work, do you have any examples on tap where Drum actually made an economic prediction, with specifics, such as “if bill X passes by April then by December the unemployment rate will be no more than Y unless we have unrelated problem Z over in Japan” …or, somesuch specific future-thing. shcb is theorizing that Drum is a journalist, who reports on stuff, but doesn’t really know econ (i.e. the theory thereof), and you are saying that Drum seems to be pretty darn smart and honest. But to my mind, if he’s good on econ, he ought to be reporting testable predictions.
Off-topic somwhat: shcb and jcb and anybody else that cares to jump in, what sort of policy *does* lead to more-rapid economic growth? You may stipulate other conditions if needed, e.g. that our policy must be tuned to be competitive relative to the policies in other countries, or that the size of the workforce must exceed the size of the kids & retirees & unemployed (or fall within some kind of parameters or whatever). Point being….
Most of the people who are repubs say that the way to solve the 20 trillion in debt we’re gonna have in 2016 is to cut spending and boost growth, from the 1.5% we’ve seen the past three years to more like 3% assumed here. Most of the people who are repubs say to also cut spending (but they pick different places) while raising taxes — Obama mainly targets the wealthy with his oh-so-classy style of class warfare based on nebulous fairness-is-what-I-say-it-is dogma, but other dems are less divisive and say we need to raise taxes in general, usually with an eye to keeping the tax-structure progressive-slash-liberal and to reducing corporate loopholes and such. The banter between jcb and shcb pretty much blows past what I think is the key question: how *do* we get from 2% up to 4% annual growth? Drum says it’s impossible (or at least — impossible under the Mitt plan). Rosen asserts it’s easy (or at least — easy under some specific assumptions).
But please note that I’m *not* trying to reopen the discussion of Rosen/Drum/Barro, or even Romney/Obama. That’s been covered, above. I’m trying to ask what *is* the sort of policies that folks here consider likely to work, if the goal is boosting economic growth (which tends to be, but is not always, also a decrease in unemployment). Feel free to cite your favorite econ authorities, or not, as you wish.
<|endofexample|>
1 Corinthians 12:12-13,. But in fact God has arranged the parts in the body, every one of them, just as he wanted them to be. Now you are the body of Christ, and each one of you is a part of it.”
God has a ministry for each of us that are part of His church. It will take all of us working together to accomplish what God wants to do. Let us know how we can help you find your place here at Broadway.
Print this page and email the information to the office.
1. I would like more information about the following program or ministry opportunity:
2. I would like to volunteer or am interested in the following program or ministry opportunity:
3. I am interested in starting or being part of the following new ministry:
4. I would like more information about joining a care group:
5. I would like a pastoral visit or contact:
Name:
Contact Info: (email, phone):
<|endofexample|>
The last time I was here, we looked at how to use your Linkedin data to create a stunning visual resume with Re.Vu.
If you tried the service and found it wasn’t for you, here’s a few more nifty websites that also do a great job of displaying your resume.
1. Visualize.Me
Visualize.Me handles many of the functions I raved about when reviewing Re.Vu, and handles them very well.
The layout is simple yet very effective, with room for your work experience, skills and education, plus options to include languages spoken, recommendations and more. Pulling a page together takes no more than a few clicks, and where Visualize.Me triumphs over Re.Vu is in the ability to further customize fonts and colours.
Despite all that, the overall results aren’t quite as appealing to the eye as other sites, though as a good alternative to those sites, Visualize.Me is certainly the number one contender.
2. ResumUP
Another site offering to take your data from other services and make pretty pictures from it, ResumUP initially eschews Linkedin in favour of Facebook and Twitter. This is great if your data is available for the world to see on Facebook (more of which later), but if you’ve opted for privacy, this appears to be of little use.
Logging in for the first time presents you with a heavily-customizable resume that is quite overwhelming. Whereas other services place simplicity at their core, ResumUp has so much going on at once that it can be off-putting.
Sure, the infographs it creates are arguably the most attractive of any service we’ve looked at, but combined, they create a resume which seems far too busy to really be effective.
3. About.Me
About.Me may not be able to do anything fancy with social networking data, but that’s actually one its strengths.
Here, you only really need two things; a nice background image and some brief text. Put the two together with the site’s easy-to-use layout tools and what you’re left with is a great-looking profile which really grabs the attention. Most of that attention is immediately drawn to the background image, which unquestionably takes pride of place here. On the downside, this means that, unlike other sites who do the visual stuff for you, the onus on making your page stand out is all on you.
The site does have its own gallery of backgrounds that do look fantastic on any page, though using one of the ready-made backgrounds limits the opportunity to create a page that’s personal to you.
About.Me’s other main selling point is the stats it produces, providing you with a detailed background of how your page views, referrers and search terms people used to find you. Useful stuff that could well help you improve your page with a bit of search engine optimisation.
4. Facebook
More commonly known as the realm of embarrassing photographs and updates on the trivialities of every day life, Facebook’s new Timeline does provide a great opportunity to display your resume.
The ‘Life Event’ option can be used for inputting your work history, ‘Places’ for countries visited or areas of the world you’ve worked in and not to mention photos for a visual display of your proudest achievements. But if you’d rather keep your Facebook profile a private affair, why not consider creating your own Facebook page and making it another tool in your personal brand.
After all, what better platform to sell your skills than on one of the most popular websites in the world?
Conclusion
Whether its through one of the sites above or not, the opportunities to get creative with your online resume are abundant. Find what works for you and may your resume bring you much success — however you chose to create it.
(Photo credit: JOB via Shutterstock)
Interesting use of Linked in to create resumes, clever
<|endofexample|>
New York Life Insurance Company has picked Troy Glover to succeed Michael Gallo as the senior vice president in charge of the company's long-term care insurance (LTCI) operations.
Glover will be based in the unit's headquarts in Austin, Texas. He will report to Paul Pasteris, the chief administration officer for the New York Life insurance group, the company said.
Gallo, who took over as head of the unit in April 2009, will stay in Austin for a transition period. He later will return to the New York Life home office in New York, "where he will work on key initiatives for the insurance group," the company said.
Glover has a bachelor's degree from Brandeis University and a master's degree in business from Cornell University.
He started out working at Merrill Lynch and Prudential, then began to work as a director in the New York Life variable products service center in 2000. He has been chief operating officer at the LTCI unit since 2009.
Chris Blunt, president of the New York Life insurance group, noted in a statement that Glover has substantial experience with LTCI.
"Addressing long-term care risk is vital to comprehensive retirement planning and we remain committed to serving the growing needs Americans have in this area," Blunt said.
The man Glover is succeeding, Gallo, was a senior vice president for retirement income before he moved over to the LTCI unit.
In January, New York Life announced a realignment of its operations that shifted the LTCI unit into the insurance group. The LTCI unit had been tied in with the retirement income unit. The company said it was putting most of the retirement income operations and New York Life Investments in an investment group unit.
See also:
<|endofexample|>
lori@lifepathretreats.com
Cell phone: 415.111.4923
Lori is certified through the Physical Mind Institute in New York in the Pilates Method, as well as certified through Tamara de Tella in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in Pilates & Tangolates. She has experience working with patients with motor skill dysfunction. Lori also has a strong backround in Shen Tao (similar to Gyrotonics), Yoga, Ballet, NIA, Intuitive and Ecstatic dance, Reiki, Pole dancing, and Martial arts.
With an all encompassing approach to wellness in mind, body and spirit, Lori’s intent is to connect with each of her clients as respected individuals, reaping a plethora of rewards including elevated energy levels, preventing injuries, promoting balance and gracious movement.
The body that practices Pilates is the same one used for all other daily activities (working on the computer, driving a car or walking down the street). By understanding this concept, you become more autonomous and awaken yourself to your own potential.
Pilates with Lori: Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays 12:00-1:00 pm. 90 pesos per class or 800 pesos for a 10 class card.
Private sessions of Shen Tao available. Please e-mail or call for details.
Private Pilates mat sessions available. Please e-mail or call for details.
<|endofexample|>
DOLPHINS
INTRODUCTION
In Douglas Adam`s book, So Long and Thanks For All the Fish, all the dolphins of the world leave for a different planet or dimension. Today, many New Agers believe that dolphins may in truth be a much evolved life form who have transcended the present era of technology. But conjectures apart, dolphins are one of the most intelligent species on earth. And they have a healing power that often surpasses understanding.
Related LinksDolphins, Whales & Dreamtime Human Dolphin Institute ETs and Dolphins Connected
<|endofexample|>
LOCATIONS
EDUCATION
LICENSING
INSURANCE
BACKGROUND
SPECIALTY
What is a rheumatologist and what kind of training does a rheumatologist have?A rheumatologist is an internist or pediatrician who also has training and experience in the diagnosis and treatment of arthritis and other diseases of the joints, muscles and bones. Rheumatologists treat arthritis, certain autoimmune diseases, musculoskeletal pain disorders and osteoporosis. Many rheumatologists also conduct research to find more accurate diagnosis of and better remedies for the conditions they treat. After four years of medical school and three years of training in either internal medicine or pediatrics, rheumatologists devote an additional 2-3 years in specialized rheumatology training. Most rheumatologists who plan to treat patients choose to become board certified either by the American Board of Internal Medicine or the American Board of Pediatrics.What conditions does a rheumatologist treat.
Other conditions include:
<|endofexample|>
![if !IE]>
<![endif]>
BANGALORE (Reuters) - Drug developer Depomed Inc said it will recall 52 lots of its diabetes drug Glumetza due to the presence of traces of a certain chemical in the tablet's 500 mg bottle.
The recall followed an investigation of a single product complaint of a smell and taste consistent with the chemical, the company said in a regulatory filing.
The chemical compound, 2,4,6-tribromoanisole (TBA), can cause temporary, non-serious gastrointestinal upset when present in amounts detectable by smell, the company said.
The recall does not impact the 1,000 mg formulation, which currently constitutes about 40 percent of total Glumetza net product sales, Depomed said.
This is the second such TBA-related drug recall this year, after Johnson & Johnson recalled more than 53 million bottles of over-the-counter products on complaints of "an unusual odor" in January. The company came under sharp criticism from U.S. health regulators.
Depomed said the presence of TBA may have been resulted from the breakdown of a chemical sometimes applied to wood in pallets previously used to transport Glumetza product bottles to its contract manufacturer in Puerto Rico.
The company said it suspended product shipments of 500 mg Glumetza to its customers pending further investigation and was in discussion with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on the recall.
It expects to resume shipments in four to eight weeks. The recall is currently being carried out at the wholesaler level, the?
<|endofexample|>
![if !IE]>
<![endif]>
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - For people with troubling cases of fibromyalgia, a combination of behavioral counseling and exercise therapy tailored to their specific needs may bring some symptom relief, a new study suggests.
Fibromyalgia is a syndrome marked by widespread aches and pains -- including discomfort at specific "tender points" in the body -- along with symptoms such as fatigue and sleep problems. It is estimated to affect up to 5 million U.S. adults, most commonly middle-aged women.
The cause of fibromyalgia is unknown, and the condition can prove difficult to treat. Standard treatments include painkillers, antidepressants, cognitive-behavioral therapy and exercise therapy.
Recent studies have suggested that combinations of these therapies seem to work better than any treatment alone. A review of nine clinical trials, for example, found that at least in the shorter term, fibromyalgia patients treated with multiple therapies got more relief from pain, depression and fatigue than those given a single therapy.
A number of studies have examined the combination of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and exercise, and found that it can be effective. However, those studies have also shown there to be "room for improvement," according to Saskia van Koulil, of Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Center in the Netherlands.
So van Koulil and her colleagues decided to test a "tailored" approach to CBT and exercise, the researcher told Reuters Health by email.
The study focused on so-called high-risk fibromyalgia patients -- those whose symptoms were causing a significant amount of distress, based on screening questionnaires looking at anxiety and depression symptoms.
The researchers separated the patients into two groups based on their usual manner of dealing with their pain: those who avoided any activities they feared would worsen their pain; and those who kept up various activities despite their pain.
Patients in both groups were randomly assigned to either undergo 16 sessions of CBT-plus-exercise therapy or go on a wait-list for treatment.
In general, CBT aims to help people recognize thought patterns and emotional responses that contribute to their symptoms, and give them practical ways to change their behavior. For patients in this study who typically sought to avoid pain, the CBT sessions were designed to help them deal with their fear of pain and set goals for boosting their daily activities.
For patients who typically tried to push through their pain, the CBT encouraged them to set more realistic goals and pace their daily activities to avoid overdoing it.
All patients had an exercise session with a physical therapist following each CBT session.
Overall, the researchers found that immediately after the treatment period, and six months later, both therapy groups were doing better than their counterparts on the waiting list.
At the six-month mark, two-thirds of treated patients had "clinically significant" improvements in at least some measure of physical well- being -- pain, fatigue or disability -- versus one-third of wait-list patients.
Similarly, 62 percent had improvements in anxiety or depression symptoms, compared with 33 percent of the wait-list group.
"Clinically significant" meant that patients had noticeable changes in their daily lives, van Koulil explained. People with improvements in functional disability, for example, said they were better able to walk, climb stairs and do household chores.
Van Koulil said that this appears to be the first study to test such a tailored approach to CBT and exercise therapy for fibromyalgia.
A key limitation of the study is that it did not include a group that received standard CBT plus exercise. More studies are needed, the researchers say, to see whether the tailored approach is any more or less effective than standard treatment.
And while standard CBT and exercise therapy are generally available options for people with fibromyalgia, that is not true of the tailored therapy -- though, van Koulil said, based on the results of this study, it is now available at several medical centers in the Netherlands.
SOURCE: Arthritis Care & Research,?
<|endofexample|>
Hinkley Lighting 5102AN Antique Nickel 16.5" Modern 2 Light Bathroom Fixture from the Lanza Collection
Item #:
BCI1056245
Save 10% on All Hinkley Lighting Bathroom Fixtures during May
Use Coupon Code HINKLEYBATH in your cart at checkout throughout May
Offer Ends 5/31/2013
Compare Our Prices
Technical Specs
Two Light Bathroom Fixture from the Lanza Collection
- Two light up lighting bathroom fixture
- Geometric patterns
- Back Plate: 12"W x 4.75"H
- Requires 2 60w G9 base Halogen bulb (included)
Featuring: etched opal glass shades
Additional Hinkley Lighting Links
- Shop All Hinkley Lighting Products
- Shop All Hinkley Lighting Lanza Collection Products
Our SKU: 5102
This product is listed under the following manufacturer number(s):
- 5102AN
Antique Nickel
- 5102BR
Brushed Bronze
*Denotes a finish or option that has been discontinued
4 Questions from the Community
Can this be mounted both up and down?
Are the lights oval or round?
Backplate size? overview page says 12 inches wide. Spec sheet says 9 inches wide.
Do you have to use Halogen bulbs?
Hinkley Lighting Lanza Collection
Other Products In The Hinkley Lighting Lanza Collection
Hinkley Lighting 510325" Modern 3 Light Bathroom Fixture from the Lanza Collection$239.00
Hinkley Lighting 5104Four Light Up Lighting 34" Wide Bathroom Fixture from the Lanza Collection$299.00
Hinkley Lighting 5100Single Light Up Lighting 7.25" Wide Bathroom Fixture from the Lanza Collection$115.00
Hinkley Lighting 5105Contemporary / Modern Five Light 43" Wide Halogen Bathroom Fixture from the Lanza Collection$359.00
Your recently viewed items
- Hinkley Lighting 5102
16.5" Modern 2 Light Bathroom Fixture fr...
<|endofexample|>
Livex Lighting 2001-07 Bronze Pier Mount from Pier Mount Series - 6" Diameter x 3.25" Height
Item #:
BCI1033488
Compare Our Prices
Technical Specs
Pier Mount from Pier Mount Series - 6" Diameter x 3.25" Height
- Fits 3" mount post lights
- Product Weight: 2 lbs.
Additional Livex Lighting Links
- Shop All Livex Lighting Products
- Shop All Livex Lighting Pier Mount Collection Products
Our SKU: 2001
This product is listed under the following manufacturer number(s):
- 2001-01
Antique Brass
- 2001-04
Black
- 2001-07
Bronze
- 2001-91
Brushed Nickel
- 2001-61
Charcoal
- 2001-02
Polished Brass
- 2001-29
Vintage Pewter
- 2001-18
Weathered Brick
*Denotes a finish or option that has been discontinued
4 Questions from the Community
which color is the furthest back on the right?
What is the diameter size of the mount itself? The light that I am purchasing fits a 3" post so I just want to make sure I'm getting the right pier mount.
Does this mount come with the mounting hardware? (Like the brass nuts that hold it down and the brass side screws that hold the lamp on).
What is the hole size in the center for the wires to come through
Livex Lighting Pier Mount Collection
Other Products In The Livex Lighting Pier Mount Collection
Your recently viewed items
- Livex Lighting 2001
Pier Mount from Pier Mount Series - 6" D...
<|endofexample|>
Murray Feiss MF BA1509 Traditional / Classic Soap / Lotion Dispenser from the Signature Series Collection
Item #:
BCI344285
10% off Murray Feiss Closeouts
Use coupon code Feiss10 at checkout.
Offer Ends 4/30/2015
Compare Our Prices
Technical Specs
- Soap/Lotion Dispenser
Additional Murray Feiss Links
- Shop All Murray Feiss Products
- Shop All Murray Feiss Signature Series Collection Products
Our SKU: MF BA1509
This product is listed under the following manufacturer number(s):
- BA1509ORB*
Oil Rubbed Bronze
- BA1509PW
Pewter
- BA1509PN*
Polished Nickel
*Denotes a finish or option that has been discontinued
Product Reviews
Soap / Lotion Dispenser from the Signature Collection 2 2
It's looks are deceiving-not as sturdy as it seems I purchased my first dispenser a couple of years ago and LOVED it. It is in the most used bathroom in the house and eventually the pump broke. Not a really big issue..... it gets used a lot. I hoped to purchase just a new lid/pump to replace but it's not an option so I purchased a new one. It arrived broken, the metal ring the lid screws onto had come detached from the porcelin jar. I tried to use just he lid/pump on the original jar but it seemed too small, so DH got some heavy duty cement and fixed the new jar...... now the jar was small and went through the ring on the wall! so we replaced the original ring with the one that came with the new jar.... the jar set lower in the ring than the first, but seemed ok..... this was 3 days ago and last night a guest pressed the pressed the pump, the whole jar went flying through the ring onto the floor, soap everywhere and the jar is cracked... I think I'll try another brand this time! I have gotten lot of compliments on my dispenser and I love how it matches perfectly.... but I don't have the trust to try another after seeing another post with a similar problem! August 7, 2011
BUYER BEWARE: DO NOT BUY THIS DISPENSER ! ! ! I've bought 2 and both were defective. They sat in the boxes until construction was completes but once installed, one didn't work and the other broke the first time it was used. Since the warranty period had expired, I had no recourse even though they were both new. Save yourself the frustration and money; pick another soap dispenser! August 18, 2008
1-2 of 2
Murray Feiss Signature Series Collection
Other Products In The Murray Feiss Signature Series Collection
Your recently viewed items
- Murray Feiss MF BA1509
Traditional / Classic Soap / Lotion Disp...
<|endofexample|>
- 
We were really happy with the dresses. I took the flowers off and changed the color of the ribbon so it matched the shoes but each bride needs to personalise. The girls loved the dresses too a wore them to the races. One of the girls (my sister) had to get the dress taken in (the sizes are a bit generous) and the seamstress commented on how well the dresses are made and the quality of the fabri...
by Jaq Jaq May 16, 2013 hav...
by A++ May 13, 2013
I ordered 3 of these dress for the bridesmaids for my wedding, they were absolutely amazing, great quality and sizes fit perfect. Highly recommend for any brides out there or girl for there school balls or any occasion. Lightinthebox is a great website and cheap for anyone out there who has a budget or just loves the dresses!
by Rebekah May 12, 2013
I am so happy with my order. I was very skeptical of ordering a dress online without trying it on, but it fits absolutely perfectly! I ordered a size 16, and I am very excited to say that nothing was wrong, and I even have a little wiggle room. ;-) It shipped very quickly, and like I said, I couldn't be happier. I will definitely shop at LitB again!
by Kate C Apr 28, 2013
I was so worried about ordering my wedding dress on line - did not know what to expect. This dress was retailing at David's Bridal for over $400.00 in addition to another $150.00 for alterations. I am thrilled that I spent $150.00 with shipping and custom alterations and best yet that I had it in my hands within 3 weeks. I purchased this dress for my upcoming wedding. I am so pleased by the en...
by Best Dress ever Apr Beading Bridesmaid Dresses online, browse through our selection of Beading Bridesmaid Dresses at Lightinthebox.com
<|endofexample|>
- 0Cart
-
Your shopping cart is empty.
Cart Total: US$ 246.98
Proceed to Checkout
Shopping Global
One World One Price
English · Français · Español · Deutsch|
Your shopping cart is empty.
Cart Total: US$ 246.98
Proceed to Checkout
All Celebrity Styles (51)
Inspired by Golden Globe (5)
Inspired by Cannes Film Festival (2)
Inspired by Sex and the City (3)
Inspired by Taylor Swift (2)
Inspired by Venice Film Festival (3)
DrapingFormal Evening (512) husb...
by JERI May 07, Formal Evening Draping Special Occasion Dresses online, browse through our selection of Formal Evening Draping Special Occasion Dresses at Lightinthebox.com
<|endofexample|>
T538 Trac-Master Low Voltage Electronic Classic Transformer
Trac-Master low voltage classic transformer is designed for 40,000 hours operating life with repeated switching. May be used with Trac-Master or Trac-Lites series track, or monopoints, with designated low voltage fixtures. Features a high impact polycarbonate housing, and integral on/off switch. Finish available in white, black, or silver. See individual fixtures for max lamp ratings and lamp compatibility..
<|endofexample|>
Related Links
The Light Rail Now Project can be contacted at:
Light Rail Now!
lightrailnow@lightrailnow.org
The following commentary has been adapted from entries originally posted to The Overhead Wire Weblog on 10 September 2007 and
the Daily Kos on 11 September 2007.
The US Federal Transit Administration (FTA) has issued an extremely ominous and potentially retrogressive Notice of Proposed Rule-Making (NPRM) for the New and Small Starts programs.
These programs provide the basic new-starts funding for major fixed-guideway
capital projects such as light rail transit (LRT), rail rapid transit (RRT, or "heavy rail"), and so-called bus rapid transit (BRT).
[Photo of Phoenix LRT construction: Valley Metro]
Rails to roads?
The proposed new rules are alarming on a number of levels.
Most notably, they downgrade the importance of land use and economic
development despite congressional direction to the contrary, and they propose to
redefine the definition of "fixed-guideway" to include transit funding for
highway lanes that use tolling schemes – thus diverting rail transit money into roadway (tollway) development.
Why is this important?
To some extent, the FTA's proposed new rules would entrench policy positions
advocated by notorious motor vehicle zealots and transit critics – folks
such as the libertarian Reason Foundation and the Randal O'Toole/Wendell Cox cabal.
The proposed rules ignore current transportation law regarding required project
justification criteria and add new Federal intervention into the local decision-making process.
"If finalized, the new rule-making policy will hamper American cities' ability to build new transit lines for the next 5 years!
However, the fiscal year 2008 appropriations bill moving through congress is an
opportunity to formally weigh in and stop or alter the proposed FTA rule.
In a recent development, Senators Christopher Dodd and Richard Shelby have
proposed an amendment to kill the FTA's new rules.
Transit advocates may wish to communicate their views on this issue to their
own Senators on the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development
Subcommittee, which can be accessed at the following webpage:
UPDATE: Light Rail Now has been informed that the Dodd-Shelby amendment was passed
and has been added to the appropriations bill.
However, President George W. Bush is threatening to veto this legislation.
It's currently unknown whether there are sufficient votes in the US Senate to override such a veto.
More details on the new rule-making
The full text of the FTA's proposed rule can be found at the following URL:
Here are details on what the FTA's new rules would do:
1. FTA would allow High Occupancy Toll (HOT) lanes to qualify for New Starts funding
This would diminish the ability of cities to get funding from an already crowded grant program.
HOT lanes qualify for funding from the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) ... and we all know there's a lot of funding there.
Over 300 New Starts projects – light rail transit (LRT), rail rapid transit, regional
passenger rail ("commuter rail"), bus rapid transit – were authorized by the
SAFETEA-LU federal transportation bill, and the argument by the FTA as to why
they have such an intensive scrutiny of proposals is based mainly on the high demand for limited funding.
Adding High Occupancy Toll freeway lanes to the list of eligible projects further
strains the FTA's ability to fund new transit projects.
[Graphic of HOT lane: Washington State DOT]
2. FTA would make the dreadful (and misnamed) cost-effectiveness index (CEI)
the primary factor in deciding the fate of funding for New Starts projects
This "index" is the same measure that is killing top-quality rail projects, such as the Tyson's Corner Metro extension (Washington, DC area) and has killed, or set back, light rail plans in Columbus, Ohio, Raleigh. NC, and elsewhere.
Almost every city that is looking to build new transit projects is worried about qualifying under this seriously flawed measure, and now it's being made even stronger.
This measure is the reason why Minneapolis's Central Corridor light rail project might not be able to
tunnel under the University of Minnesota, and why locally backed expansion of light rail has been turned into less effective BRT projects in some Houston corridors.
3. FTA Kansas City (which runs on city streets),
and not rail or fixed-guideway BRT projects such as Los Angeles's Orange Line busway.
4. FTA reduces or ignores the importance of land use and economic
development measures
Congress elevated land use and added economic development as project
justification criteria in SAFETEA-LU (the current federal transit authorization). problems and questionable aspects.
The fact that they use those models to determine the "cost-effectiveness" rating – which decides who gets funding – is a problem in itself, as this
rating index can't address all the benefits of fixed-guideway transit.
Furthermore, FTA argues that it's too difficult to separate land use from
economic development, and that the increase in property values associated with
proximity to transit is merely a result of improved time savings alone.
We're sure many zoning offices and developers would be surprised to have these effects categorized so simplistically.
5. FTA's new policy could lower ratings for cities who are trying to address future rather than current congestion issues
The FTA would like to measure the New Starts program by the benefits to
highway users, but ignores the effect of induced demand, which
means that, when you build a new transit project, the space from cars that are
taken off the road by transit is filled by new cars.
The aim of transit opponents – to push money from the transit program into congestion pricing schemes
and not-so-rapid bus projects – would result in less useful transit projects
in corridors that might have real future need.
What can be done?
Transit advocates and other proponents of improved public transportation might
consider contacting their congressmen or senators, to request them to stop the
FTA's proposed rule and give the Department of Transportation a clear directive that the FTA must:.
Light Rail Now! website
URL:
Updated 2007/09/20
More on Policy & Political issues ...
More on Cost, Budget, & Financial issues ...
All website material © 2000-2007 Light Rail Now Project (unless otherwise indicated)
<|endofexample|>
Latest in Ligonier Resources
Why We Trust the Bible: A New Teaching Series from Stephen Nichols
from Nathan W. Bingham May 07, 2013 Category: Ligonier Resources
In this new six-part teaching series, Why We Trust the Bible, Dr. Stephen Nichols equips Christians to know why they can trust Scripture in an age that continually issues attacks against it. He explains the origin of the Bible, why we have sixty-six books, its sufficiency for life and godliness, and more. Keep Reading
R.C. Sproul on Suffering and the Christian Life [Video]
from Nathan W. Bingham Apr 16, 2013 Category: Ligonier ResourcesIn this excerpt from his teaching series, "Dealing with Difficult Problems," Dr. R.C. Sproul considers suffering in the life of a Christian. Keep Reading
Part. Keep Reading
Holy Week Resources
from Nathan W. Bingham Mar 28, 2013 Category: Ligonier ResourcesThis week is Holy Week. Therefore Christians and Christian families all over the world are paying particular attention to the work of Jesus Christ in His life, death, and resurrection.
<|endofexample|>
It’s the first night of school and my tenth graders already have homework… lots of it. My daughter, once she got home–at 7:30–from a school volleyball game, estimated she had three hours of homework to do. Her twin brother, home at 5:00–he does debate-was just finishing up his homework at eight. Their teachers told them to expect 30 minutes to an hour a night of homework per class. Neither of them is taking any AP classes–this is the workload for the average tenth grader at their school.
I’m not going to write about the many conflicting studies about the efficacy of homework. Nor am I going to discuss the troubling tradeoffs that kids make to do well in our competitive high schools. (I will confess to having seen and being moved by Race to Nowhere, a compelling movie about the rat race that is high school for many American students.) No, today I am asking a question: Why can’t high school teachers assign homework a week at a time?
My daughter’s math teacher, a stellar teacher she had last year, gives the kids their assignments for the coming week each Friday. My son’s Latin teacher does the same thing. It’s such a gift to the students in their classes. Kids can organize, plan, and arrange their work. This skill set, interestingly enough, is often cited as a justification for homework. Many believe that homework teaches kids to be responsible, to work independently, and to learn how to manage their time. If those are benefits of homework, surely giving kids a week to plan would additionally sharpen those skills.
I have talked to many teachers and students about this option. Students universally think this is a great idea. Teachers, those who choose to assign homework daily, say that doing so makes it more likely that they assign the right work at the right time. I hear them–and I have the deepest respect for educators–but I think the benefits for students of teachers assigning work a week at time outweigh this concern.
What do you think? Should we ask high school teachers to be more like college professors and move more toward a weekly syllabus? Do you have high school kids with too much homework? Too little? Or, and if this is the case I envy you, just the right amount?
I have a really hard time with our current public education system. I feel it benefits teachers far more than students, which is utterly ridiculous and counter productive.
I, for one, would like to see a syllabus such as I received in college. That would enable everyone to know where they should be at at any given time.
It would allow the student to plan for large assignments accordingly. It would help parents know what was happening and how they should be helping.
What I often see instead is disorganization, last minute planning by educators, inconsistency in the district as a whole (with one 10th grade teacher right on schedule and another two chapters behind with yet a third “improvising” and exhausted students who have to scramble to figure out what the hay is going on.
The only solution I can think of is start hiring college professors to teach at the HS level. They keep office hours, work through the summer – and most importantly know how to plan a semester at a time!
It is more difficult for high school teachers to stick to a syllabus than it is for a college professor. A professor just keeps moving along, not caring whether the students are “getting it.”
A good high school teacher is constantly adjusting their pace. It may end up taking more time than they planned to teach a difficult concept based on the ability level of the class. This is the same reason that different teachers of the same subject might be progressing at different speeds.
As for large assignments, I suspect that many students know about these assignments long before their parents do. The parents usually become involved when the students hit panic mode, realizing that a paper assigned a month ago is due the next day and they haven’t started yet. As a high school librarian, I see that all the time.
Many teachers now post assignments on the school’s web pages and parents who are interested in keeping up should ask if the teacher has a web page.
As for the comment about office hours and working in the summer. I met several times this summer with a teacher who was preparing to teach a new class and wanted my suggestions on her research assignments. And many teachers in my building are willing to meet with students after school – if you can get the kids to show up.
After teaching middle school for 3 years, I also have a hard time with the state of public education. I would argue, however, that is not teachers who benefit from the current system but administrators, central office, and politicians. The district provided a curriculum, lesson plans, tests, and pacing guide to keep teachers on track. I could plan out the entire year if I wanted and would have loved to do that but several things got in the way.
1. No Child Left Behind and the Almighty AYP (Adequate Yearly Progress): Each school has its own goals according to NCLB and woe be unto you if your school fails to meet them. If you work in a failing school (which I did), you have to meet extremely rigorous requirements with an inordinate amount of paperwork. It’s just a fact of life if you’re a teacher so I’m not complaining about that. However, it was not uncommon for administration or central office to send us several different forms to fill out or data analysis to run on a weekly basis…sometimes several times a week in an attempt to prove to the state and the feds that we were doing the best for the kids. Many times these forms and data analysis necessitated a complete change of lesson plans (some times in the middle of the week). It wasn’t because I had written my lesson plans incorrectly but that they wanted to me to include something else in them.
2. New teaching strategies: As a part of profession development (and to prove to the state/feds that we’re doing our best for the kids), every week we were given some new strategy to teach kids because it was the latest and greatest thing that would magically fix our students (I get mad every time I think about this b/c there is no magic band aid. Hard work, time, persistence, encouragement and practice are what’s needed. Yes, there are strategies that are helpful but not the way it was often presented in meetings). Those new strategies were required to be in my lesson plans or I faced professional consequences. This often required changing lesson plans, moving around content to different days or even moving/changing assignments to meet the new requirements…even if it wasn’t the beginning of the week.
3. ratio of SPED and ESL students: Classes with a larger percentage of SPED and ESL students move at a slower pace because the material has to be broken down to a level that the students can be successful. I’m not saying the students aren’t bright or capable but sometimes it takes more time if there is language barrier or a learning disability. That’s not something you can plan out because you never know what students will comprehend immediately or not.
4.Student absence: Because I taught social studies (not math or reading which are tested for AYP), students were often pulled out of my class to get extra practice for these exams…sometimes with little to no warning. What was I supposed to do if over half of my class was gone? Move on and leave the rest behind? If they’re struggling in math and reading, then they sure aren’t doing well in social studies or science which both require reading and math skills. Needless to say, I often had to reteach lessons which put me behind. How are students supposed to do homework on something that they didn’t even learn that day?
5. Homework: I worked in a district that required that all students do homework but you couldn’t give them a grade, force them to turn it in, or do anything punitive if they did not turn it in. Talk about extremely frustrating. Homework in my classroom consisted of 2 things: reviewing notes/vocabulary and finishing class assignments/project that were not completed in class. I do not advocate for a large homework load. 15 to 20 min per class max. Excessive amounts of homework do nothing but make students tired and uninterested in learning. Most nights, my students were to review vocab or notes; that takes 10 to 15 min. On the nights they had to complete an assignment/project, then I would expect that to take a little longer.
I normally posted assignments and projects online (most school districts have some type of online program) for all students and parents to check. Projects normally had a 2 to 3 week completion time where students know the due date from the beginning since it’s on the assignment, posted in my room, and posted online. At that point, it was the students’ and parents’ responsibility to monitor assignments/due dates and to plan accordingly.
Did I mention that I worked for a district who had a policy that students could turn in any assignment (and I couldn’t mark off for lateness) until the next to the last day of school? Guess when most of my 120-150 students turned in assignments/long-term projects? That policy wasn’t for my benefit as a teacher; it kept the parents, administrators, and central office happy. The students didn’t learn anything about planning ahead or time management.
I could provide so many more stories about problems with the system and homework but I’ll spare you
I think that many teachers would love the luxury of providing a syllabus or even assignments a week or two at a time, but it’s often out of their control.
Delia,
Your experience certainly sounds like a horror story. Most especially the part about having to implement new teaching strategies. What’s unfortunate is that much research has been done on this and most shows that sticking with a single basic strategy is what works the best. How unfortunate your school didn’t believe in it.
I can understand your frustration at having students pulled out of the classroom to catch up on other work. Back in the old days we could do that at home but these days, with so much homework, that is simply impossible. That is one reason why I am so against heavy homework loads. It gives no time to students who are behind to catch up or for students who need extra study time to achieve it. They are already so overloaded they can’t squeeze out extra time.
When I went to college I was terrified. It turned out to be the best learning experience of my life. I went from someone who hated school to someone who rushed to class. When I switched my son to a university based high school he became a much better student as well. There are probably lots of reasons for this but one of them is the fact that you are given the work and the opportunity to learn it at your pace. There are no surprises, no time wasters (like building a castle with cardboard and tin foil which took us hours during fourth grade). Because the teachers teach from the book there is no missing information – it is there, in a solid form for whenever you need it.
I’m not sure what my school was preparing me for but it certainly never resembled college.
I am glad I had the option to send my son to a school that was more university based. I feel like it has better prepared him for a university and for learning in the real world environment.
Our public school system is plagued with so many problems. I don’t think there are easy solutions. I just know that what we are doing doesn’t work.
maggie b.
I would be very interested to know how countries with successful and improving school systems handle homework. I know that in many places, students have longer school years which allows teachers to spread out the learning over more days. Logically, it would seem to me that this would result in less homework on a nightly basis for students as well as more time to complete major projects. I know that extending the school year is a huge hot button issue for teachers and politicians, but it sure seems like one solution that might be in the best interest of stressed out and overloaded kids.
Having just watched my ninth grader spend 2.5 hours on a math assignment, I’d have to agree with Dabney. Though I looked at the homework, which WAS planned out ahead of time; the same paper listed the next several assignments. Still, it seemed like an awful lot of problems to me. About half as many would have made sense to. I still remember all I learned in 3rd or 4th grade about the 13 colonies because we made costumes, put on skits and had fun with.
Jennie: I think the point maggie b was making about time waster projects has more to do with projects that don’t have any reason or curriculum tie in than doing something that is actually relevant to class. There is nothing more frustrating in school (esp. middle and high school) to be given an assignment that really has no purpose but to keep you busy. I loathed those types of projects as a student.
I would agree that projects are important especially ones that use multiple learning modalities (sight, hearing, touch, etc) and learning intelligences (kinetic, visual/spatial, mathematical/logical, verbal/linguistic, etc). The more parts of your brain you use, the better you remember. I assigned projects with every unit because I think they teach important academic and life skills. However, any project that is assigned needs to meet curriculum standards and further a student’s learning process. Sure it’s great that a student can build a castle and maybe even name parts of it, but that’s not really what’s significant. Can the student articulate the 7 W’s: who, what, when, where, why, w’how, and w’significance? (Yes, I know the last 2 sound silly but it helps my students remember to include them.) That’s what a child should take out of every project or assignment. If an assignment/project can’t do that, then it’s waste of time. That’s just my two cents worth
Thanks Dalia, I didn’t know they have kids doing projects that weren’t relevant to a course lesson.
I don’t remember that we ever made a castle or did projects not related to our studies. Why would they even do that? I know that’s a rhetorical question. lol If they were doing something from that time period it might be ok.
I am always surprised when chatting with younger people (most everyone now is younger) They are constantly saying they never knew that, or they don’t believe it. I ask what the heck were you doing in school, sleeping? Things I learned in grammar school they don’t know today. Recently I was talking to a young man of 21 that moved in across the street and he can’t read. I’m astounded. He can make out enough for simple things and he tries to sound out the words. It’s heart wrenching. I have no idea how to help him learn to read.
While doing some genealogy I was reading some newspaper articles from 1913 and confess that they used words in the articles I have never even heard in my life and had to look up. I have an extensive vocabulary thanks to my mother and a good public school education. But those old papers showed me that our ancestors had even better educations. So it has just slowly gone down hill.
I don’t blame the teachers as there are few that are truly bad. I blame what was posted above about the government taking over and making all these silly rules and standards and tests. It started some time ago when the government decided that too many districts and states had schools doing poorly from lack of funds. So the made the states turn over tax money to them and said they would redistribute the wealth so the poorer schools would have more money. You know the rest of the story. lol
Nobody really knows what Google is thinking. We get a few hints every now and then from people like Matt Cutts but other than that it is all pure speculation.
Paula I have two more questions. I started a generic shopping blog focused on a wide variety of niches. My first question is when you said…”When you start seeing sales for one of your product reviews, only then should you start writing another product review.” should I only focus on that 1st product review? and the second question is can I use some of the same content from one of the other reviews for another review of a similar product? i.e. The “What to Look for” Section for elliptical trainers.
prescription glasses cheap…
[...]rethinking homework « AAR After Hours[...]…
<|endofexample|>
ATM Machine Toy
ATM Machine Bank: Kid Friendly or Are You Kidding?
Money, money, money — do kids like playing bank? The invention of plastic cell phones and mini laptops were somewhat expected, but the Summit ATM ($30) caught me by surprise. Tots can play drive–through, only instead of just sitting pretty, this box of plastic is actually a working bank. Kids can store their dollars and coins while the machine keeps tabs of the amount.
Are you all for teaching youngsters about money or do you think an ATM machine seems a tad extravagant?
18 Comments
<|endofexample|>
I had a wonderful day at Porters Paints' Furniture Painting Course last Saturday with the talented Polly Dale. She has an impressive resume and is an extremely talented woman. She studied at the famous Isabel O’Neil Studio Workshop in New York then perfected her techniques at the exclusive Van der Kelen Institute of Superior Painting in Brussels. Polly was very generous with her knowledge and I appreciate her insights. When I told my mum that I was doing a painting course she said "well it's a bit late for that!" but I really enjoyed my day painting especially as I hadn't had a solid block of time to paint all school holidays and I did pick up some pointers from Polly, so it was all worthwhile. Porters run courses every month so if you are keen to learn or improve your furniture painting it is a good option.
Porters Paints are well known in Australia for their beautiful range of waterbased paints and speciality finishes. I decided to use their Milk Paint on the bedsides I bought for the class. They were plain pine bedsides, very well made and in fabulous condition but that honey gold pine colour that I dislike so much.
From Porter's website: Porter.
The milk paint was a bit tricky to paint with at first. You have to mix it from powder with water, and stir and stir and stir...rest it, then strain it through muslin, more stirring and then finally you are ready to paint. You also can't go over your brush strokes so you have to think carefully how you are going to paint. On these tables I used the beautiful Porter's limeproof undercoat, 2 coats of milk paint, lots and lots of sanding and then Porters Wax. The bedsides have the most beautiful smooth finish I've ever seen. They gleam like glass. I have lightly distressed them for a beautiful country shabby chic look.
The drawers are dovetailed and on runners.
Despite how fabulous these look next to our bed, these are for sale as a pair.
If you are interested please leave a comment or email me.
cheers
Fiona
They look great Fiona, love the ginger jars.
Nice to see some distressing there LOL.
Sandy xx
Ha ha Sandy -these are YOUR ginger jars! i unwrapped them for the photo. I was going to mention it in the post but forgot to. knew you'd like them. glad.
re the distressing you should have seen Polly trying to get me to distress , I would do a tiny bit and say "enough?" and she'd say "more, double more", hilarious.
i'm very pleased how these have turned out.
have a good day
cheers Fiona
They look great Fiona...I have had a sack of white milk paint for months now but have only played with it on some trays so far. It is a pain to mix up, but I know the smooth finish you mean. Perhaps I will have to organise a trip to Sydney to go and do their course, I'd love to try some of their acrylics, the colours look stunning!
xx Karen
hi Karen. thanks. if you do come to sydney for the course come and stay with me. would be fun. Porters acrylics are divine also. i have quite a few tins.
cheers Fiona
aww thanks Fiona, what a sweet offer! What is your favourite colour in the Porters acrylics?
they look so pretty! lovely job!
This comment has been removed by the author.
Did you have to sand these before you primed? I've heard that chalk paint there's no sanding required. I've been meaning to try milk paint because it's environmentally friendly - is it cost effective?
hi Lilian, yes I very lightly sanded before priming. I sand everything ever so slightly. because I sell my furniture I never skip steps as I would hate for one of my clients to have a problem down the track with their piece. Milk Paint is very expensive in Australia. A bag of it is $47.50 and that would cover 4 bedside tables in 2 coats. I used half a bag on these. Does that help?
cheers Fiona
<|endofexample|>
Students from Putrnam County performed Sunday afternoon during the Putnam County All-County Band & Choir Concert. This year’s event was held at the Ottawa-Glandorf High School Gymnasium.
Anthony Alessandrini directed the all-county band. In addition to serving 28 years as the director of bands at Van Wert City Schools, Alessandrini has performed with numerous orchestras.
Directing the all-county choir was Dr. Crystal Y. Sellers Battle. Dr. Battle is an assistant professor of music at Bluffton University. Dr. Sellers was the first doctoral student at Ohio State University to complete the Singing Health Specialist interdisciplinary graduate specialization.
Students who have participated all four years in the county band and choir show were given special recognition.
Read more about it and see more pictures in March 13 Putnam Voice
<|endofexample|>
Linda Virgoe Dance Studios
The Linda Virgoe Dance Studios at Quedgeley in Gloucester is one of the counties premiere centres for dance and drama, situated only minutes from junction 12 of the M5.
Classes also held at Berkeley, Slimbridge and Brockworth. Please call the studio for a timetable.
Expert tuition in dance and drama
The facilities include: three professional studios, fully equipped with sprung floors, ballet barres and mirrors; a coffee bar to enjoy refreshments and light lunches; a dance wear and accessory shop; changing rooms and easy parking.
The studios offer a superb range of dance and fitness classes for all ages and abilities, including ballet, tap, jazz and modern dance, through to singing lessons, drama and gymnastics. Pupils are entered for examinations during the year to mark their achievements.
The pupils also have the opportunity to take part in dance festivals around the county as well as in the studio’s own stunning drama and dance performances. During the summer holidays the studios run a variety of popular dance and theatre courses
Fun and friendly environment
For all budding dancers, stage stars or pop stars, the friendly teachers at the studios will help them learn the skills to realize their dreams. But the studios are equally ideal for those who just want to improve their fitness, posture and confidence whilst having fun.
New pupils are always welcome
The Linda Virgoe Dance Studio is a Royal Academy of Dancing (RAD) and an Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (ISTD) Approved Dance Centre.
<|endofexample|>
Ed…
Kensington Zebra July 2011
1420106988
$6.99 Paperback
Watch the video promo
The Pen and Muse:
With a cast of strong characters, Townsend will blow you away with To Touch the Knight. Townsend’s historical romance is down right delicious read because it not only encompasses romance, it tells us what 1391 during the plague was like and how there was those who sought to exploit others during the time. Knight Sir Ranulf of Frendenwyke doesn’t like what’s happening around him, but there is little he can do. It’s all about how both Edith and Ranulf interact with each other and if Edith will feel safe telling him her true story about being a princess, after all her people come first before anything else. The passion and interaction is electric between the two, those who love historical, medieval romance are sure to like this wonderful story during a time that was not as beautiful.
Red Roses for Authors:. This book completely deserves its five red roses.…
Romance Junkies:
Each with their own secret to hide, the black death at their door and lives at stake; the reader will find themselves taken back to a time when clearly the nobles were anything but, and those who are willing to sacrifice everything for the poor, are few and far between. You will fall in love with the sensuous, but sweet interactions between Sir Ranulf and the mysterious princess as their story takes us on a journey through one of the most horrific times in history. A definite must read...
Joyfully Reviewed:
To Touch The Knight is a finely woven tale that has more than one intrigue you don’t expect in a historical. Ms. Townsend is able to bring forth a happy ending to a group of people who were horrifically affected by the plague. I was so intrigued by the plot in To Touch The Knight I was unable to put it down until I finished the last page. If you want a little different historical romance then I Joyfully Recommend To Touch The Knight.
All About Romance:
The whole “heroine masquerading as someone else” plot device has been done to death, oftentimes in such a silly manner that it is impossible to take the story seriously. Edith’s deceit, though, worked for me because a) there was a real element of danger involved, and c) she does an excellent job of remaining in character. Edith hatches this plan as a way to ensure that she and the villagers live a reasonably comfortable life in the face of being virtually ousted from their fief. And though Edith may lapse at times, like forgetting her gloves, she is always aware of her position and the grave consequences of discovery. All of this illustrates Edith’s intelligence and resourcefulness as the reader learns how and why the idea for the masquerade comes to her.
The overall feel of the novel was very authentic for me. The Middle Ages were brutal, difficult times and the author does not shy away from that. The specter of the Black Death looms ever present, to the point that it almost feels like another character. The characters have witnessed the devastation it has wrought over the land and are terrified of its power, particularly Edith. Her brother Gregory died of the pestilence after they escaped confinement in the church. Though deceased, his presence haunts Edith throughout the story in the form of her conscience. This, as well as her openly agnostic beliefs, adds an interesting dimension to her character.
Ranulf also hears the voice of his late wife Olwen in his thoughts, however, in sharp contrast to Edith, he has retained his traditional belief system. I found the contrast in their beliefs unusual, but welcome, territory for the author to explore and I give kudos to her for each character maintaining their stance throughout the novel. Edith does not suddenly resolve her doubts and anger with the discovery of true love, though Ranulf makes great strides in easing her troubles. For me this helped to make her a believable character and I appreciated that she maintained her independent way of thinking.
... Minor criticisms aside, I would recommend To Touch the Knight to lovers of medieval stories, especially those with fascinating, well-characterized heroines.
Romantic Times:
Compelling characters and suspenseful moments will keep readers well entertained, but the dark motifs and plague plotline may be too somber for some.
<|endofexample|>
MagazineArt.org is a trove of magazine covers and advertising illustration from the decades around the turn of the 20th Century.
Though a number of names of illustrators from that era have become familiar, many many more are still obscure, rarely featured or highlighted. The illustrations in the MagazineArt.org archives are heavy on the latter, light on the former.
If you dig, you can find some gems by artists like Maxfield Parrish (above, second down) Coles Phillips (4th down) and others.
The real draw here, though, is the unknown artists, both good and wonderfully cheesy. There is a search feature, but discoveries are best made by browsing.
You can start off in galleries sorted by topic (note the numbered links at bottom to subsequent pages) and drill down into individual titles.
Don’t be hasty to pass up categories that might not be of interest to you as a reader. Some of the best illustrations are in women’s magazines and weekly titles like Collier’s; some of the most fun are in the science magazines and pulps.
Thanks a whole bunch, Charley! There went the rest of my week…
They just don’t make ‘em like that anymore, do they? What a treasure trove you’ve found for us! You really ought to get a public service award (with cash attached, of course)!
Those were the days; Mc.Call’s Magazine 1905 – Fifty Cents a Year.
5 Cents a Copy.
As a small kid I adored Norman Rockwell (Saturday Evening Post).
Please, don’t miss the Rockwell files:
Charley, thanx for the link. Now, if someone could launch a site featuring large scans of pre-WWII posters, particularly travel posters…
@Valentino: Great idea! Have you thought about doing it…yourself?
That’s what happened to me a few years ago. I asked a similar question, the one about all those magazine covers that nobody ever saw any more, and realized nobody else was going to do it.
It doesn’t even need to cost any money; it will take a little bit of your time, though.
You will definitely be surprised and pleased to find out how many other people will share your interest.
-magscanner
Beautiful illustrations dug up here, feels like I’m back in 1895 again, ah, the good ‘ol days. Especially liked the name drop of Collier :)
<|endofexample|>
Meet New Wonderbra Face – Adriana Cernanova
We are glad to inform you that Wonderbra have presented their new model and face of the brand – Adriana Cernanova. The girl is pretty, sexy and has a totally perfect figure. Besides, she is new to the industry, so the interest is really heightened to her.
Adriana Cernanova is Slovakian by origin and is 5ft 11 tall. She has a charming smile and fabulous blond hair. To add to this she has confidence to follow the likes of Dita Von Teese (See DITA VON TEESE’S LINGERIE COLLECTION FOR WONDERBRA)and Eva Herzigova into the world of Wonderbra modeling.
Adriana Cernanova is very excited about being the new face of Wonderbra. She said:
Eva is Czech and Adriana is Slovakian so they are very close to me. It’s amazing to be an icon.”
Talking about underwear she was promoting Adriana said:
It is important to always have nice underwear and Wonderbra is special in that way because it makes you feel even sexier.”
Wonderbra team hopes Adriana Cernanova will boost their sales. A spokeswoman of the label commented:
She is fun, naturally sexy and smart — and exudes a confidence that really sets her apart.”
DISCUSS IT WITH OTHERS ON MILLIONTALKS!
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to Link4Life
Link4Life have some fantastic events taking place at Heywood Civic Centre, Middleton Arena & Touchstones Rochdale in the forthcoming weeks including Julian Clary live on stage at the Middleton Arena in May.
Also appearing at the Arena are NAC Open UK Body Building Championships, Happy Days: A New Musical (NMAODS), The Peter Cowap Music Festival and An Evening of Mediumship with TV Psychic Tony Stockwell.
Heywood Civic Centre will be hosting La Cage Aux Folles (presented by HAODS), Live Comedy, 1940s, Heywood Festival of Dance, Soul & Motown Nites, The Bradshaws and much more...
The award winning Arts & Heritage Centre at Touchstones Rochdale has something for everyone including the following current exhibitions Compulsive: ATIC Studios, Sea, Bloom and Natasha Daintry: Fluid Colour.
Bank Holiday opening times for Link4Life Centres
May Half Term Activities
Link4Life has some fantastic activities for children during the May half-term holidays, right across Rochdale borough. Allow your children to make the most of the holidays; taking part in various sports based games, and arts activities in a fun, safe and supervised environment.
Activities will be taking place across a number of Link4Life venues from Tuesday 28 - Friday 31 May 2013 as well as out in the community.
Activities include: Shokk Gym/Dance, Mats/X Box Games, Tri-Golf Indoor, Art Classes, Trampolining, Village Glee, Sport Zone, Football Fridays, Mini Tennis, Fit N Fun, Sports Camp and Active Kids.
Follow this link to the School Holiday Programme.
Julian Clary - Position Vacant: Apply Within
- Details
- Category: Middleton Arena
Wednesday 29 May 2013
Master of camp and Celebrity Big Brother Winner, Julian Clary is scouring the land in search of love. He's promised to leave no straight unturned.
"Hilarious ... vintage Clary." What's Onstage
Time: 8pm (Doors open 7:30pm)
Ticket price: £20
Visit to buy online or 0871 230 0010, or in person at the Arena box office. (booking fee applies to online bookings).
<|endofexample|>
Popular Guides
View more guides at Linux Wiki Guides
Bill Giannikos
If you would like to edit this page please first view our Editing Guidelines.
In this article we will be discussing ways in preparing your computer for Linux. While this article is focused on laptops, most of the information presented will be useful for desktop computers as well.
While installing Linux we will be modifying the partition table on your hard drive. Unless you don't care about the contents of your hard drive, it is highly recommended that you create a backup of your system before proceeding any further.
Please also make note that most laptops don't come with recovery CDs anymore, rather they have a hidden partition on your hard drive to store this data. However most manufacturers provide you a utility to create the CDs required, so you may also like to make use of this. Warning: You will likely see this hidden partition when you use a partitioning tool. I would highly recommend you leave it totally alone unless you know what you are doing.
There are two ways of installing Linux on your laptop, either as a dual boot system with Microsoft Windows or a standalone system with just Linux. If you choose the later then you may continue to step 3 as all that is required is to wipe the hard drive clean.
If you have chosen a dual boot system (as you want to use both Microsoft Windows and Linux) then you will need to prepare your hard drive to hold both. Since most laptops come with Microsoft Windows pre-installed, it is normal for the entire space on your hard drive to already be allocated to Windows.
First, decide how much space you would like to allocate to each operating system. I would recommend leaving a minimum of 10GB for both. Since most Windows installations supplied with modern laptops are using the NTFS filesystem which Linux can not write to, you may also like to consider leaving room for a small FAT32 partition. FAT32 is the only file system both Windows and Linux can easily read and write to, so a small partition may be useful in transferring files from Windows to Linux and back.
Next you will need to purchase or download an application which is capable of resize a NTFS partition. The most popular one is Partition Magic but I like to use BootIt NG. How to use these utilities is out of scope for this document, but you should resize the NTFS partition to the size you want and create the FAT32 partition if you would like one. Don't create any Linux partitions just yet, let the Linux installer do that.
Many laptops will not boot from the optical drive by default so you will need to find how to get your laptop to boot from it. You should read your laptop's manual for this information but you normally need to push either the ESC, F1, F10 or F12 key when you turn on the system. Insert your installation CD/DVD into your optical drive, press the correct key to bring up the boot menu and select the optical drive. You should now be booting from the Linux installation CD.
You should now be ready to install Linux. You may like to read our installation guides for details on how to install a number of different Linux distributions.
Discussion
<|endofexample|>
As of yesterday afternoon (almost evening) the Circuit City store in Poughkeepsie, NY (store number 3197) had several in stock, call 914-297-5082 ask for Jeff. Cost was $99 plus NY sales tax. He is relatively clueless about what I-Openers are, however he is somewhat knowlegable as to how to discover whats in the back inventory of CC. My suggestion is you not delay long as it is possible by the time you read this others will have as well, some possibly interested in the unopened I-Openers themselves.
If it helps, I visited this store 3 prior times, and each time the sales and front desk staff assured me they had none in stock, only when I found someone who had a clue as to what was really in the back (a manager) did I get a positive. My strong suggestion is for you to visit managers of local stores during off hours and inquire politely (as I suggest you if you do call be polite to Jeff).
Happy shopping!
<|endofexample|>
From: Gavin McCullagh (gavin at domain fiachra.ucd.ie)
Date: Thu 02 Aug 2001 - 12:41:59 IST
On Thu, 02 Aug 2001, Paul Jakma wrote:
> On Thu, 2 Aug 2001, Gavin McCullagh wrote:
>
> > Ideally I don't
> > want a simple cron job once a week which empties the ilug folder
> > into eg ilug-week29 as this will inevitably break-off *threads*
> > which are ongoing.
> well in pine you can have folders be 'pruned' every month.
regrettably pine also breaks threads except by being crap at threading when you've patched it to do it in the first place ;)
> but you use mutt... ah well.
quite so.
Gavin
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.1.6 : Thu 06 Feb 2003 - 13:11:26 GMT
<|endofexample|>
From: Colm Buckley (colm at domain tuatha.org)
Date: Fri 20 Aug 1999 - 16:09:29 IST
> However while we mention it !
> Is it the operation of this mailing list to allow only posts from people who
> are members of the list ? (Like listbot - which also allows you to list
> acceptable alternative email address you may post from on a per user basis).
No.. # Quantum mechanics: the dreams stuff is made of.
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.1.6 : Thu 06 Feb 2003 - 13:04:29 GMT
<|endofexample|>
From: alan509 (mande at domain indigo.ie)
Date: Sat 23 Oct 1999 - 20:37:00 IST
HI,
Im trying to get my D-link DE-220P ethernet card working with linux
while still functional with windows.
I can set it to PnP mode or Non PnP mode where i set it irq , i/o etc.
With PnP mode its set up irq = 5 i/o = 240
Then i put it into non pnp mode ( so linux can use also)
under the same settings irq = 5 i/o = 240
Then i reboot into windows i have no network card at all and now my sound
card which was at irc = 9 i/o =E800-E83F
now goes onto irq = 5
so no network card is found at all.
I cannot change irq of sound card.
I now decide to change irc of NIC
to irq = 9 i/o = 240
But it tell me i canot do this.
Damn.
There are no irqs availible.
All taken up by other devices...
Anyone know how i can set the card to irq=5 i/o = 240 while when i reboot
sound card is still at irq= 9
???
This is really annoying.. i have even got a 3com card from a friend but it
turns out this 3com card is busted :(
Any help with this would be excellent.....
Even some way of getting te card in PnP mode working with linux.
Thanks in advance,
Alan
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.1.6 : Thu 06 Feb 2003 - 13:04:46 GMT
<|endofexample|>
Hmmm, your kernel was build on May 21st, but how old is your codebase, 2.4.2
predates this by a while. There are a number of NFS related fixes to XFS
in later kernels. The most recent 2.4.5 patches are here:
patch-2.4.5-bdev-ioctl - fixes initial ram disk creation
patch-2.4.5-xfs-1.0.1-core - core kernel changes
patch-2.4.5-xfs-1.0.1-kdb - kdb debugger
patch-xfs-1.0.1-only - xfs itself
Or the cvs tree is also available, just about to go up to 2.4.6-pre6
Steve
> I've been getting several different kinds of errors somewhat
> consistently
> on my nfs mounted xfs partition in my home network. Here are the
> vitals:
>
> Network: 100Mbit switched
>
> NFS server (parsec):
> Alpha running Debian GNU/Linux
> parsec:/var/log# uname -a
> Linux parsec 2.4.2-XFS #4 Mon May 21 17:28:46 MST 2001 alpha unknown
> Promise UDMA/33 PCI controller
> 80G Maxtor IDE drive
> 30G xfs partition (/gulf) exported via user-space Linux nfs server v2.2
> second 30G ext2 partition (/memoryhole) also exported
> linux-2.4-xfs-1.0.patch
> (yes, I know it's somewhat perverse to be using an IDE hd on a SCSI
> Alpha with a PC IDE controller to create an SGI partition and then
> export it via nfs...)
>
> NFS client (erg):
> x86 linux (RH 6.2)
>
> First noticed errors of the form:
>
> somefile: No such file or directory
>
> when untarring a 200MB tarball of my /usr/doc directory to the nfs
> partition from the client (erg). I've also gotten "Input/Output error"s
> several times.
>
> Untarring locally on parsec wasn't a problem, nor was untarring from erg
> to the ext2 partition.
>
> This script usually gives me errors, but not always. Just now, it ran
> fine on directories 0 and 1, but then:
>
> ...
> 1+0 records in
> 1+0 records out
> 1+0 records in
> 1+0 records out
> 1+0 records in
> 1+0 records out
> dd: 2/0: No such file or directory
> dd: 2/1: No such file or directory
> dd: 2/2: No such file or directory
> dd: 2/3: No such file or directory
> dd: 2/4: No such file or directory
> ...
>
> The script:
> #!/usr/bin/perl
>
> #Cause problems on my nfs'ed xfs partition -JH
>
> for($i=0; $i<500; $i++) {
> system("mkdir $i");
> for($j=0; $j<100; $j++) {
> $size = int(rand(10000));
> system("dd if=/dev/zero of=$i/$j bs=$size count=1");
> # system("cp /tmp/qwerty $i/$j");
> }
> }
>
> The script runs fine when the cwd is in the exported ext2 partition,
> and sometimes even works on the xfs partition. The /usr/doc tarball
> seems to always have problems.
>
> Something screwy seems to be going on with writing to files just after
> creating directories, but changing it to this also produces occasional
> I/O
> errors:
>
> #!/usr/bin/perl
>
> for($i=0; $i<500; $i++) {
> for($j=0; $j<100; $j++) {
> $size = int(rand(10000));
> system("dd if=/dev/zero of=$j bs=$size count=1");
> }
> }
>
> Interestingly, just now I ran that script and then did this:
>
> [jason@erg] /gulf/test$ rm -rf *
> rm: cannot remove `0': Input/output error
>
> And now I get:
> [jason@erg] /gulf/test$ ls -la
> ls: 0: Input/output error
> total 8
> drwxrwsr-x 2 jason nfsusers 14 Jun 8 02:34 .
> drwxrwsr-x 21 root nfsusers 8192 Jun 8 02:02 ..
>
> Yet, from parsec locally:
> parsec:/gulf/test# ls -la
> total 8
> drwxrwsr-x 2 jason nfsusers 14 Jun 8 01:34 .
> drwxrwsr-x 21 root nfsusers 8192 Jun 8 01:02 ..
> -rw-rw-r-- 1 jason nfsusers 0 Jun 8 01:33 0
>
> So, something screwy is going on, restricted to nfs accesses of the xfs
> partition. No troubles locally, and none with the exported ext2 fs.
> Oddly enough, nothing interesting in the logs of either machine, either.
>
> -J
<|endofexample|>
Linux Forum offers a friendly GNU/Linux Forum with thousands of active members.
We highly recommend them.
Subscribe to the Linux Central newsletters and receive regular updates on our product catalog and special offers!
submit
Featured customer testimonial: “One of my favorite places to shop online!...”
Read what our customers are saying about us...
<|endofexample|>
Errors encountered by the ACP Modem device driver or application are logged using the syslog utility.
The ACP device driver supports a debug argument to enable the generation of trace information. The command for this debug is listed below. You can also access several of the variables listed below in the mwaved script.
Where the following debug trace information is selectable:
Trace information is logged using the syslog utility.
The ACP application supports tracing through the use of flags configured in the [STARTUP] section of the mwavem.conf file.
Mwave Manager API trace points:
MEIO Manager trace points:
Mwave Modem application trace points:
Trace information is logged using the syslog utility.
<|endofexample|>
I've been going through my collection of games lately, and realized that I have Tribes 2, and Descent 3 for Linux. Those can also be hosted by me.
I also have a copy of Shogo:MAD for Win32 which I believe will work with the Linux version accross the internet. I'll do some more checking, but if that works out then I can host that as well. Eventually I want to own Rune, Rune: Halls of Valhalla, SiN, and as well the Linux copy of Shogo:MAD.
As it currently stands, I have challenged Babbing to a game of Tetris Attack on Monday from 8:00-10:00PM. EST. I'll let everyone know how that goes.
After this I think I'm going to host a game that requires as little resources as possible. To be a small deathmatch level probably. I'm thinking either Quake III, or Unreal Tournament (Classic).
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
– resulting output file, the first column is the common column that is present in all 20 files and the following sets of two columns after that are the last two columns of each text file (i.e. columns 2 and 3 are columns 2 and 3 of GSM1.txt, columns 4 and 5 are columns 2 and 3 of GSM 2.txt and so on...) (HowTos)
<|endofexample|>
"If. If you have followed any of my posts on jaysonbroughton.com, I use a 3-factor authentication with OpenVPN (user name, certificate & One-Time-Password). But if I want to check on one of my servers from the house via my Android, or a computer where I don't have administrative rights (required of my custom portable OpenVPN client), or even tunnel vnc over ssh to fix a problem on my better half's Linux laptop.
So as always, time to dispense with the necessities. I use Debian in a virtual environment so your results may vary. In this case I am using OpenSSH_5.3p1 as a Server and a mix of OpenSSH 5.X ssh clients with my examples. Before I get too far into tunneling I'll say this: If you feel the need to use SSH tunneling via http or reverse SSH tunnels to bypass your corporate firewall make sure you are not violating any of your companies Internet Acceptable Use Policy. This goes without saying, your System Administrators will hunt you down and fry you when they find that you're bypassing the content filter or setting a reverse tunnel in order to tunnel back into a server at work. As a System Administrator myself, I take immense pleasure in locating such individuals. At the very least check with your Network/System Administrator so they are not caught off-guard. LinuxJournal.com and myself are not liable for your blatant violations of your corporate policy :-) With that said, let's have some fun shall we?
Creating an SSH tunnel is actually quite easy. Figuring out what to do with it once you have learned how to create a tunnel might be slightly more difficult. So I'll give you a few use cases to get your mind churning before we get into the details of creating a tunnel. I used to travel quite a bit before kids and with a previous IT job. When I traveled I would end up in the strangest of hotel rooms (you know the kind) with even stranger wireless access points. Do you really want to connect to a wireless access point where the SSID of the hotel is missspelled? Or the airport where there appears to be quite a few open WAP's? When I'm out and about I will tunnel my http traffic through ssh on my rooted droid to my home server. If I'm on my laptop/netbook I'll open an ssh tunnel and route http traffic via socks5 so that all of my traffic is encrypted via ssh then back out to me. I wouldn't trust an open WAP as far as I can throw it. What about anything else in plain text? I've tunneled SMTP traffic on my computer back to the house when certain places I've been block outbound SMTP. Same thing goes with pop3 (of which I've recently changed over to imap-s). Other examples of ssh tunneling include X11 applications tunneled via SSH, and VNC sessions. One of the things I brought up earlier is reverse tunneling, which is..well you got it, the reverse of tunneling. In this case you create a tunnel from a server that is behind a firewall with no SSH servers to an SSH server. Then when you log into that SSH server you can re-establish the connection. What good is that you say? Well if your corporate VPN is down, or requires Windows only VPN clients but you really don't want to lug your laptop home to check on a process running when you get home you can reverse tunnel. In this case you would establish a connection from server X to your home machine. Once you arrived at the house you would re-establish the connection to server X, thus bypassing the firewall/VPN and checking on the process without having to establish a VPN connection. I do this very rarely as I feel this is bad juju, bypassing all the rules setup on my firewall and VPN is usually a last resort.
So there are your examples for SSH tunneling, now let's show you how to get 'er done.
Before we get too carried away on the client side of things there are a few
things that need to be edited on the server-side of sshd.config. in
/etc/ssh/sshd_config I tend to make the following changes. Before you get too
carried away, make a copy of /etc/ssh/sshd_config origional file so you have a
reference in case something goes horribly wrong.
cp /etc/ssh/sshd_config /etc/ssh/sshd_config.orig
# Force SSH Protocol 2 Protocol 2 #Turn on Privileged Separation for security UsePrivilegeSeparation yes #Deny root login PermitRootLogin no #Do not allow empty passwords PermitEmptyPasswords no # Forward my X Sessions X11Forwarding yes X11DisplayOffset 10 # I hate Motd displays PrintMotd no # It's alliivee TCPKeepAlive yes
Don't forget if you do make any changes to your sshd_config file, you need to restart your sshd service in order to make the necessary changes.
All right, lets get into switches. No no, not the switches your 'pa made you pull off the tree branch when you broke ma's favorite vase, SSH switches.
A typical SSH tunnel (without tunneling X) looks like this:
ssh -N -p 22 bob@mylinuxserver.xxx -L 2110:localhost:110
Where:
- -N
- = Do not execute a remote command
- -p 22
- = External SSH port 22. I tend to use other external SSH ports to keep skript kiddies from hitting my home SSH server
- bob@mylinuxserver.xxx
- = username@hostname(or ip address)
- -L 2110/localhost/110
- = Bind information. Broken down as such: client-port:hostname:hostport - In this example your binding POP3 on the server to your localhost port 2110
So how about some examples?
Forward pop3 and smtp through SSH:
ssh -N -p 2022 bob@mylinuxserver.xxx -L 2110:localhost:110 -L 2025:localhost:25
Forward google Talk through SSH:
(-g Allows remote hosts to connect to local forwarding ports)
ssh -g -p 2022 -N bob@mylinuxserver.xxx 5223:talk.google.com:5223
Basically anything that is sent in plain-text can be secured via SSH tunneling. Once you have established the tunnel, on the client-side you would configure your settings for the hostname as localhost and the port as your 'client-port', be it 2110,2020,5223, or any other port that you have selected to forward through.
Encrypt your HTTP Traffic
This is another one that goes without saying. If you work for a company that has an 'IT Acceptable Use Policy' check before you do this. This is one that I use whenever I'm out of town or in a place that I don't trust the wifi. On an android I'll use my SSHTunnel app, but if I'm on my laptop I use the following SSH command
ssh -D 5222 bob@mylinuxserver.xxx -N
After you make a connection, then set your browser of choice (or any application that allows proxy) to localhost:5222. This will create a dynamic port forward and tunnel all the application traffic through your SSH server, both encrypting your data and bypassing content filters.
Tunneling X and VNC Sessions
Remember when you added 'X11Forwarding yes' to your sshd_config? This is where tunneling X comes in.
ssh -X -p 2022 bob@mylinuxserver.xxx
You guessed it, -X tunnels X. Remember though, this will tunnel X apps from your remote machine to your client machine running Linux. If you somehow find you're on a Microsoft Windows machine and want to tunnel, just install Cygwin/X () on your guest OS. I haven't personally tried this but from what I understand it gives you an X windowing system that should allow you to run your remote X apps in Windows.
When it comes to tunneling VNC sessions, you have to be careful. If the client you're tunneling from has a vnc server running on say 5900, make sure you don't decide to put your local forwarding port at 5900 or you will just connect right back to yourself. Connecting via VNC is as straight forward as any of the other services:
ssh -p 2022 bob@mylinuxserver.xxx -L 5900:localhost:5900
In this example your connecting to ssh external port 2022 as user bob to mylinuxserver.com. Your local forwarding port is 5900, the port you want to forward is mylinxuserver.com's 5900 vnc. Once you setup the forward you can open up your vnc client of choice and type: localhost:0 at which point you should be connected via vnc to your remote desktop. If you used 5901, then it would be localhost:1, and so on and so forth.
Reverse SSH Tunnels
Oh yes it's time for my favorite part of SSH tunneling. Sure, getting access to a service from behind SSH is nice, so is tunneling your web traffic through encrypted SSH tunnels. But the real surprise comes when you can reverse the tunnel. As I've outlined earlier, a reverse tunnel is when you are behind a firewall that has no SSH server, but need to access it at a later date (be it minutes/hours/days later) but don't want or have the ability to VPN in. You would connect to your SSH server from that machine, then reverse the tunnel by connecting to that open connection..
So the steps to create a reverse SSH tunnel are as follows:
- From client machine:
ssh -R remoteport:localhost:22 username@servername
ex:
ssh -R 2048:localhost:22 bob@mylinuxserver.xxx
- From server side (to re-establish the tunnel):
ssh -p 2048 localhost
And there you have it, a reverse tunnel. Yay!
For you visual learners out there, daddoo and nerdboy4200 from #linuxjournal got together and whipped up a message sequence chart using mscgen (). Yes it's opensource, and really awesome. I tried my hand at creating the mscgen chart for this article but what daddoo and nerdboy did in just a few short hours put my little image to shame.
Conclusion
An there you have it, a primer to SSH tunneling. Keep in mind that this was just a primer, what you can do with tunneling is limited only by your imagination. Later on I'll go over setting up ssh_config on the client side so that all of these settings that I have described above can be saved as individual settings on your client-side ssh. But that's a post for another 32 sec ago
- play with linux? i think you mean work-around linux
15 hours 26 min ago
- Where is Epistle?
15 hours 32 min ago
- You forgot OwnCloud
16 hours 2 min ago.
<|endofexample|>
Page 1 of 3
1
2
3
>
Show 50 post(s) from this thread on one page
LinuxQuestions.org
(
/questions/
)
-
Slackware
(
)
- -
File System Question
(
)
spaceballs
06-11-2008 03:54 PM
File System Question
Since the demise of Hans Reiser, I am wondering if Reiserfs is going to stay the default on Slackware. It has been a while since I did a full install, and can't remember if it changed or not.
Reiserfs is what I have been using, but is there another option that is faster or more reliable? I don't know too much about file systems, but hope we can open up an interesting debate. I am a home user, and I don't RAID or anything else.
adriv
06-11-2008 04:14 PM
At the moment ext3 is the Slackware default. I've been running that on one machine with SW 12 (a while ago) and found it too slow...
Now I use JFS and am quite happy with it. It's fast and I've had some hardware problems where JFS showed it was very reliable.
T3slider
06-11-2008 04:45 PM
If you want supreme compatibility with userland tools, then ext3 is your best bet. Most people should probably stick with ext3. If you want increased speed, JFS and XFS are both good (I think XFS is a little better in some aspects, but they're both pretty good, and either one will offer a speed increase over ext3). See
here
for various benchmarking tests for the common filesystems. If you use JFS or XFS, you will probably never run into compatibility or feature problems -- but their userland tools are *technically* less featured, in case you're super-worried.
Jeebizz
06-11-2008 04:50 PM
I myself prefer JFS. I have had been curious about XFS, but the aspect of a delayed write-to / arbitrary write down of information has kept me away. As far as ReiserFS is concerned, there haven't been any announcements from Pat that he will remove the FS, nor anything from kernel.org that would suggest that they would also remove it, however ReiserFS v4 is still not officially included in either Slackware or the kernel code itself, and at this point I don't think v4 will ever be included inside the kernel sources.
At this point, I don't see ReiserFS ever going away, and perhaps sooner or later the only thing that might change is the name itself, but even that remains to be seen. Also, I think even Pat uses ReiserFS for his / partition. Just read the README.initrd.
symatic
06-11-2008 05:19 PM
It all boils down to what you need. I use xfs on my / and /home partitions. I just find it very snappy and less prone to lag I notice with ext3. I have used JFS and find it just as snappy and uses less CPU(possibly good for laptop/older hardware). But ext3 is very very stable. I have two storage/backup drives with ext3. I use ext3 on those drives for one reason, stability. I can pretty much use ext3 in any OS(usually need to download some program but it is possible). reiserfs is fantastic with small files, and most people deal with those type of files. So that is one advantage to reiserfs. JFS and XFS only use metadata journaling so that is something to look into. As a home user you have a higher potential for blackouts/power-failure and all that kind of good stuff. So do a little research and you will find what is best for you. I say say ext3 is probably your best bet as of now, and ext4 will probably be it there after. JFS is basically no longer maintained(with the exclusion of bugfixes). XFS seems to be maintained but I am unsure of its standing. ext3 and ext4 have a good and solid backing from many companies(redhat to list one), so If I was looking for something in the long term ext3 is it for me.
This is mostly how I "feel" about filesystems currently. Other people may be able to give better insight.
H_TeXMeX_H
06-12-2008 02:07 AM
Reiser's not dead yet.
XFS and JFS are better than ext3/ext4 and probably better than reiserfs in many situations, although it depends. I use JFS.
If you want some benchmarks to help you decide:
Nylex
06-12-2008 02:32 AM
Does it really make that much of a difference for a home machine? I've always used ext3 and haven't had any problems with it being slow or anything.
salasi
06-12-2008 03:46 AM
This general question (about the properties of filesystems, rather than about the status of Hans Reiser) has been asked several times before.
Be aware that in benchmarking filesystems the answer that you get is heavily dependant on what question you ask. There is not one filesystem that is universally better than the others, but there probably is a best for a particular application (but the best for your application can easily be different from the best in the benchmarking scenario and i probably can't tell you what is the best for your application without knowing lots about it).
Also note that there can, depending on workload, be substantial differences in performance depending exact selection of options and, as the options aren't directly transferrable from on fs to another, it is difficult to know what exactly constitutes a fair/level playing field test of filesystems.
You could describe this as 'horses for courses'.
I did some testing some years ago on boot up times and found Reiser to be faster than ext2, presumably due to the 'small file optimisations'. I was very surprised by this and selected Reiser as my personal default and have not had reason to change. Reiser 4 would be nice, though, as its faster although whether it will be widely available is now questionable (and was questionable, even before Hans Reiser's local difficulties). I'd guess I'm now likely to change to ext4, when that becomes stable and widely available (and assuming that Reiser goes in to 'maintenance mode' rather than 'development mode'), but I haven't yet tried that.
syg00
06-12-2008 05:48 AM
Quote:
Originally Posted by
salasi
(Post 3182352)
Be aware that in benchmarking filesystems the answer that you get is heavily dependant on what question you ask.
...
You could describe this as 'horses for courses'.
Very sage.
I had some awful experiences when I first tried reiser3 (many) years ago. Never touched it since, although (as with everything) it's gotten better.
I use ext? exclusively - but note my sigline; no fs can be trusted not to corrupt your data.
Currently just starting on a sojourn into OpenSolaris - ZFS being one of the major reasons.
Linus has proclaimed his fiat on
that
(under Linux).
febriansasi
06-12-2008 05:58 AM
Great, there's a lot of JFS user in slackware just as me
irishbitte
06-12-2008 06:57 AM
I use ext3, find it excellent whenever there is a power outage or whatever. I wouldn't worry about things like JFS or XFS, unless you are running production / commercial level servers, in which case there MAY be some reason to go with something other than ext3. I dare say, ext3 is a journalling file system of sorts, for most people it will be perfect.
shadowsnipes
06-12-2008 10:38 AM
I agree that I don't think Reiserfs is going away any time soon.
If you are happy with ext3 then by all means keep using it. If you don't need the journaling them ext2 would probably even be better for you.
JFS is nice for many older machines as it is conservative on CPU usage. XFS, from what I hear, does really well with large files and large file systems.
H_TeXMeX_H
06-12-2008 03:19 PM
I think the older and crappier your computer is the more your filesystem DOES matter. On my old laptop using JFS makes a huge difference on CPU usage especially. JFS has very low CPU usage for file manipulation compared to other filesystems. This is very good for laptops, and especially old ones. Many say that XFS can be tweaked to be much better than pretty much any other filesystem, but it can be less reliable because of the way it extensively caches things in RAM.
You should at least try the other filesystems. I've tried ext3, reiserfs, XFS, and JFS. I've found that the benchmarks are quite accurate, XFS and JFS were noticeably faster for me. And since JFS uses less CPU time, that's the best one for me. Try them and make up your mind, don't just say "I'm sticking with ext3 cuz everyone else uses it, surely what everyone else uses must be good, kinda like Window$"
EDIT:
One more thing you might want to look into is your IO scheduler, I think IO schedulers vary somewhat in performance with respect to your filesystem and type of workload. You can try them out on-the-fly, so there's no reason not to test them and see which one is best. I would recommend testing them with multimedia or games. For example, watch a movie off your HDD, switch IO schedulers and try again. Or if you do something else more often, then do that and try out the different schedulers. I've found deadline to be the best for what I do.
rg3
06-12-2008 03:42 PM
I use ext3. Reiserfs could go away in the future, in my humble opinion/prediction because of two things. The first, that there is no official maintainer. Namesys does not maintaing it. They only work on reiser4. Not long ago, I think Novell was maintaining it as it was the default choice in SuSE, but they have moved to ext3 since then. Second, that, as far as I know (maybe this has changed), reiserfs depends on the big kernel lock at least for some critical parts, which prevents it from being run in more than one processor at the same time. In other words, filesystem wise, it's like you only had one CPU, and this can become a performance problem now that dual core machines, or better, are a standard choice.
By the way, anybody using ext3 should probably activate its dir_index option when creating it (this activates a tree index for directories that allows it to handle much better directories with many small files, like reiserfs does), and should probably mount it using the option "barrier=1". It's important if you want to make sure your filesystem is not corrupted on a power outage.
spaceballs
06-12-2008 11:07 PM
I saw this article just linked to on /. :
Will read it next. I think I am just going to stick with what I have until my next install. If it isn't broken, why fix it, right?
All times are GMT -5. The time now is
05:54 AM
.
Page 1 of 3
1
2
3
>
Show 50 post(s) from this thread on one page
<|endofexample|>
Body
Undesirbale fatty deposit, cellulite and excess weight
Afterwards, the sculptural paste for deep body skin exfoliation is applied. The skin is well cleansed, the relief is smoothed and the blood circulation is improved. This amazing in its composition paste (marine salts crystals, lactic acid, zeolite, bitter orange extract) is also used for body wrap, during which the fatty cells are successfully «emptied» (lipolysis). It also reduces the amount of body fat and helps to eliminate stagnant fluids and toxins. During the body wrap the specialist massages the feet to stimulate and balance the functioning of all the body organs.
Before the energetic SOTHYS specific anti-cellulite massage with the emulsion containing strong lipolic («fat burn») and drainage (discard of toxins) components, special serums are applied on a well-cleansed skin. These serums are selected during the diagnostics and are specifically targeted to treat certain types of cellulite: adipose, aqueous and/or fibrous.
To complete the treatment an anti-cellulite slimming cream of prolonged action is applied on the treated areas. This cream is a real body fats accumulations' «exterminator».
A distinguished SOTHYS massage technique effectively acts on the fatty tissues. An emulsion containing strong lipolitic («fat burn») and drainage (discard of toxins) components is used during the massage. After the massage the serums concentrated in active ingredients specially chosen for their recognised action on each type of cellulite (and selected accordingly during the diagnosis) are applied. These serums are targeted at different types of cellulite: adipose, aqueous and/or fibrous.
To complete the treatment an anti-cellulite slimming cream of prolonged action is applied on the treated areas. This cream is a real body fats accumulations «exterminator».
We recommend this massage as a separate course or as an integrated part of slimming and silhouette reshaping programme.
Targeted action on problematic areas and body wrap with kelp seaweed extract, caffeine and mineral salts for long lasting perfection. результат и устойчивый эффект. No seaweed smell! Delicate aroma and warmth provide complete relaxation during the wrap.
The final stage - a modelling massage with a serum based on encapsulating complex and Biosculpturin® to reduce body volume, stimulate the fat withdrawal from the organism and prevent the future accumulation.
Long term result - slim and toned body. process.
Additionally to any Carboxytherapy:
End result – loss of weight, detoxification of the body and decrease of body volume.
In order to obtain long-lasting results 6-10 treatments course is recommended.
Sculpturing of two areas up to 80 min
The LPG headpiece consists of vacuum section and two specially designed cylindrical rollers that rotate back and forth at different speeds and ensure deep massage of active tissues. The rollers move towards each other in horizontal plane depending on the strength of vacuum and create a «wave». The first roller grasps the skin fold and the second roller smooths it. The rollers are moving in 4 directions: forward, backwards, diagonally and sideways, as well as rotate towards each other or from each other in different directions.
The duration of the Lipomassage™ treatment is 40 minutes and an individual elastic body costume is essential. The whole body is massaged during the treatment, however the zones requiring firming, slimming and/or toning are given additional attention. Because of a special massage technique and individual approach it is possible to:
• reduce the amount of localised fatty deposits;
• eliminate any skin imperfections caused by cellulite;
• ensure buttocks and thighs lifting.
Fat deposits and cellulite. Endermologie® treatment accelerates the lipolysis process, empties and disintegrates fat cells and noticeably reduces the amount of subcutaneous fat. Due to the lymphatic draining effect edemas and fibrosis are also eliminated.
Muscles. Over the course of Endermologie® treatment, apart from destruction and disintegration of fatty tissues, there is also an active stimulation of the body muscles. Therefore, this is highly recommended procedure for people with sedentary lifestyles and "weak" muscles.
In order to attain exceedingly visible results, a course of 10 treatments twice a week is recommended.
First part – LPG Endermologie®. This particular technology reduces the subcutaneous fat, eliminates cellulite and tones the skin. The method activates blood circulation and lymphatic drainage, enriches the skin with oxygen, accelerates fat burning process, and reduces tissues swelling, tones and shapes beautiful body contours. This particular part of the treatment lasts 40 minutes.
Second part – – a highly efficient body volume reducing method using a unique sculptural paste. It contains marine salt crystals, lactic acid, zeolite and bitter orange extract. When applied this paste exfoliates the body skin perfectly and during the wrap successfully “empties” the fatty cells (lipolysis), reduces the amount of body fat deposits and helps to eliminate stagnant fluids and toxins. During the body wrap the specialist massages the feet to stimulate and balance the functioning of all body organs.
To complete the treatment 2 products are applied: first is a serum chosen during the diagnostics of the body condition targeted to treat certain cellulite type: adipose, aqueous and/or fibrous; second is an anti-cellulite slimming cream of prolonged action, a real body fats accumulations “exterminator”.
As a result all fat splitting mechanisms are activated and the whole body is being cleansed, the skin elasticity and general condition are also improved.
-
<|endofexample|>
Back | Home > Item Not Found for..
<|endofexample|>
So many leaders lead without truly understanding their own philosophy on the art of leadership. Would you say this applies to you? If so, you will want to be sure to join me and Steve Woodruff for this week’s Leadership Chat as we welcome Mike Figliuolo, Founder and Managing Director of thoughtLeaders LLC and author of the new book, “One Piece of Paper.”
Mike’s book is designed to help leaders at all levels of an organization distill their complete philosophy of leadership down to one piece of paper, including their views on (directly from the book):
1. Leading Yourself: what motivates you and what are your rules of personal conduct? What do you want “future you” to look like and stand for?
2. Leading the Thinking: where are you taking the organization and how will you innovate to drive change? What are your standards of performance for how you will safely get to your destination?
3. Leading Your People: how can you lead them as individuals rather than treating them like faceless cogs in the machine?
4. Leading a Balanced Life: if you are burned out, you are worthless. How do you define and achieve balance?
Mike does an eloquent job of making the case that all four are equally important, though several are rarely covered in leadership training and development initiatives, or in leadership models themselves.
What I connected with most personally in this book is how strongly Mike feels that you’ll know your leadership philosophy when you have a strong visceral and emotional response to your leadership maxims, defined as your principles or rules of conduct. As Mike states,
“Maxims must be emotionally meaningful, so you need to delve into your personal experiences to find those phrases, images and stories that stir you to your core. By having your maxims elicit an emotional and physical reaction, the likelihood that they will change your behavior is exponentially higher…Maxims can be found in painful lessons you have experienced and distilled down to their essence. They can also be drawn from incredibly positive experiences. They can be inspiring song lyrics. They can be images that stand for something you find deeply important…”
I believe I connected so strongly with this mindset because it’s how I feel about your personal vision and the vision you create for your organization. If they don’t stir you to your soul then you’ll likely find yourself walking down the path half-heartedly, and eventually wandering off.
Distilling your leadership philosophy – words that stir your soul and you commit to live by – down to one piece of paper is like creating and articulating your vision – somewhat arduous but immensely important. But I say, “somewhat arduous” only because, as Mike points out,
“The hard parts of the leadership maxims process are the introspection about and the personalization of your philosophy. It can be difficult to remove the veil of “professionalism” and accept your own humanity. It is scary to put the real you out there for everyone to see.”
But as Mike goes on to explain,
“It is exponentially more powerful to expose the real you to the people you are supposed to lead. This is what it means to be authentic, and the more authentic and direct your leadership philosophy is, the more powerful it will be.”
Join me, Mike, and my extraordinary Co-Host Steve Woodruff tomorrow night for Leadership Chat as we talk about how powerful it is to discover your leadership philosophy, distill it down to one piece of paper, share it with your organizations and teams, and then live it fully! You won’t want to miss this meaty discussion!
~
Don’t forget – my new eBook, “The Introvert’s Guide to Success in Business and Leadership” launches on November 27th! Sign up for my newsletter to get notified of the launch!
If you enjoyed this post please share it using the share links below and Subscribe Here. To get exclusive news & updates sign up for my free newsletter (Hit “SUBMIT” at the top of the right-hand column!)
RELATED POSTS:
The Business-Altering Difference Between Vision and Mission
How to Discover Your True Path in Life
Visionary Leadership: The Critical Difference Between Vision and Goals
I look forward to this as I spent 18 years at PWC. Do I ever believe the one about potentially more powerful to expose the real you as a leader. If you don’t, you usually lose crediility quickly. And when you lose credibility, people don’t want to follow you. They’ll just go about their normal jobs and never change or do anything special. If that happens, it defeats the point of a leader. A leader is there to something special.
When you put together a resume or apply for a job, you are told to skip responsibilities and talk about accomplishments. If you don’t have people following you, and they just do normal work, then you haven’t accomplished anything. You’ve just done your responsibilities. In other words, you’re not a real leader.
Henry, I hope we’ll get into this tonight as well because I don’t think you need to have a formal team to be a leader. You can be a leader in an organzation when you lead by example, and this can be demonstrated in so many ways. Be sure to ask the question tonight and see what the Community shares with you. Thanks so much for taking the time to comment!
Good Day Lisa –
U R post on How to Discover & Live Your Leadership is right on – looking 4ward to Tuesday’s LeadershipChat.
The first point that struck a cord with me is BURNOUT – point #4 in your post. And when I talk about BURNOUT, I am not so much focusing on Life Balance, but more importantly, LEADERSHIP BURNOUT…(is that even possible for a leader to have LEADERSHIP BURNOUT!) Is it possible or is the individual not really a leader? (I will put my cards on the table…sometimes, I am BURNOUT from leading! Okay, I said it!)
The other point that I focused on was emotional aspect – to show your personal side in leadership – to truly become authentic in your approach, your message and your philosophy. For me, I believe that is where BURNOUT can come into play – when you truly put your heart and soul, and expose yourself to the fullest to your team. Can you put so much of yourself into your leadership, that you exhaust yourself…?
Thanks Lisa for leading me down a path I surely will benefit from…
SPGonz
Steve,
This is such a great question and I hope you’ll raise it tonight on the chat. I think it is certainly possible to get burnt out from the process of leadership, and I believe it’s critical to make “down time” and rejuvenation part of each day. It sounds as if perhaps you’re absorbing all of the energy of your teams as you lead, and expending your own energy as you lead, which can be incredibly draining. I encourage you to try to ensure that you have time for yourself each day away from your leadership role to focus on rejuvenating your heart and mind, and see if that makes a difference for you. All the best!
Nice to discover you blog, Lisa. This latest entry of yours was interesting; I’m going to find the book. And I’m also very interested in hearing more about your e-book publishing experience of a collection of your blog entries. Have you written about that?
Your entry here made me think you might like my blog entry:
The virtue of weak leadership
Thank you, Curt, it’s wonderful to have you here! Sorry I am just seeing this comment today – I apologize for that. Glad to hear you’re going to find Mike’s book and thank you for noticing that I’ll be publishing an eBook soon. It’s a little soon to talk about the experience as I’m smack dab in the middle of it and learning so much! All the very best to you!
I think the two most critical views to focus on is first of all leading yourself and then leading a balanced life. If you cannot lead yourself effectively, it is impossible to lead others. As Covey says, private victories first before public victories. Secondly, if you are burned out you are useless, quite correct. A burned out person/leader do not have the capacity to think about the organization and its direction and also do not have the emotional robustness to treat people as individuals with specific needs.
A very insightful post and I think I need to buy the book!
Stephan De Villiers´s last [type] ..Six Indispensable Qualities of a Successful Social Leader
Stephan,
Excellent supporting points to justify your theory that these two are the most critical. I genuinely appreciate you sharing them! And yes, you will enjoy the book! Have a wonderful weekend and thank you so much for taking the time to comment!
Great Article! #1 Leading yourself really resonated with me since many leaders tend to forget about their own personal development needs once they take on a top leadership position. I was also very impressed with the fact of Mike being able to help leaders get their complete philosophy of leadership down to one piece of paper; that requires more effort and concentrated thought than most people realize.
Thanks
Thank you, Rick! Thanks for sharing what resonated most with you. And I agree, it may seem like a simple exercize but it takes a lot of focused effort to get to that point. All the best!
<|endofexample|>
As mentioned above, you can have as many buffers open at once as you like. Repeated use of
File > Open...
or
Ctrl+X Ctrl+F
just creates extra buffers.
Because the Editor can only display one buffer at a time, you can use either menu commands or keyboard commands to swap between buffers.
Each item in the History > Items submenu is an open buffer. To swap to a given buffer, choose it from the menu, and it is displayed in the editor window.
Alternatively, click on the Buffers tab to swap to the buffers view; see Displaying and swapping between buffers for details.
To use the keyboard, type
Ctrl+X B
. You are prompted for the name of the buffer you wish to display. The last buffer you displayed is chosen by default, and is listed in the echo area in brackets, as shown below.
Select Buffer: (test.lisp):
To swap to the buffer shown in brackets, just press
Return
. To swap to another buffer, type in the name of that buffer. Remember that completion (press
Tab
) can help.
To close the buffer that is currently displayed, choose
File > Close
, or type
Ctrl+X K
.
Ctrl+X K, you can close any buffer, not just the current one. Type a buffer name in the echo area, or press
Returnto close the current buffer.
Note: If you attempt to close any buffer which you have changed but not yet saved, a dialog appears, giving you the opportunity to cancel the operation.
To save all the buffers in the Editor, choose File > Save All... . A dialog appears which lists each modified buffer. By default, each buffer is selected, indicating that it is to be saved. If there are any buffers that you do not want to save, deselect them by clicking on them. The dialog has four buttons, as follows:
This dialog is also displayed if there are any unsaved files when you exit the environment.
Sometimes you may find that being able to display only one buffer in the window simply does not give you enough flexibility. For instance, you may have several buffers open, and you may want to look at two different buffers at once. Or you may have a very large buffer, and want to look at the beginning and end of it at the same time.
You can do any of these by creating a new Editor window. Choose
Works > Clone
or press
Ctrl+X 2
or click the
button. This creates a copy of your original Editor. The new Editor displays the same buffer as the original one.
Changes made to a buffer are automatically reflected across all editor windows--the buffer may be displayed in two different windows, but there is still only one buffer. This means that it is impossible to save two different versions of the same file on disk.
LispWorks IDE User Guide (Unix version) - 25 Nov 2011
<|endofexample|>
Paul the Octopus wasn’t the first, but he was probably the best.
And the exposure given to the late German mollusc, who returned a 100% prediction record at the last football World Cup, spurned many copycats.
Or, in the case of the rugby World Cup in New Zealand, copy farm animals, with the prophet sheep, Sonny Wool, up against Richie McCow, the psychic calf.
But it’s turned into something of a zoo at the European Football Championships. In the words of the German weekly Der Spiegel, it is “Euro 2012 Oracle Inflation”.
The vying animal forecasters include “Nelly the elephant, Xavier the bulldog, Emma the pig, Mörmel the otter, Traudl the goat, Axel the axolotl and the Baltic Sea seagulls living on the island of Usedom”.
And that’s just in Germany. “There are also rabbits in Switzerland, a gigantic hog in Ukraine and another elephant in Poland.”
<|endofexample|>
FREE: blank memorex cd-r
blank memorex CD-RW high speed 12x 700MB 80 mins . in clear original case not damaged or never tooken out . no scratches , brand new I only have 1 used the rest for downloading music . will mail out when auction is over . free shipping , fan me and happy
blank memorex cd-rw is in the Music & Instruments | CDs category
<|endofexample|>
Details
Member since Sep 19, 2011
Last login May 17, 2013
Verification:
Current Auctions listed: 0
Total Auctions listed: 131
Total Auctions completed: 129
Total Auctions w/ winner: 129
Feedback received: 285
Positive feedback: 276
Negative feedback: 2
Percent positive feedback: 99%
Last login May 17, 2013
Verification:
Current Auctions listed: 0
Total Auctions listed: 131
Total Auctions completed: 129
Total Auctions w/ winner: 129
Feedback received: 285
Positive feedback: 276
Negative feedback: 2
Percent positive feedback: 99%
Sponsored Links
Badges <<
Recent Completed Listings
ended
-
- llarrainne left positive feedback for rockywoolf on Mar 22nd 2013, 6:23:06 AM ADT (about 1 month ago)
ended
- "Very sweet n honest Listian....a pleasure to trade with"rockywoolf left positive feedback for llarrainne on Mar 18th 2013, 11:00:33 PM ADT (2 months ago)
- "Very sweet and persevering Listian, a great pleasure to follow on Listia and will follow her auctio ... " (more)ns in future."llarrainne left positive feedback for rockywoolf on Mar 22nd 2013, 6:16:25 AM ADT (about 1 month ago)
ended
- "Wonderful Listian and really understanding of post office snaffu"llarrainne left positive feedback for arsayalayur on Dec 13th 2012, 10:17:00 PM AST (5 months ago)
- "TRUELY A GORGEOUS PURSE!!! Took a while but well worth wait. Sweet and kind seller:)"arsayalayur left positive feedback for llarrainne on Dec 14th 2012, 6:38:14 PM AST (5 months ago)
ended
- "Great buyer, jumped on it, hopes she enjoys it!"llarrainne left positive feedback for nplewa on Nov 4th 2012, 10:45:01 PM AST (6 months ago)
- "nice seller. will work with you if there is a problem. would buy from again. :)"nplewa left positive feedback for llarrainne on Dec 3rd 2012, 7:43:44 AM AST (6 months ago)
ended
- "Cute Listian and ever so sweet!"llarrainne left positive feedback for daziemae123 on Aug 24th 2012, 5:51:44 AM ADT (9 months ago)
- "I never received the purse . "daziemae123 left neutral feedback for llarrainne on Oct 22nd 2012, 9:16:02 PM ADT (7 months ago)
Current Auctions
llarrainne does not have any listed auctions.
Sponsored Links
Laraine"
<|endofexample|>
LISTEN LIVE
A Hopkinsville business owner says someone unlawfully cashed thousands of dollars worth of checks.
The owner of the 300 Clinic Drive business, Raymond Kranz told Hopkinsville Police yesterday that sometime between Friday, November 4th and Tuesday, November 22nd, an unknown suspect cashed four company checks worth a total of over $2,300 without his consent at Wal-mart.
Hopkinsville police say the case remains open and a suspect description was not provided in the report.
**
LISTEN LIVE
<|endofexample|>
LISTEN LIVE
The. **
Officials with Aaron McNeil House publicly announced Kurt Anderson has been hired as the new Executive Director of the organization.Anderson is a former attorney and officials believe he will bring a lot of knowledge and integrity to his position.According to Anderson, his new role with the crisis relief center is an opportunity of a life-time and he is thrilled to be able to make a career out of helping local residents get back on their feet.
His first day of employment as executive director was January 23rd and officials appointed Frank Montgomery as the new Chairman of the Board, having previously served on the board for three years. **
LISTEN LIVE
<|endofexample|>
93.9 Lite fm The Holiday Lite is partnering up with Mercy Home for Boys & Girls to officially turn on The Holiday Lite! We will be raising funds to help Mercy Home for Boys & Girls this holiday season and make a difference in the lives of children who are struggling, living in broken homes or are burdened by homelessness or neglect. Please help our cause and make a gift to fund a Christmas present for a child - or pledge to become a monthly Guardian Angel to Chicago's neediest children. HOW TO HELP: Phone Call 1-800-961-6185 to donate at these times: Thursday 8am - 8pm and Friday 6am – 8pm OR Online Click below NOW to donate via your computer or smartphone
Even though this tree is completely decorated and we have flipped the switch to All-Christmas music, we encourage you to still donate! To continue the holiday spirit, donate to Mercy Home for Boys and Girls to make sure all children have presents for Christmas.Tell your friends and family on Twitter! #christmasforkids
Mercy Home for Boys & Girls has been a solution for kids in crisis since 1887. Through our residential, aftercare, referral and community-based mentoring programs, we provide critical, life-saving services to more than 650 hurting and troubled young women and men every year. At the core of these services is our full-time residential program, which provides around-the-clock care in a safe and stable home for 134 young people, ages 11 to 21. Here, children who have suffered abuse, neglect, poverty and abandonment are given the opportunity to rebuild their lives and the encouragement to realize their dreams. Through therapeutic, academic and vocational support, we help them grow into healthy adults who go on to pursue higher education, secure good jobs, and raise loving families of their own.
For even more info on Mercy Home, click here!
<|endofexample|>
Obituaries
SULLIVAN
Victoria Lynn Sullivan
Published: Wednesday, November 7, 2012 11:22 PM CST
Victoria Lynn Sullivan, 62, of Allen, Texas, passed away October 9, 2012.
Victoria was born May 27, 1950, in Omaha, Nebraska, to Edward Peter and Margaret (Call) Sullivan. She was a member of the American Association of Retired Persons and the Allen Senior Center. She enjoyed time with her family and friends, movies, and dancing.
She is survived by her sisters, Peggy Gehrke and husband, Ronald, of Waterloo, Iowa, Susan Romans of Allen, Texas, and Marie May of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; brother, Russell Sullivan and wife, Debra, of Wichita, Kansas; sister, Penny Sallay and husband, Jeffrey, of Santee, California; nieces and nephews, Shelly Loonan, Kimberly Walters, Jill Morris, David Sullivan, Laura Bachtel, Robert Sullivan, Ryan Sullivan, Greg Sullivan, Ricky Romans, Joseph Haven, and Michael Sallay; eight great-nieces and great-nephews; and numerous other loving family and friends.
She was preceded in death by her parents and brother, Randy Sullivan.
A funeral service was held at 2 p.m., Monday, October 15, 2012, at Locke Funeral Home in Waterloo, Iowa. Interment followed at Greenwood Cemetery in Westgate, Iowa. The family received friends during a visitation one hour prior to the service at 1 p.m., at the funeral home.
To convey condolences or to sign an online registry, please visit
.
[x] Close Window
<|endofexample|>
Frisco Enterprise > News
Frisco ISD to host Black History Month events
By Anthony Tosie,
atosie@starlocalnews.com
,
@anthonytosie
on Twitter
Published: Thursday, February 14, 2013 2:49 PM CST
Black History Month is a time to reflect on the past, but Frisco ISD is also hoping to build a foundation for the future with events it will host later this month.
Frisco ISD will host two Black History Month events in the coming weeks -- a guest speaker-led event on Feb. 22 and a networking social on Feb. 24 -- that it hopes will help residents interact with each other and the school district more.
The first event, which will be hosted in coordination with the Greater Frisco Chapter of Jack and Jill, is entitled "From Bondage to Freedom" and will reflect on the contributions of black Americans throughout the country's history.
Melissa Johnson, coordinator of the Greater Frisco Chapter of Jack and Jill, said the event will focus on the past, present and future of black Americans.
"For the past, children will be taking part in a living museum, where they'll represent famous African-Americans who are deceased," she said. "Other children will represent famous African-Americans who are alive today for the present. Finally, we'll have a student-run marketplace representing the future. Students all across the district will be able to promote their businesses."
Johnson, who serves as a co-chair of the event, mentioned babysitting and scarf knitting as examples of what kind of businesses students may want to promote.
Also at the event, Shon Gables, a news anchor for WFAA, will serve as a guest speaker while Dede McGuire of K104 FM will serve as mistress of ceremony. Live entertainment ranging from music to dancing to poetry reading will also be available. The event will be held 6:30-9:30 p.m. at Frisco Wakeland High School and is free to the public.
Larry Lewis, Frisco ISD's coordinator of student achievement and involvement, said the events will focus on black history but are inclusive of people from all backgrounds.
"We're going to have all kinds of cultures and races participating at the events," he said. "We have a great speaker for Friday night, and it just goes from there. It's going to be great -- we're excited about it."
The Feb. 24 event, which will last from 4-6 p.m. at the Frisco ISD administration building, is a networking social for Frisco ISD parents, staff and other community members. Refreshments will be served, and parents are welcome to bring their children, though it will be a more adult-oriented event.
Lewis said the event was created to help the community come together to support education and involvement.
"There were so many parents in Frisco who didn't know each other, and there wasn't an event where they could come and meet other parents," he said. "That's what we're going to do -- that's what this event is all about. It's for the Frisco community to come out and meet each other and different people throughout the school district."
More information
For more information regarding the "From Bondage to Freedom" event,
. That event will be held 6:30-9:30 p.m. Feb. 22 at Frisco Wakeland High School, 10700 Legacy Drive.
The Black History Month networking social will be held 4-6 p.m. Feb. 24 at the Frisco ISD administration building (in the administration training rooms), 5515 Ohio Drive.
[x] Close Window
<|endofexample|>
Stories of a tired hubby
As I have mentioned in earlier posts, I have a rather hands on hubby with his son–for which I am very grateful. He doesn’t hesitate to change a poopy diaper or take a midnight feeding. Which leads me to my story:
A few weeks ago I was up with our teething baby ALL NIGHT…by about 5 am Lil W decided he was up for the day and I was way too tired to get up with him…So, his awesome Daddy was sweet enough to get up with our Lil guy.
A few hours later, I woke up to a happy baby ready for a nap and a hard at work husband. The hubby had even already changed his poopy diaper! I got Lil W ready for the day, put him down for a nap and started my morning chores. When I was putting laundry away in his room I couldn’t help but notice that it was sooooo stinky…
Maybe I needed to empty the diaper pail, I thought…I was wrong!
**WARNING**: Somewhat graphic image coming up.
Lil W spent the rest of the night with a frontal wedgie and his feet not fitting in the proper feety holes. Not the mention, the buttons on the onesie going all the way up his neck instead of down his back (Lil W didn’t seem to mind one bit, though). I couldn’t stop laughing while I changed his diaper. I just had to grab the camera to capture this moment…
Ashley Stock
- Best Day of My Life: Wedding - May 17, 2013
- {this moment} - May 16, 2013
- Mommy’s Memory Box - May 15, 2013
Lol, too cute. It happens
Classic daddies!
I laughed out loud…seriously…while reading this post. They (hubbies) are so smart about so many things…but when it comes to dressing the baby in the middle of the night, no brains at all. So funny. Thanks for cheering me up today with a walk down memory lane:)
Seriously hilarious!!! I would always change gav’s diaper in the middle of the night and zip him back up just to find that his pjs were all wet cause he had peed on himself. It’s a wonder how our poor kids survive there first year with the lack of sleep we endure.
<|endofexample|>
**SOLD OUT** This little baby wrap in grey and white stripe is suitable from newborn through to toddlerhood. It is made of the finest cotton so it is soft on the most delicate of skin. Made of 100% cotton, it will keep baby warm in winter and cool in summer. At over 120cm and square in shape, it also acts as an ideal cot and bassinet throw, pram cover and feeding shawl.
Size: Size: 120cm x 120cm
<|endofexample|>
Electric Guest
If you are near Chicago/Columbia College come see us on Friday
Manifest; Main Stage
events.colum.edu
Come see the best of the best perform on the Main Stage. See live music from Electric Guest, Chance the Rapper, Now Now, Legit, Carbon Tigers, Sharpless, Oddfolk, and the Howl. 12-12:45pm: The Great Convergence 12:45-1pm: Hack Your T-Shirt1-2:25pm: DJ Cool Hand Luke2:25-2:40pm: Odd Folk2:55-3:10pm:…
Il y a 3 jours
<|endofexample|>
...because so far, this is how i feel.
i know it's new and perhaps people will figure out the "best way" to use it. but so far this sudden craze just reminds me of the scene in mean girls where regina has two conspicuous holes in her sweater and because she's regina george, everyone else starts doing it. similarly...
ok, i'll get off my soapbox and stop venting. what do you think of the new app? are you into it? by all means, sell me on its advantages! i just know that so far i haven't seen one vine video that offered me something a still shot of the same thing couldn't have also provided viewers.
and thanks, nikki, for sending along this gif illustration!
update: ok, for further investigation, i gave it a go and made my first video. i'm even bored watching it. thank goodness tuck and fi are so cute. hah will try harder next time...
26 comments:
I haven't signed up yet... I dont really get it. And the more people who istagramed their user names yesterday, the more I wanted to NOT sign up.
:)
I 100% agree! But, I also signed up, hehe. We'll see how it goes!.
Completely agree! Seems totally silly and useless, though I guess I said the same about tablets a few years ago and now I have an Ipad. For now, Vine seems pretty pointless,.
THANK YOU for summing up my feelings on this, too!! I hadn't even heard of it til I was heading to bed Sunday night and by Monday morning it was e-v-e-r-y-w-h-e-r-e. Who wants to see a six second video? It sounds like a bad joke about someone losing their virginity, really.
(Sorry for ending on that note, but still).
xx
Rose
Blonde in this City!
I said on twitter something along the same lines, and then I caved and created an account and have posted two videos. Still on the fence.
Created an account for the same reasons you mentioned...but, I have to say I just can't get into it. Sometimes the videos don't even load. I don't know- it's just too many apps/things to keep up with ;)
xo,
Caroline
I actually do agree with you. I think you can make some super cute videos on there is you take the time but other than that I was kinda bored.!!
I signed up and am totally obsessed! There's some really GREAT CREATIVE stuff out there. Some people are using it to make really interesting work.
There are a few issues.
1- there's ALSO a lot of crap.
2- there's some porn
3- I can't share any of the cool stuff I've seen because you can *only view it through the app itself or twitter feed.
I did find a link to this guys stuff which is awesome:
I also wrote a blog post on my opinion and why I think it's awesome here:
Anyways, everyone is entitled to their own opinion, I'm sure it's not for everyone, but personally, I LOVE it! :) ;)
I totally agree - the concept is not bad, but I have no idea what to post ... just extended instagram pics. And social media is officially overwhelming!
Lexi @ Glitter, Inc.'.
Having to keep up with social media makes me stressed. No lie. Oh look, she has 1,890 followers/friends and I have 64. This must be a direct correlation indicating my self worth.
It's quite depressing to be honest. I adore Twitter because I can put light hearted things out there and they're only present for a moment, Facebook on the other hand makes me anxious.
I don't do instagram, so it's a no go for vineapp.!
I will say I've found one blogger/artist whose use of vine I can get on board with: Paperfashion (see:). She uploads little snippets of the various stages of her drawings. I get why that enhances her brand and adds something to her readers.
Here's a tip for nay-sayers!
If you don't see at least 3 things you would qualifiy as either:
-really cool
- clever
- creative
- funny
- beautiful
- or cute
Then Vine is totally not for you :)
you made me laugh out loud. i agree with you 100%!
I TOTALLY agree - love the Mean Girls point haha.
I TOTALLY agree - love the Mean Girls point haha..
Couple of things. Yes, the ammount of apps (new stuff) in your industry is overwhelming. However, Tuck looks better which is nice to see.
As mama I love it... also I'm loving other cute kids! xo
<|endofexample|>
More than 80 girls hospitalised by 'poison gas attack'
approved
The students were lining up for a Koran reading outside their school in northeastern Afghanistan on Tuesday when a strange odour filled the yard. The school's principal, Mossena, who was herself a
By: THE_HAMMER_OF_POITIERS | Comments: 16 | Views: 8834 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: May-13-2009 in Afghanistan, Middle East
A young couple killed at Afghan clerics´bidding
approved
A recent example of what a lovely peacuful religion islam is: Afghan Taliban kill young woman, man for eloping AMIR SHAH KABUL (AP) — Taliban gunmen used a firing squad to kill a young co
By: doktor_cvrcek | Comments: 59 | Views: 10030 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 2
Leaked: Apr-14-2009 in Iran, Afghanistan, Middle East
Family Ties at War: Sisters Pilot the Afghan Skies
approved
Families ‘tied’ by war: Sisters pilot Afghan skies (Part 1 of 2-part series) By Air Force Staff Sgt. Rachel M. Martinez 455th AEW Public Affairs BAGRAM AIR FIELD, Afghanistan (July 27, 2
By: bravo61 | Comments: 7 | Views: 8660 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Location: Bagram, Parvan, Afghanistan | Leaked: Aug-1-2008 in Iraq, Afghanistan, Middle East
Pakistani women can become whatever they want to
approved
Every human being has certain indisputable rights that must be delivered in a way so that they have a positive effect on human lives enabling them to live better and more fulfilling lives. The wo
By: Pakistani | Comments: 54 | Views: 6277 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Aug-23-2012 in Other Middle East
New Taliban Code of Conduct … Not Matching Reality on the Ground
approved
KABUL, Afghanistan (Aug. 4) – Despite Mullah Omar’s latest attempts to shape perceptions by releasing a revised code of conduct, insurgent violence continues to harm innocent civilians. Release
By: nurdmyth | Comments: 12 | Views: 10509 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Aug-4-2010 in Afghanistan, Middle East
US tax dollars bring afghans to DLI, they flee to canada for refugee status/Nat'l debt the greatest threat
approved EXCLUSIVE: AWOL Afghans Found ... on Facebook By Jana Winter & Kelli Morgan NCIS and ICE, partners in the North Te
By: HydrogenEconomy | Comments: 0 | Views: 16439 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Jul-1-2010 in Iran, Afghanistan, News
Empowering Women In Afghanistan
approved
In the province of Bamian, women are uprooting traditional gender roles by taking up leadership positions. In Poverty and Strife, Women Test Limits By CARLOTTA GALL Published: October 5, 2008
By: bellava
| Comments: 12 | Views: 6411 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Location: Bamian, Bamian, Afghanistan | Leaked: Oct-7-2008 in Afghanistan, Middle East
Qurans Inadvertantly Burned During Quran Burning Protests
approved
Kandahar, Afghanistan – As the dust settles in Afghanistan after sustained protest over a Florida pastor's Quran burning, many residents in Kandahar are facing an unpleasant truth: More Qurans were
By: Muhammad_ibn_Abdullah | Comments: 39 | Views: 7940 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Apr-14-2011 in Afghanistan, Middle East
Taliban Continues Poison Attacks On Schoolgirls - 22 Hospitalized
approved
Saturday, 28 August 2010 11:53 Written by TOLOnews.com Twenty schoolgirls and their teacher were gas-poisoned in a girls' school in the Afghan capital Kabul on Saturday morning The incid
By: marinemom | Comments: 22 | Views: 10060 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Aug-28-2010 in Afghanistan, Middle East
List of Islamic Terror Attacks For the Past 2 Months
approved
Date- Country- City- Killed- Injured- Description 2009.12.10 Thailand Narathiwat 3 8 Three Buddhist women are torn to shreds by a remote-controlled bomb planted on a motorcycle outside a restauran
By: miamisam | Comments: 18 | Views: 15444 | Votes: 3 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Dec-11-2009 in Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, LiveLeaks
islam's Holy Warriors: Don't be Surprised if We Start Killing Schoolgirls...
approved
Responding to threats from the Taliban, at least 10 girls' schools have shut down near Kunduz in northern Afghanistan. Visiting the schools is a dangerous proposition -- a trip leading directly into t
By: THE_HAMMER_OF_POITIERS | Comments: 14 | Views: 9681 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 1
Leaked: May-27-2009 in Afghanistan, News
Taliban threaten to kill aid workers as spies
approved
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- A top Taliban commander has issued a new threat to foreign aid workers, saying that under the insurgent group's new "constitution" they will execute them as spies or hold t
By: ellhow | Comments: 55 | Views: 15379 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Mar-15-2009 in Afghanistan, Middle East
Search results for Afghan Girls School
Sort by:
Item Menu
Advertisers
<|endofexample|>
A Study in Steel, 1935
approved
the making of a steam locomotive, number 6207. A superb old film showing the manufacture of a ' Princess Royal ' Class engine heavy steam locomotive for the LMS railway ( London Midland Scottish
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 25 | Views: 3567 | Votes: 13 | Shared: 180
Location: Crewe, England, United Kingdom (UK/GB) | Leaked: Aug-1-2012 in Science and Technology
The LMS Coronation Scot 1937
approved
In celebration of King George VI's and Queen Elizabeth's Coronation in 1937 five new Locomotives known as The Coronation Scot Class were built to exacting standards for use on Top Link work bet
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 5 | Views: 1528 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Location: England, United Kingdom (UK/GB) | Leaked: Jul-30-2012 in Other
The UK's Second Most Popular Language is POLISH!
approved
ENGLAND'S SECOND LANGUAGE IS POLISH A worker stands outside a Polish delicatessen in Crewe Wednesday Janu
By: Jake Porter | Comments: 44 | Views: 1457 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Location: United Kingdom (UK/GB) | Leaked: Jan-30-2013 in Other News
UK Government Healthcare NHS charged with being Dishonest and Highly Misleading In Case Of Infants Death.
approved
NHS hospital 'dishonest' to parents of stillborn baby over failures in care Ombudsman condemns maternity unit for highly misleading statements as ministers prepare to impose 'duty of candour'
By: VikingRapeSquad
| Comments: 2 | Views: 300 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Jan-2-2013 in Other News
Oliver Cromwell 70013footplate ride
approved
short film of the crew on the footplate of Oliver Cromwell 70013 'Britannia Class' built in Crewe in 1951 . It has the claim to have hauled the last ever steam hauled train in the UK before the ba
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 10 | Views: 813 | Votes: 8 | Shared: 0
Location: United Kingdom (UK/GB) | Leaked: Dec-28-2012 in Yawn
'Glorious' - Start up.
approved
Class 50 ' Glorious ', an English Electric locomotive from the famous Vulcan Foundry at Newton-le-Willows. Fifty were built in 1967 to haul fast passenger traffic north of Crewe before the
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 22 | Views: 1899 | Votes: 8 | Shared: 7
Location: United Kingdom (UK/GB) | Leaked: Apr-13-2012 in Other
Type 4 Diesel 47772 first start in several years
approved
the fitters seem to have this 112 ton ex British Rail Type 47 Diesel Electric locomotive's 12 cylinder 2,750 BHP Sulzer engine running quite smoothly after such a long lay-over. As befits her stat
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 20 | Views: 2897 | Votes: 7 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Nov-23-2011 in Other Entertainment
Taking the Wires North
approved, repost
Electrifying the Rail Route between Crewe and Glasgow begining in 1970. Re-signalling and demolition of existing infrastructure and replacing with new Overhead Cantenary Equipment. Getting British Rai
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 13 | Views: 1526 | Votes: 2 | Shared: 0
Location: United Kingdom (UK/GB) | Leaked: Sep-11-2011 in Other
Class 47 Power
approved
The British Rail Class 47 is a class of British railway diesel-electric locomotive that was developed in the 1960s by Brush Traction. A total of 512 Class 47s were built at Crewe Works and Brush's Fal
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 16 | Views: 4106 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Jun-23-2011 in Other
The Coronation Scott 1937
approved
magnificent old footage of The Coronation being readied for it's publicity pictures and it's record breaking company publicity run - 114 MPH on it's run to Crewe Staion from London. A London Midlan
By: thecleaner001 | Comments: 7 | Views: 4342 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Apr-6-2011 in Other, Arts and Entertainment
WTF PART TWO...? UK, ERUOPE, CANADA & US... Behave!!!!
approved
Radical Islam In & From The UK ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ ►►► Radical Islam from the UK! ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
By: The_Dogs_Bollox | Comments: 20 | Views: 8387 | Votes: 1 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Mar-22-2011 in Iraq, Other
Anti-Allah outburst earns EDL supporter £200 fine
approved
A man has been fined for making offensive comments about Allah during the English Defence League protest in Leicester. Lee Whitby was found guilty of using racially aggravated abusive words during
By: Zurm | Comments: 56 | Views: 8258 | Votes: 0 | Shared: 0
Leaked: Nov-27-2010 in News
Search results for Crewe
Sort by:
Item Menu
Advertisers
<|endofexample|>
Masterpiece Used As A Dartboard Now On Show At A Gallery.
An important 17th Century painting, which had been used as a dartboard, has gone on show at the National Gallery.
Embed Code
You need to be registered in order to add comments! Register HERE
View comments (4)
Advertisement below
Items
Worlds Largest Emerald Goes On Show In Columbia.
Rush Limbaugh Blasts Mexican President for Hypocrisy in Attacks on Arizona Law – Audio
Russian tank used as target practice - Nawzad, Afghanistan
Man loses his mind and goes on a bikini-clad glass crashing spree
The footage used in Takahiko Iimura's On Eye Rape video (1962) were rescued from a Tokyo trash bin.
Dude goes on a paintball rampage after getting caught in bed with another woman
Stolen Generation kids 'used for tests'
Two headed albino snake goes on show at a Zoo in the Ukraine
Palin goes on robocall mission
Raw Video; Elephant goes on five-hour rampage
Senators press for National Guard troops on U.S.-Mexico border
Advertisers
<|endofexample|>
How to Curb Your Chocolate Cravings? Walk it Off
The next time a chocolate craving strikes you while at work, if you want to resist indulging, try heading out for a brisk walk.
Taking a 15-minute walkcut the amount chocolate people ate by nearly half, according to a new study.
"We know that snacking on high-calorie foods, like chocolate, at work can become a mindless habit and can lead to weight gain over time," study researcher Adrian Taylor, a professor at the University of Exeter in the United Kingdom, said in a statement.
Taylor and his colleagues set out to determine whether physical activity could curb chocolate cravings. They asked 78 regular chocolate-eaters to abstain from chocolate for two days, and split them up into four groups.
Two groups took a brisk 15-minute walk on a treadmill, and were then given work to complete at a desk in a simulated work environment. One group was assigned an easy, low-stress task, while the other was asked to complete a more demanding job. The other two groups were asked to rest, rather than go for a walk, before being given those same work tasks.
A bowl of chocolates was placed within the reach of all participants as they carried out their work.
The researchers found that the people who had gone for a walk ate, on average, about 15 grams (0.5 ounces) of chocolate, or the equivalent of a small "fun size" chocolate bar, while the resting group ate about 28 grams (0.9 oz).
The results also showed that the difficulty of the tasks made no difference in the amount of chocolate they ate, which suggests that stress did not contribute to their chocolate cravings, according to the researchers.
"We often feel that these snacks give us an energy boost, or help us deal with the stress of our jobs, including boredom," Taylor said. "People often find it difficult to cut down on their daily treats, but this study shows that by taking a short walk, they are able to regulate their intake by half."
The study will be published in the February issue of the journal Appetite.
Pass it on: Taking a 15-minute stroll can cut snacking on chocolate at work by nearly half.
Follow Remy Melina on Twitter @remymelina, and follow MyHealthNewsDaily @MyHealth_MHND. Like us on Facebook.
<|endofexample|>
Advertisement
The COINs Conference channel offers on-demand interviews and broadcasts of COINs 2009 and 2010 conference sessions. COINs Conferences bring together practitioners, researchers and students of the emerging science of collaboration powered by swarm creativity. Please join us in Basel, Switzerland for C...
Recorded on Sep 09, 2011
JavaScript must be enabled to view this page!
<|endofexample|>
The “one-person DVD”
You know how some video games are single-player games? Well, apparently we now have single-watcher movies in our house. The boys watched Night at the Museum this weekend. This morning, Bennett wanted to watch Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian. Jeffrey wanted B to wait until he finished his schoolwork so [...]
<|endofexample|>
Strapless gown with asymmetric shirring is a accented by bow detail on bodice. Bow detail and draping hide a functional front zipper.Informal wedding dresses come with or without sweep train. Please specify to retailer. **(available without train in all Bridesmaid colors as style #506).
Keywords: Chiffon, Iridescent Chiffon, Strapless, Wedding Dress, Destination Bridal Gown
Fabric: Iridescent Chiffon
Available sizes: 0-28
Shown in: Pearl
Available colors: White, PearlJacket and Sleeve Options
<|endofexample|>
Accessing Shopping Bag..
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to The BRIDGE, an online network from LMT dedicated exclusively for members of the Dental Laboratory community.
Shanda RobbCAD/CAM Training Coordinator
Jeremy AndraOwner/Manager
A member of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine, the Sleep Research society, the Board of Registered Polysomnographic Technologist & Registered Sleep Technologists. An accomplished Sleep Specialist...See more
Aaron BaldVP Of Business Development
<|endofexample|>
FIND LOCAL:
An all you can eat or la carte menu featuring sushi, sashimi, maki, as well as a full line of Chinese, Ja... more
Ageha Sushi in Hell's Kitchen serves fresh sushi and Japanese food, sakis, beers, and soups in a comforta... more
Are you hungry in New York? Welcome to Monster Sushi, home of the Monster Roll, where you can find great ... more
Local Premium
Louis Vuitton Official Website - Explore the latest women's bag collections exclusively available at
© 2013 Local Corporation - US Patent 7,231,405
Some data provided by Acxiom. Questions and Comments? Send us your feedback!
<|endofexample|>
Heartbreak after fires hit Tasmania
More than 100 homes destroyed in southeast Tasmania.
But he said they are still continuing to sift through about 500 inquiries -- some of whom may be for the same person or be for people who weren't even in the fire zones -- about potentially missing people. Then there's the matter of double-checking on the ground, including combing through scorched buildings, to ensure everyone survived.
"Until we've had the opportunity to do all the screening that we need to do, ... we can't say for certain that there hasn't been a human life or more than one human life lost as a result of these fires," Tilyard.
Copyright 2013 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
The Miami Dolphins beat the Buffalo Bills 24-10 on Sunday, but were eliminated from the playoffs.
The Fins were knocked out of contention when the Bengals beat the Steelers.
As for the Dolphins' win, Reggie Bush scored three touchdowns for Miami.
Bush caught two touchdowns from Ryan Tannehill.
He also rushed for a `1-yard touchdown in the second quarter.
The Fins defense caused 4 Buffalo turnovers.
Tannehill finished the day 13/25 for 130 yards.
Tannehill also rushed for 44 yards or 6 carries.
Backup running back Lamar Miller had 10 carries for 73 yards.
The Dolphins close out the season next Sunday at New England.
<|endofexample|>
Having"' flag football charity event at Arizona Cardinals headquarters on Saturday. After three seasons together in Baltimore, Flacco says the relationship was hitting its stride.
Joe Flacco: Anquan Boldin should 'stick to his guns'
Published On: Mar 10 2013 03:08:31 PM EDT Updated On: Mar 10 2013 03:08:31 PM EDT
Distributed by Internet Broadcasting and The Sports Xchange. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
.
Recap: Oilers 3, Coyotes 2 (SO)
Published On: Feb 23 2013 06:44:41 PM EST Updated On: Feb 23 2013 06:44:41 PM EST
Distributed by Internet Broadcasting and The Sports Xchange. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
Triathletes don't let diabetes stop them
Exercise becomes part of diabetes management
When Peter Nerothin was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, he found his passion.
Nerothin set out to prove himself as an endurance athlete.
"To be honest, I felt like I had something to prove to people," said Nerothin, who found an innovative way of continuing extreme sports while battling type 1 diabetes. "Which is the way it goes with a lot of these athletes -- I wanted to make a statement to myself and also to them."
He later helped direct Triabetes, a program that inspires and instructs diabetic athletes as they train for triathlons.
For his own training, Nerothin wrote a letter to LifeScan, a diabetic supply company, asking for testing supplies so he would not have to work just to have insurance. He promised them that if they would send him test strips, he would compete in an Ironman triathlon.
"I poured my heart and soul into this letter and said, 'Hey, look, I totally disagree with all the things my doctor's telling me. I feel like I'm selling myself short in life."
He thought he was unique and innovative and expected to soon be LifeScan's poster child, so he wasn't surprised to receive what he asked for. Nerothin took the supplies, sold his car on the way to the airport and ended up half-way across the world. After spending time in New Zealand climbing mountains and jumping out of planes, Nerothin returned to make good on his word. And he competed in the triathlon.
That's when he discovered what a difference his training made in his diabetes.
"Unless you have fitness built into your diabetes management plan, you really don't have a diabetes management plan," he said. "It's so critical in helping you achieve consistent blood sugars."
As director of Triabetes, Nerothin hopes to teach other diabetics what he learned.
"I had a huge wake-up call. Fitness isn't something that people with diabetes can do, it's something they should do," he said. "It really helps them focus more on what's going on with their bodies -- what they're putting into it, what they're getting out of it, how to factor exercise into the management plan. I hadn't seen it that way before, it was kind of like, 'How can I manage my diabetes so I can do activity x?' Instead (of), 'How can I do activity x as a part of my diabetes management?'"
Others Control Diabetes, Compete
Nerothin isn't the only who has discovered that exercise is a key component to diabetes control.
About three years ago, Marcus Grimm, a type 1 diabetic, started a blog with this header: "Diabetic endurance athlete unable to find any other blogs and decided to write his own."
About six months ago, he realized the title just wasn't true anymore. There are many blogs and groups to help diabetics train.
"I know one of the things that the Triabetes group is trying to do is saying, 'Here are some guidelines, [but remember] we're all individuals and we all have to tweak it differently,'" he said. "It's good to see what they have out there. That's what I try to do on my blog is tell people here's kind of what I'm doing with my (insulin) pump and my training."
Grimm uses his long training days as practice runs for his insulin control. Whenever he does more than 13 miles, he stops every five miles to do a test. Come race day, he won't have to waste his time with that because he'll have a good idea where his blood sugars stand.
"I'm not going to stop, this is what all the training told me should happen, so let's go for it and see what happens," he said.
Another runner who employs Grimm's strategy of starting with his blood sugar a little high is Aaron Perry, the first African American diabetic to complete the Ironman triathlon.
For a race, Perry packs a lunch. He pulls his bike to the side of the road, gets off and chows down.
"I."
Copyright 2013, Internet Broadcasting. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<|endofexample|>
Indiana Arrest Records
Anyone can now search through Indiana arrest records to find information about a person they’re about to employ or who is entering their lives. As you might imagine with the soaring crime rate, the amount of arrest records listed in Indiana is enormous. If you know some detailed information about the person, the search might go faster – such as a middle name, alias, date of birth and when they were arrested. But, if you’re only submitting a name for the search it may take a while to reveal the records for the specific person you’re looking for. To receive a copy of an arrest record, you can go to a police station to search through the files, search online, contact the state and/or county in which the person was arrested or secure the services of a professional online search service. To find an Indiana arrest record by mail, submit the request to:
Indiana State Police Department
Criminal History Limited Check
P.O. Box 6188
Indianapolis, IN 46206-6188
Phone: (317) 233-2010
You’ll pay a one-time fee of $16.32 for each search. You’ll receive a report listing any results for the name you submitted listing misdemeanors and felonies that are less than one year old and information about dispositions from the court that occurred over a year ago. After you fill out a criminal history search form, you will include the fee in a personal check or money order and mail it to the above address. If you don’t have time to conduct the search yourself or wait for it through the mail, you can opt to use a professional online search service that will provide you with a detailed report within minutes. The report from most online arrest record search services will contain valuable information that you can use to make sure a potential employee is telling the truth about his or her background – or that a person who is new in your life is being honest and forthright about his or her past. You’ll usually receive more information than just criminal record statistics in the report. For example, the report might mention aliases (if any) marriages and/or divorces, past addresses and relatives. You won’t have to reveal your name or why you want the report. All information that you do provide (such as credit card data) is kept encrypted and remains strictly confidential.
Professional, online search services can plow through Indiana arrest records in a short amount of time to reveal information about a person in your life. Their incredibly powerful search engines and unlimited databases provide excellent access to both public and court documents that you might need for your search. The report you receive will be formatted in an easy-to-read and understand way so that you don’t have to waste time trying to figure out the “language of the court.” Plus, you can receive and read the report in the privacy of your own home or office.
Click on the link to see how you can use a professional, online search service to find Indiana arrest records that you may need before proceeding with your business – or your life.
<|endofexample|>
Computer Parts or Supplies Perth
Western Australia > Perth Directory > Computer and Electronics > Perth Computer Parts or Supplies
Your search returned 3 Perth Computer Parts or Supplies listings
Robs Web Design
HireIT.com - Computer Rental Australia
Leading top brands computer rental company based in Australia providing services for pc hire, desktop computer rental, laptop hire, notebook lease, lcd projector rental, MAC hire, printer rental, tft monitor rentals, plasma screen hire, and server rentals
Perth Computer Parts or SuppliesBasic Listings
Office NationalPhone: (08) 9228 9333 Address: 69 Edward St, Perth, WA | Report
Computer Parts or Computer Parts or Supplies directory.
Related terms: Perth computer accessories, Perth computer hardware, Perth computer shops, Perth computer stores, Perth computer supply, Perth computers supplies, Perth cpus, Perth hard drives, Perth motherboards, Perth pc parts
Computer Parts or Supplies in surrounding locationsDaglish Computer Parts or Supplies Osborne Park Computer Parts or Supplies Wembley Computer Parts or Supplies Scarborough Computer Parts or Supplies Cottesloe Computer Parts or Supplies Computer Parts or Supplies main category for all Computer Parts or Supplies business listings.
<|endofexample|>
When it comes to finding international moving companies in West Virginia, Randolph, we assist you in finding the right international movers, at the right time. The experts working with us have a fair idea of the International movers market and can assist you in getting moving quotes from some of the leading relocation services providers from West Virginia, WV, Randolph and other parts of the globe.
Are you looking for international movers in WV or want to get the best international moving quotes? We provide a brief listing of renowned international moving companies in WV, Randolph.
<|endofexample|>
Franco & Paolo Ristorante Italiano, Locks Heath Centre
By AmyLocksHeath | Thursday, October 25, 2012, 11:29
A new Italian Restaurant is now open in Locks Heath Centre, Franco and Paolo Ristorante Italiano. Please click here for opening times, reviews, contact details and further information about this fabulous neighbourhood style, family run Italian restaurant.
Franco and Paolo Ristorante Italiano is now open in Locks Heath Centre
The outside view of Franco and Paolo, nestled between Basmati Indian Restaurant and Thomas Cook
Franco and Paolo
Interior view of Franco and Paolo
Spaghetti Marinara
Scaloppine al Bosco
Classic Italian Pizza Rustica
<|endofexample|>
I was surprised the other day to see this op-ed on the Fox News website criticizing the contemporary mythology in conservative circles regarding Ronald Reagan's legacy. Here's the key quote:
If conservatives believe Reagan was a good president, what made him good was not his ideological rhetoric but his actions as a leader, including many moderate and even left-leaning initiatives. Coming on the heels of the liberal agenda of the 1960s and 1970s and supported by the rising Christian Right, Reagan may have seemed like an extreme conservative figure. In reality, and especially by today’s standards, he was a fairly moderate figure.
Maybe not all Fox News contributors are mindless ideologues after all.
Although again sweet candy, also has a bitter day.
Posted by: Michael Kors Outlet | April 28, 2012 at 09:49 PM
<|endofexample|>
Angels'
Watch Inn B&B in Westbrook Connecticut
Angels' Watch Inn B&B Westbrook
Connecticut River Valley Bed and Breakfast Lodgings Accommodations
Website
Online
Booking
Hosts: The Barry-Millspaugh
Family
Bedrooms: 5
Address: 902 Boston Post
Road, Westbrook, Connecticut (CT) 06498 USA
Click
here for location.
Telephone: 860-399-8846
Activities/Attractions:
Within a short drive there are fine restaurants, marinas, golf courses,
beaches, art galleries, specialty shops, antique shops, movie theaters.
Within close proximity are many
quaint New England towns such as Old Saybrook, Old Lyme, Essex, Chester,
Deep River, Haddam, East Haddam, Clinton, Madison, and Guilford. One and
one half block walk to beautiful West Beach on Long Island Sound.
Close to Westbrook are.
"We were looking for
Fireplaces and Jacuzzis. ANGELS' WATCH. There are definitely Angels'
watching and caring here!!"
"We attended the Angel's
Watch Inn Among Friends weekend which included the absolutely fabulous
gourmet dinner. This weekend was particularly special for us as we got
engaged on Friday after we arrived at the inn. Bill and Peggy and their
family made us feel so welcome the second we walked in. We can't wait to
go back again!"
"The accommodations are
excellent and the personal touches heart-warming. Thank you for a
comfortable night."
Back
to Connecticut Listings
General Information: Angels'
Watch Inn Bed and Breakfast is a Connecticut Bed and Breakfast located
in Westbrook - a charming New England village situated along the
Connecticut River Valley Shoreline. Five newly renovated guest rooms
have been beautifully furnished and decorated for your pleasure and
comfort. All rooms have Vermont Casting fireplaces, and
private/private detached baths. Two rooms have dual person pedestal
soaking tubs. Two rooms have tubs with whirlpool bath mats.
Click
here to view all the rooms. All guest rooms have:
Payment Accepted: Cash,
personal check, MC, Visa, Discover, Amex.
Rates: (Prices quoted in US
Dollars)
$115-185/night
A full gourmet breakfast is served.
Click
here for specials.
Click
here for wedding specials.
"Few words can
convey how wonderful our stay was at your beautiful B&B.
Angel's Watch."
"This was our first stay in
any B and B. We were not disappointed. We would recommend this place to
anyone."
"We shall return - very
enjoyable! Move over Martha Stewart ... Meals perfectly
cooked and perfectly served!"
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to logs2u.co.uk | About Us | FAQs | Login
View basketCheckout
0 item(s) - £0.00
© CPL Distribution LimitedVAT Number 651611950 | Registered Number 00544782Registered office: Mill Lane Wingerworth Chesterfield S42 6NGEcommerce Development by Livelink New Media
This site uses cookies to help give you a great experience on your visit. By using this website you agree to our use of cookies. For more information please read our cookie policy.
<|endofexample|>
Concern about food allergies led officials and parents in St. Mary's County, Md., to forbid elementary school children from bringing homemade treats for their classes. / Lorayn Deluca, Mama Luca Media
Seeking to heighten safety, a southern Maryland school district has banned homemade treats for classes, banished birthday invitations and prohibited parents and volunteers from hugging or touching children who aren't their own.
The new rules, which cover 8,000 students in 17 elementary schools in St. Mary's County, also forbid siblings from visiting during school hours, even if they are with a parent.
The "best practices" were drafted by a committee of parents and administrators last fall and implemented after the Newtown, Conn., massacre in December, Southern Maryland Newspapers reported Friday. NBC News picked up the story Tuesday.
"We think it's the right balance between safety and parental involvement," Kelly Hall, executive director of elementary schools, told the newspapers.
"What's OK with some families is not OK with others," she told NBC News.
District officials said concerns about food allergies prompted the ban on homemade treats for all. Parents can still send baked good or food for their child or children, but administrators would prefer only store-bought products that list ingredients.
School officials said they want parents' feedback, and the school board intends to review its policy school visitation by summer.
"I think this is horrible," board member Cathy Allen said last week. "Certainly, elements of this are going to decrease parent involvement. It's just the nature of the beast."
One parent described the discussions during committee meetings as intense, but she told the newspapers she didn't think any of the rules was excessive.
"It is sad that it needs to be done for the safety of our children," said Sherry Whittles.
Hall acknowledged that "anxiety is high," and said the new rules could be modified after they are tried for the remainder of the school year.
Read the original story: Md. county bans homemade treats, hugs from schools
<|endofexample|>
, naomac, 87lomotempura, gmeredith, and arurin.
Where is this?
Nearby LomoLocations
Braving the Winter Cold at Glasgow's Riverside Museum
My friend @andybaba and I went for a freezing walk to Glasgow's Riverside Museum during a sp…
Glasgow Buchanan Street Demolition
Buildings opposite the Buchanan Galleries are being demolished to make way for ten new shops…
Merchant City
Merchant City in the centre of Glasgow has some excellent buildings, bars,
The Hidden Gardens
This is one of this great city's truly secret places, there to reward the aimless wanderer! …
<|endofexample|>
Lucy is a wheelchair user and an ambassador of the young people's disability charity Whizz-Kidz. Lucy has been an inspiration to other young disabled people through her campaigning and awareness-raising activities with the charity. She has been the driving force behind a project aiming to inspire other young disabled people to know their rights and stand up for themselves. The project resulted in a moving and inspiring film in which Lucy and her peers shared their own, often difficult, experiences courageously and honestly. Through her involvement with Whizz-Kidz, Lucy's confidence grew, and as part of the project she even 'grilled' the Minister for Disabled People (with Lucy in the photo) about the UN Convention on the Rights of People with Disabilities. Lucy is an inspiring, passionate and artiuclate champion of young disabled people's rights
<|endofexample|>
, 13 March 2011
Models Own Launch Smash Up Crackle Polishes & Pro Range
Model's Own, much loved for their multitudinous shades of reasonably priced nail polish, are really hitting us with exciting releases this spring. First up, as part of their nail art collaboration with cult salon WAH Nails, Smash Up polishes - that oh-so-hot crackle finish in nine colours. We can't wait to try these out. They'll be available in April, with the Model's Own site carrying all nine shades, and Boots stores carrying a subset. They'll cost a rather reasonable £6.
Secondly, a whole new selection of polishes under the new Pro line, which are formaldehyde, toluene and DBP (known as the Big 3) free. The polish will also include vitamin E, and UV filters, to help your manicure last longer without fading, and to help promote nail growth. The new line, which will be available exclusively in Boots stores at first in a new professional nail care area - which in itself sounds pretty interesting. After that, Model's Own are targetting high end department stores and salons. The range is made up of a staggering 54 new shades.
What do you think? Excited by any of these new products? Let us know in the comments!
Labels: models own, news
-  definitely interested in the Pro range and the different coloured crackle polishes. I need to hurry up and use some of the polishes that I already own.
I can't wait for the coloured crackle polishes - the grape looks right up my street, and the turquoise look so summery!
I've found it's easier to clear space in nail polish collections by being generous and giving away ones I don't use... makes space for all the new ones I want!
<|endofexample|>
With a network stretching from London to Liverpool, London Midland can take you to some of the UK’s most beautiful, historic and exciting cities and places. Whether it’s shopping, culture, attractions or sports that takes you out and about we can take you there.
London Midland takes in a wide range of destination: visit Birmingham’s revitalised city centre, catch one of the many events taking place in Liverpool, get 2 for 1 entry to London attractions or go off the beaten track and visit destinations on our branch lines such as St Albans and Bedford. Our brand new destination section is packed full of ideas for days out with over 30 destinations to visit by train, all with a handy ‘must see and do’ section.
View all our destination guides here packed full of ideas for days out, events and offers. Let us take you somewhere new.
<|endofexample|>
Badladz Adventure Resort
In a great location slap on the waterfront, with a good restaurant attached...
In a great location slap on the waterfront, with a good restaurant attached...
Right on the beach, this is a Sabang institution...
Cheery Margie of Mengies presides over the restaurant and will find a room for you.
There’s a good variety of rooms here, from fan-cooled nipa huts to air-con suites with all the trimmings. The resort sprawls along the sandy beach, with shady gardens and a relaxed vibe.
A prime spot of real estate, this is a collection of good-sized, great value-for-money rooms – all with kitchens. Flash they ain’t and there’s no garden to speak of, but it’s a good option for budget travellers.
This is a family-friendly place, with a decent pool, good-value big, plain rooms, and suites with full kitchen facilities, perfect for cooking the fresh-caught fish sold outside every morning. The shady courtyard looks out across the ocean.
A rambling white building with pretty terraced garden and pool, this is the grand dame of Sabang’s hotels. Annex rooms, on the waterfront, are tiny – you’ll be more comfortable back off the main strip. There’s wi-fi.
In business since 1983, this five-room hotel is something of a Sabang institution, looking directly over the water and with a popular upstairs restaurant.
A delightful cluster of stand-alone cottages with private balconies in an overflowing and colourful garden, this resort sits high above the beach. It has breezes and views and is away from the noise. And yes, there are a lot of steps.
A collection of good value, small, self-contained units with kitchens, which lie in concrete rows just off the beach.
A notable exception to most run-of-the-mill accommodation here, Coco’s is rustic and relaxed at the quiet western end of the beach.
A sprawling resort that probably retains its popularity more for its alfresco restaurant and well-known dive centre than the somewhat musty rooms.
A good budget choice, VIP has rooms behind Action Divers. Rates stay the same year-round, and dive and accommodation packages are available.
Behind Coral Cove Resort, this place lacks views and atmosphere. On the upside, rooms are clean and well kept, and air-con rooms have cable TV. Guests tend to dive with Coral Cove Dive Center.
The grand old dame of Sabang, Spanish mission-style Atlantis has the town's priciest restaurant (Ristorante da Franco), an idyllic terraced garden with a pool and a state-of-the-art five-star PADI dive centre.
The Villa has huge, plain, powder-blue rooms and family-friendly apartments. At its heart is a shady courtyard with views across a large pool to the sea. It also has a restaurant, pool tables and bar. Octopus Divers is based here.
Stylish El Galleon is one of the long-stayers on the beach. At this resort, bamboo and thatch is incorporated into comfortable cottages that wind their way through landscaped gardens on the hillside down to the pool deck.
Away from the crowds, Sabang Inn has spacious rooms, great views and friendly staff. There's a five-star PADI dive centre here offering good package deals. Rates stay the same year-round.
Careworn but clean rooms with shared balconies are stacked all the way up the steep hill, ensuring great views. The restaurant, which looks over the beach, has good cheap meals (from around P130) and brewed coffee (around P25).
This place has a bizarre, EuroDisney thing going on - it looks like a giant jumping castle. Rooms have four-poster beds, faux-antique furniture and marble bathrooms. It's worth forking out a little more for the suites.
On the stretch of shoreline between Garden of Eden Resort and the eastern point of Sabang beach, you will find no end of concrete pillbox guesthouses, some with balconies looking out to sea. All accept walk-in guests.
A massive white structure that seems to defy building regulations, the Whitehouse perches high at the western end of the beach.
Subscribe now and receive a 20% discount on your next guidebook purchase
© 2013 Lonely Planet. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission.
<|endofexample|>
Feel good with LOOKCustomers who are seeking an authentic implementation of themes such as leisure, travel and sports enjoy working with LOOK. This because since over 20 years, our whole collection has been representing an active and pleasurable lifestyle.
More than 100 photographers, who are at home everywhere on earth, are constantly giving you new insights into this world of experience. That's how today, we offer an excellent choice of single images and numerous selections.
The LOOK website allows clients to research directly and online, using such tools as a detailed searching function. On our database we're hosting more than 300.000 digital images ready to be downloaded in high resolution quality. And our archive is growing larger almost every day.
Many of our images are available on online research platforms such as Alamy, APIS and Fotofinder. A selection of regional themes is distributed worldwide by getty images.
Our clients appreciate the individual service of LOOK's trained and experienced personnel. We're looking forward to accepting your research orders personally and help you with specific selections to find the images you are searching for.
Enjoy your work with LOOK.
LOOK Die Bildagentur der Fotografen GmbH, founded in 1989, is an independent company with registered office in Munich, Germany.
Owners of LOOK are the photographers Hauke Dressler, Heinz Endler, Jan Greune, Karl Johaentges, Bernhard Limberger, Rainer Martini, Jürgen Richter, Helmut Rüffler, Ulli Seer, und Florian Werner as well as CEO and associate Thomas Wild.LOOK is a member of BVPA, the representation of interests of the press picture agencies and picture archives in Germany.Numerous LOOK photographers are members of Freelens.LOOK is an IHK recognized education business. We train to the FAMI and offer traineeships.
<|endofexample|>
Amber Valletta Charity Work, Events and Causes
Amber Valletta is an American actress who has appeared in films such as What Lies Beneath and Transporter 2.
She is on the Honorary Board of Directors for International Fund For Animal Welfare.
Charities & foundations supported (3)
Amber Valletta has supported the following charities:
Other supporters of the same charities & foundations
Aaron Peirsol Adam Sandler Adrian Grenier Alex Meraz Alexander Skarsgård Amanda Beard Angela Kinsey Glenn Close Jessica Alba Josh Brolin Kate Walsh Kristin Bauer Morgan Freeman Pierce Brosnan Salma Hayek
Causes supported
Animals, Cancer, Children, Conservation, Creative Arts, Education, Environment, Health, Hunger, Oceans, Poverty, Water
Contact Amber Valletta
You can contact Amber Valletta using this service. (Or read our advice on how to contact celebrities)
Kudos from users
Be the first to give kudos to Amber Valletta
<|endofexample|>
The following types of information may be collected when you use and visit LookWhoGotBusted.com. LookWhoGotBusted.com does not sell your personal information to third parties.Web Server Log Files
Almost all Web sites, including LookWhoGotBusted.com, store data in log files. This information may include your IP address, your internet service provider, your browser, the time you visited and which pages you viewed.Cookies and Web Beacons
LookWhoGotBusted.com uses cookies to store some information that contributes to functionality on the site.
Advertisers on LookWhoGotBusted.com also may use cookies, web beacons or other technologies, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program and the DART cookie program) information including your IP, Internet service provider, browser, and in some cases, whether you have plugins such as Flash installed. This is generally used for targeting purposes (showing local real estate ads, for example or ads based on specific sites previously result in the loss of your ability to use some services or programs online.
Information on opting out of the DART cookie program may be found here.
<|endofexample|>
Mixing With Cubase Tutorial – Be Organized Before Mixing With Cubase
Before importing the audio files in the DAW, let’s have a look at those files. Are they WAV or AIFF? Are they OMF? The files’ format depends on the way your friend exported from his DAW.
OMF (Open Media Format): When importing this file format, the DAW recreates the same project and puts all the audio files along the timeline in the proper order with the correct track names. Note that this file format does not capture effects data.
WAV or AIFF: If the export of every track has been done with this file format, all the tracks have to start at the same point. Otherwise you won’t be able to line up the files at the same start point.
Start with an empty project. Hit <ctrl + N>, select your project folder and hit OK. Under the menu File, select Import Audio file and look in your hard disk to select the bounces.
If you import the tracks one by one, you will have to create an audio track beforehand. You can select all the tracks you need by holding the <ctrl> key on your keypad.
At this point, make the good choice in the Import Option windows:
Select “copy files to working directory”. All the audio files will be copied and stored in the audio folder of your project.
Selecting “Convert and copy to project if needed” will convert the audio files to the same sample rate and record format you previously set in the Project Setup.
Some Cubase users set the project at 32-bit floating point (adding extra 8 bits full of zero), arguing that all internal processing in the application are done at 32-bit floating point, which means there is no bit depth conversion during processing. The gain is not clear but the impact on the storage capacity is really clear!
Selecting “split channels” allows you to decide if you want separate a stereo track to two mono tracks.
The next window gives you the choice to insert the audio files on one track or insert on different tracks – select “different tracks”.
Mixing With Cubase Tutorial – Be Organized Before Mixing With Cubase
Insert objects option
We all remember our mother saying “Clean your room!” We thought she was wrong when we were young, but for a mix, she’s so right!
Let’s have a look at the project:
As you can see, all the tracks are completely disorganized. They appear in the order you selected them. Some guitar tracks are followed by keyboard tracks, drum track, vocal tracks, piano tracks, drum tracks again, and piano…
Set all the audio tracks in the common order most of the front of house engineers use: First, all the drums tracks (kick, snare top, snare bottom, hh, toms and oh), then the bass tracks, then guitars tracks, then the ‘extra’ instruments (keyboards, strings…) and finished with the vocals tracks.
To do so, drag and drop the kick drum track to the top of the track list. As you move a track on the track list, two green horizontal lines appear. Use the same technique with your project tracks.
Take the time to rename tracks as you want to. If there is only one kick drum track, why keep a track called “bounce kick-01″? Rename it “kick drum” for example. You just have to double click on the name in the track list to edit it.
At the same time, if you want to rename the track in the event display, select the track, click the Show Event Info Line icon in the toolbar and double click on the name under ‘File’.
You should add some colors to your tracks for easier overview.
You have two options:
Select the first drum track (which should be the kick now), hold [ctrl + shift] and click on the last drum track. All the drum tracks are now selected. Choose and apply a color from the color selector in the toolbar located on the top right of the project window.
At this point, all the tracks are organized, renamed and colorized.
Using group channel tracks is very useful for mixing. By routing several audio channels to a group channel, you can submix them, apply the same effects and equalization to all of them. Let’s create these tracks and see the benefits.
In this example project we have 10 drums tracks, 2 bass tracks, 3 guitars tracks and 4 keyboards tracks. So we create four group channel tracks.
Do a right click in the track list, select “Add Group Channel Track”, set the count to 4, select Stereo and click OK.
Rename the group channel tracks as ‘Drums’, ‘Bass’, ‘Guitars’ and ‘Keyboard’, set the colors of your choice (the same as the corresponding audio tracks or different one) and place these four group channel tracks at the end of the track list as it is physically placed on an analogue mixing desk.
To route the output of an audio channel to a group, pull down the output routing pop-up and select the corresponding group.
If you want to route multiple audio channels to a group at once, select all the tracks needed, hold Shift+ALT and click on the output routing pop-up to select the group.#
If you solo a group channel, all channels routed to the group will be automatically soloed as well. Soloing a channel routed to a group will automatically solo the group channel.
Note that if you solo a group or channel routed to that group, any channels which have AUX sends routed to other group channels, FX channels or output busses will be muted.
In the example below, the solo button on the drums group track has been activated.
If you mute a group channel, all channels routed to it will be muted as well.
You can change this functionality in the Preferences at the VST page.
If you deactivate the option “Group Channels: Mute Sources as well”, muting a group channel will mute this group channel track but all channels that are routed directly to that group channel will remain unmuted. This means that if any of those channels have aux sends routed to other group channels, FX channels or output busses, those will still be heard.
The drums group track muted (Mute Sources as well deactivated).
Next time, we will continue to organize and prepare the project session. We still have to create folder tracks, check the phase cancellation on the snare, edit some audio tracks and set configurations of the mixer.
I think you need more coffee before you can finally put your fingers on the mixer…
—————
Ableton Live, Logic Pro, Reason, Cubase & ProTools tools – royalty free loops, samples and sounds from Loopmasters – the sample boutique.
<|endofexample|>
Studio Line Mega Hairspray Be the first to write a review Holds.24 Hours.Adds Shine. $4.99 1 2 3 4 5 Buy ItFind Near You Description You have long term plans for your style. Studio Mega Hairspray helps you lock your style into place for 24 hours and keeps it shiny to the last strand. Ingredients AQUA / WATER / EAU; DIMETHYL ETHER; ALCOHOL DENAT; POLYESTER-5; POLYURETHANE-6; PARFUM / FRAGRANCE; GLYCERIN; BENZYL SALICYLATE; BUTYLPHENYL METHYLPROPIONAL; HEXYL CINNAMAL; HYDROXYISOHEXYL 3-CYCLOHEXENE CARBOXALDEHYDE; LIMONENE; HYDROLYZED SILK; LINALOOL How To Use Spray on dry, styled hair 8-12 inches away to keep your style intact.For added control, finish your style with a cool blast of air from your blow dryer. Explore the Brand Show Some Love TweetEmail Close Email this Product From: To: Send me a copy Message (optional) Email addresses you supply here will only be used to send the requested content. 4 Studio+Line+Mega+Hairspray HaveSave
<|endofexample|>
I remember when it happened. I remember it was just an ordinary day. My mom told me. He didn't want to tell me himself. He was sick. Very sick. He had cancer. It was bad. We didn't talk about it. It was like if we said it out loud, it might make it worse. It almost seemed like that was what sparked it. Nathan got sick and then so did the rest of the world. That was bad too.
We lived in a pretty rural area. A small town. Not many people but enough to have a problem once the super flu spread. It went everywhere. Nathan got moved to the next town over. Their hospital was bigger and better equipped to keep him safe in case it got worse. I spent all of my free time there with him. I talked to him. Stupid things. Things I wanted to do in the future. What my mother was planning to cook for dinner. How a couple in school got caught under the bleachers, the most cliche place to be. He laughed when something was funny. He nodded sympathetically when something was going wrong. Those were the good times. Sometimes when I went to visit, he was asleep. Cancer patients tend to sleep a lot because they are constantly fighting. It would never be good sleep. No sweet dreams. It was horrible. He would gasp for breath every so often. His face would contort in pain. He would mumble nonsense. Sometimes, he would even wake up long enough to ask for more painkillers before drifting back to sleep. I sat. I held his hand. I watched him breathing, my heart skipping a beat if he took even a second too long to inhale. All I could think was you and me.
you and me
you and me
you and me
No one ever thought the super-flu would result in zombies. Who would ever have thought that was even possible? The cluster of small towns surrounding us put up road blocks and established mandatory curfews. We were in quarantine. People were getting sick. People were dying. That was when we had our last good day.
It was Valentines Day. Nathan was doing really well. He was awake and happy and in minimal pain. We celebrated. He convinced one of the nurses to have flowers delivered to his room for me. Pink flowers wrapped in cellophane and tied with a gray ribbon.Wee took pictures. We laughed. We kissed. He gave me a necklace. It was a vintage heart locket on a thin silver chain with our pictures inside. That day was the only good day i could think of at the time. So I told him about it. I told him about it on the day he died.
Our town was in complete chaos. People were protesting. People were committing suicide left and right. No one talked. People started carrying guns around with them everywhere they went. I was living in world of bullets and death. I knew I had to get to Nathan in the hospital. I had to be with him. I needed him so I could be hopeful again. I drove through a field to get around the roadblocks. No one seemed to care. I drove twelve miles to the next town. To the hospital. To find him. To see him. To save him. To save myself.
Everything was quiet. I took that as a bad sign. All the lights were out. It was cold. No heat. The elevators didn't work. I climbed the stairs to the second floor and walked to the end to the hallway. His room was empty. There was blood on the walls. I panicked. I ran from room to room. Floor to floor. Wing to wing. Screaming his name. I got to the top floor and heard a moan. I immediately pulled out my gun. I had stolen it from my father. I wasn't stupid enough to come here unarmed. I heard the moan again. Around the corner. Make a left. On the right. Open the door. And there he was. On a stretcher on the floor of a supply closet. They had left him. They had all left him to die. Alone. In the dark and cold and pain. Surrounded by the smell of disinfectant.
I saw the bite. I knew what it meant. I knew it was bad. I knew his time was running out.
I abandoned all caution and knelt down next to him. He was asleep. His chest heaved with the effort of breathing. His whole body shook with each gasp. His face contorted in pain. He mumbled nonsense. It was a bad time. I knelt there. I held his hand. I watched and listened to his wretched breathing, my heart skipping a beat if he took a second too long to inhale. I talked to him. Stupid things. How the chain from my locket broke. How I was going to get it fixed as soon as all this was over. How much I loved him. That he was going to live. That he was going to be ok. Lies. I knew it. He shook his head. He knew it too.That last Valentines Day. That last good day. That last scrap of wonderful.I sat. Holding his hand tightly in mine. Crying. Deep racking sobs. Rocking back and forth. Saying one thing over and over again.
you and me
you and me
you and me
And he stopped. Everything. No more breathing. No more moaning. No more pain. No more Nathan. And then he came back. His eyes were blank. His skin pale. His hand still gripping mine. I screamed. I kicked him back. I couldn't kill him. I couldn't let him stay like this. I couldn't let him kill me. I shot him. Three shots right in the head. All I had. He splattered on the wall behind him. Pink and gray. Just like the flowers.
I screamed. I cried. I ran. I scratched my arms. I bled. I tore my shirt. I pulled my hair. I wailed. I cursed. I remembered. I climbed. I stepped up. I felt the wind. I jumped. I flew. I fell. I whispered.
you and me
you and me
you and me
Until I was just a splatter on the pavement. Pink and grey. Just like the flowers.
(this is my first entry for the valentines day competition. it has nothing to do with my main blog, cured. enjoy)
Views: 34
Comment
Grim and with a most unhappy ending, your story explores the tail end of a loving relationship in the midst of a deadly disease. I am curious how the individual telling the story would have reacted if Nathan just plain old died a horrible death - without him coming back and without the teller having to shoot him. Your stocato sentencing style does bring the reader into the stress and urgency of the setting, but a run on with a few commas and semicolons wouldn't hurt every once in a while. This is a really great story, thanks FoundZpmbie. Now please excuse me while I eat a turnip.
© 2013 Created by Skot (Lost).
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
You need to be a member of Lost Zombies to add comments!
Join Lost Zombies
<|endofexample|>
Quick Links
RSS 2.0 Feeds
Lottery News
Event Calendar
Latest Forum Topics
Web Site Change Log
RSS info, more feeds
190 replies. Last post 8 days ago by lakerben.
Series System for Ohio Excel!!!..
<|endofexample|>
- Attractions
- Theater
- Movies
- Coupons
- Dining
- Family Fun
- Art
- Music
- Neighborhoods
- Derby
- About
- The Weekender
As spring quickly approaches, the earth has begun to warm, the animals are emerging from their winter sleep, and the woods are once again bursting forth with beautiful blooms and emerald green leaves. With such abundant beauty to be seen during the lengthening days, one forgets that Bernheim Research Forest and Arboretum is magical in an entirely different, but no less stunning way after the sun has set. This month, Bernheim is offering several opportunities for night-sky enthusiasts to study the heavens in the most pristine of natural settings.
On Friday, March 16, from 8 p.m. to 10:30 p.m., younger members of the family are invited to join volunteer naturalist Don Spain as he leads a group on a "Cardinal Points Astronomy Stroll" around Lake Nevin. Walkers will stop at the four cardinal points of the lake to view the skies from every possible angle, all the while learning about the different clusters and important stars that can be viewed by the naked eye. Fans of folklore will also be able to learn about the constellations and the myths associated with them; if you have a favorite, come ready to share with the whole group! Visitors are also invited to bring their own pairs of binoculars if they want a closer look at any of the heavenly bodies being discussed.
Later in the month, more advanced sky-watchers can register for the last of the "Winter Star Stories." These monthly programs are a partnership between Bernheim and the Louisville Astronomical Society and are hosted by knowledgeable amateur astronomers. The material of the program constantly changes to keep pace with the moving sky, and powerful telescopes are always provided for unparalleled views as your guide educates you about the twinkling planets and nebulas you are observing. The Sky Watch Nights run rain or shine, and in the event of inclement weather, a fun and informative media program will be held inside the Garden Pavilion, featuring star stories, images from the best telescopes in the world (including the Hubble!), and fascinating information about our limitless universe. Join "star captain" Don Spain on Saturday, March 24, from 8:00 p.m. to 10:30 p.m., as he and naturalist-in-training Cele Beckner unravel the wonders of the cosmos.
Both of these events are held in the Bernheim's Garden Pavilion, and admission is $10 for members of the Forest and $12 for non-members. Note that registration and payment are due by 4:00 p.m. on the day prior to the program, so plan accordingly! To register or to receive more information about these events (including cancelations due to weather), call (502)-955-8512.
Lenihan Sotheby's International Realty—All Louisville Listings
<|endofexample|>
- Attractions
- Theater
- Movies
- Coupons
- Dining
- Family Fun
- Art
- Music
- Neighborhoods
- Derby
- About
- The Weekender
Link to the Heroes promo video :
The Apprentice/Intern (A/I) Company of Actors Theatre of Louisville are pleased to present Heroes! (or nine ordinary people on stage?), a workshop performance directed by Caitlin O’Connell, playing the Victor Jory Theatre at Actors Theatre of Louisville, September 25 & 26 at 8:30 p.m. Performances are free to the public.
Superman… Muhammad Ali…Your Mom….Who’s your hero? Do we even have heroes today? According to writer Joseph Campbell, there are seventeen steps within a hero’s journey that can be found in almost every narrative. Come witness the 2011 Acting Apprentice Company explore and challenge the concept of a modern day hero drawing from Campbell’s steps, their own personal experiences, and YOU as an audience. From interpretive dance to eating contests, there’s no telling what this adventurous night will bring.
Heroes! is the first in a three part series of workshop performances developed by the A/I Company that will be presented in the coming months. The series consists of original devised work created by the Acting Apprentice Company following a program of workshops that explored different techniques and approaches to creating ensemble generated theatre.
Heroes draws from workshops undertaken with Greg Allen, founder of the Neofuturists - a Chicago-based ensemble who write, direct and perform their own work dedicated to social, political and personal enlightenment in the form of audience interaction. This production features nine members of the Acting Apprentice Company. The piece consists of vignettes created by the group that explore the role of mentors and modern day heroes in our everyday lives. Further inspired by Joseph Campbell’s book, Heroes With a Thousand Faces, in which he identifies a series of seventeen steps that he argues can be used to create a mythic story structure, the group applied this to their approach when constructing their own heroic tales. Molly Clasen, the project’s dramaturg says, “Heroes! (Or nine ordinary people onstage?) seeks to humanize Campbell’s seventeen steps, wrestling the abstract structure down to earth and roughing it up a little,” by combining ensemble story-telling techniques with personal perspectives on the meaning of true heroism.
Director Caitlin O’Connell says of the piece, “We are using the time we spent with Greg Allen as a foundation for our eccentric and unpredictable play. Heroes! (or nine ordinary people on stage?) is an exploration of how we can present our own truths on stage by sharing our thoughts on heroes in our lives and in society today.”
The first Ensemble features the talent of: Rivka Borek, Sabrina Conti, Jonathan Finnegan, Zoe Garcia, Doug Harris, Liz Malarkey, Maggie Raymond, Keaton Schmidt and Amir Wachterman.
Now in its 40th year, the A/I Company is comprised for 23 interns and 22 acting apprentices who have undertaken a 9 month training program in their field of interest in professional theatre. For more information on the A/I Company visit ActorsTheatre.org.
Photo courtesy of: Actors Theatre
Lenihan Sotheby's International Realty—All Louisville Listings
<|endofexample|>
167 comments:
Brilliant as always! I want to make one for sure :)!
Loving this! I was just looking at another DIY on this type of thing (not as cute as yours, by the way) and am just about to take a trip to Michael's on my lunch for supplies. :)
I want that!!! Awww you never cease to amaze me, gorgeous!
aw really pretty I WANT one lol. I might have to search for some necklaces to turn into one fabulous one.
Amazing! I've got bunches of vintage necklaces languishing ... might have to give this one a whirl.
I'm always so envious of your craftiness! Looks fabulous!
this is such a great way to dress something simple up, love it.
so pretty!
you blow my mind! that turned out gorgeous. i must be retarded because i never get how you did it!
OMG Awesome!!!!! You're a master of DIY!!!!!
I love those necklaces!!!!
xoxo
oh my gosh, i'm such a fan of yours! i love your diys!.
great necklace, you rock!
Great!
Zepequeña.
WOW amazing job this time again!!
I LOVE this!!!!
Really nice!!!!
how awesome!!
you are so creative!
i want a million necklaces meshed into one...even though my neck might be sore at the end of the day ;)
So beautiful, I love the idea....so inspiring!
Great post! I liked it so much that I tweeted it. I am definitely going to try this out soon , your necklace turned out beautiful!
very awesome! this necklace is effing badass!
Genius! The necklace you made looks gorgeous..
love love love love!
they look amazing.
What a great, easy idea! I'm going to have to try it!
AWESOME! You're the QUEEN of DIY!
I love it!
oh how i love tom binns jewelry! and your version is just gorgeous! love it! YAYUH!~
you do such magnificent work!!! you are so talented! I love it!!
This is so cute! You did a fantastic job. You have such good ideas.
Can't wait for your book signing one day...should compile all your fab DIY projects darling! ~Hopeful*
I love these necklaces! Yours is just gorgeous!
it turned out so beautiful....you lucked out finding such great vintage pieces!
Awesome! Love it! Love the combo with the pearls. Just makes it.
Oh, I love it!
That's gorgeous!! You did an amazing job!
xo
Giovanna
BRILLIANT. I say this every time (I know) but I can't help it!! I'm definitely doing this one (I say that every time too)!!!
You are the DIY QUEEN!
Absolutely BRILLIANT!
Love the necklaces! Is it possible to buy one?
Gwen
Another awesome idea! You have patience. I'm just going to layer ;)
super snazzy. i am running into these big bold statement necklaces all the time. It will dress up any outfit.
so gorgeous!! i love the necklaces that you paired together, especially that you added pearls in there.
Yet another great DIY - thanks for this!
Terrific job on the necklace! Love it! and that white t-shirt dress you created is amazing!! xoxo
You are one talented woman!!
I love your DIY'S.
I haven't tried any out myself yet, but this one is definitely at the top of my list!
It's gorgeous!!
Hope you're having a wonderful week too!
x
Love it. Actually, I love yours better than his. And yours is much cheaper. And more unique. Win-win.
That is a fabulous idea! And looks great, I'm always thing 'what will she think of next' which keeps me tuning in to your fab blog!
Rianna Bethany xxxxxxxxxxxxx
OMG, I love these necklaces. You are too talented!
Soooo pretty! Nice work.
I features this on my blog
looks good!
Excellent tutorial as usual. I am doing a blog series on vintage jewelry and will definitely link to this!
Or you could just sell them and we could buy them? ah ha ha. Fab of course!!
Excellent necklace tutorial. I love the idea of adding in some old rhinestone necklaces for extra glam.
I think you are probably one of the most creative people in this world. Your ideas are amazing, and the results even more so. Great necklace, I'll have to attempt this one day!
Awesome! Thank you for sharing! :)
Thanks so much for posting this and other great tutorials. You've provided me with some wonderful inspiration. Thanks to you, there will be at least one more fabulously-dressed person in the world. :-)
that is fantastic! I did my version on my blog, thanks a lot for inspiration :D
oh wow, thanks so much for the inspiration! <3
that's very fabulous! wow!
Um... this is FABULOUS!!!!
Can you please please just make me one and I pay you a small fortune?!!!!!!!
I would die for this!!!!
It is BAH-AN-ANAS!!!!!!!
Love!
Wow Thank you I'm so doing this.
great stuff you have here. awesome. just the right info i need to write my essay!!
Gorgeous!!!
As a 19 year old, whose jewelry consists of cheap and colourful plastic and stone beads, I'm definitely going to try to make this. Pretty, pretty pretty! Now my only problem is coming up with an outfit to go with it. =)
What a beautiful accessories, fabulous! The necklace is like the one that I found in the antique auctions online, both are gorgeous and lovely.
Good Pictures, i used your picture on my article, do you have a picture of antique oak like this.. here Antique Oak
wow amazing ..is great..fantastic
Nice post
Just visit my SIte
Nice post
I love woman dressing pearls and necklaces, I think any woman has to wear some of them, they look more elegant and so fine for my eyes, probably if you don't have one and buy you some.
With great pleasure I read your blog. The information is very interesting. my gratitude to you.
Thanks for the great idea!! Great stuff you have here. Wonderful collection of great pieces of jewelry. I hope to see more classic piece of your jewelry.
I wish I had a long enough neck to rock something like this. I have so many necklaces, and I've made so many, but never wear them :(
Looks great on yous!
Your blog is awesome and really great post has been shared. Like the fashion which has been shared here.
Your blog is awesome and really great post has been shared. Like the fashion which has been shared here.
Nice post, I would like to request you to one more post about that Keep it up
I really love your stuff. The designs are so creative and unique.
xbox hard drive
An elegant stuff for all occasions. think I'd found what I've been looking for. I've known someone who have the stuff on creating such jewelries.
michelle.j@t-online.de.
Wow, What a beautiful and amazing design"s you posted , I love it .
Really great post, Thank you for sharing This knowledge.Excellently written article, if only all bloggers offered the same level of content as you, the internet would be a much better place. Please keep it up!
I am a fan of vintage things. I'm so happy I saw vintage necklaces collection. Fit for all occasions.
Pretty good post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed reading your blog posts. Any way I'll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you post again soon.
Education Consultants karachi
Jewelery designer always did very impressive work...and I am also very much interested in reading and watching such kind of new and great designs..Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge with us!!
I think you are right when you say this. Hats off man, what a superlative knowledge you have on this subject…hope to see more work of yours.
クレジットカード現金化
I say this every time (I know) but I can't help it!! I'm definitely doing this one (I say that every time too)!!!
I can hardly believe it! I act like an 8 year old some days and a 16 year old on the others.,
So you could put your out of fashion accessories to make a new and attractive one. Good one.
I always learn something new from your post!Great article. I wish I could write so well.
Web Hosting wanted to learn more about particular topics, but not many websites would help me out in informing me the way I expected. This left me with many question, but after reading your article, I got an answer to all my questions. You are too cool dude!!! like the design of your blog very much. It looks like a page from fairy tale. I’m really impressed!
This is the ideal post for someone who desires to be familiar with this subject.
I wonder how you got so good. This is really a fascinating blog, lots of stuff that I can get into. One thing I just want to say is that your Blog is so perfect!
Hey there, love this and I'm a new follower. YOur blog is great!!!
In reality your creative writing abilities has inspired me to begin my own Blog website now.
I can see that you are putting a lot of time and effort into your blog and detailed articles! I am deeply in love with every single piece of information you post here
Nice one.. I like this jewelry and its design also..
Weaving the beads through is the killer here i feel...just enhances the beauty of the mixing & matching. Love your work. Respect
Thanks for the tutorial. The beads are lovely!
We are truly enjoy your informative review. This is excellent work, but I will let you know about cheapest home insurance on house protection. You should get maximum discounts.
I will definitely post a link to this post on my website. I’m positive my followers will find this article really useful.
Thank you very much for this usefull information! I really understand the topic now!
Very actual information for me! Thanks a lot!Writing essays
Hi there,
You have done really nice job. There are many people searching about that now they
will find enough sources by your tips.
looking forward for more tips about that
You will be missed.The one place where as a venue and fan I could search by
what ever perimeters I chose .Good Luck with your future endeavors.
Natural supplements
Some people really make difference. Blog carries great informative material. One should read this one and appreciate. Thanks.
thats just awesome, but anything new for old users?
Nice to be visiting your blog again, it has been months for me. Well this article that I've been waited for so long. satellite internet .
Preservation and promotion of health is achieved through a combination of physical, mental and social well-being, sometimes called "the triangle of health." Health is a positive concept focuses on the social and personal resources, as well as physical capacities.
Thanks to a brilliant effort in publishing your article. One can be more informative as this. There are many things I can know only after reading your wonderful article.
Well it is one of the main and crazy things that every womens want to have it in her collection. Amazing collection i will search for it on my local market i hope i will be able to get one....
I really love to read articles that have good information and ideas to share to each reader. I hope to read more from you guys and continue that good work that is really inspiring to us.
Preservation and promotion of health is achieved through a combination of physical, mental and social well-being, sometimes called "the triangle of health." Health is a positive concept focuses on the social and personal resources, as well as physical capacities.
I am very happy to be here because this is a very good site that provides lots of information about the topics covered in depth.
The epitome of cool and stylish. Wow!
Jewelie Dee
I am hoping the same best work from you in the future as well. In fact your creative writing abilities has inspired me to start my own blog.
This was a really outstanding post. In theory I'd like to compose like this too - taking time and real effort to make a solid article...
I really enjoy simply reading all of your weblogs. Simply wanted to inform you that you have people like me who appreciate your work. Definitely a great post. Hats off to you! The information that you have provided is very helpful.
Wow, thats amazing.I love the way you write. Do you provide an RSS feed?
its amazing to see it thanks for sharing ti .
I’m not that much of a online reader to be honest but your blogs really nice, keep it up! I'll go ahead and bookmark your site to come back later. Many thanks
I was working and suddenly I visits your site frequently and recommended it to me to read also. The writing style is superior and the content is relevant. Thanks for the insight you provide the readers!
roadside assistance in richards am speechless after seeing these pictures! I love them all! I teach kindergarten and I'm going to make a theme, and photographs have given me so many ideas! You are so talented! Thanks!
You are so creative! I love to see your ideas :) I love your vintage taste and how you creative outfits. I LOVE your blog. I also didn't realize how much I LOVE Tom Binns necklaces. It's about time super crazy chunky necklaces are popular. I LOVE them!
Hi! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and new initiatives in the same niche. Blog gave us useful information to work. You have done an amazing job!
moving companies washington dc
Hmmm that really suprizing content in this post, Its give me some knowledge;
They use all natural ingredients to create organic products.
Amazing,... Very useful information particularly the last part :) Thanks dude jasa seo
I really like this, it's so chic and risky!!xoxo
/
I needed to thank you for this excellent information!! click here
Bane replica jacket taken from the movie “batman Dark Knight Rises” worn by Tom hardy as bane available here,buy this superb
quality Jacket with worldwide shipping
Ryan gosling Leather Jacket taken from the Movie “drive” worn by ryan gosling available here,buy this superb quality Jacket
with FREE worldwide shipping
Thank you very much for this usefull information! I really understand the topic now!
I found this much informative, as to what I was exactly searching for. Thanks for such post and please keep it up click here.
Wow this is amazing, I'm going to be recycling some old necklaces for this!
Thanks for your sharing,I will pay more attentions to your blog. See you next time
That is very interesting Smile I love reading and I am always searching for informative information like this!
keep the good work going by continue blogging new and entertaining posts.
Nice post i really glad to read this informative post, thanks to share :)
business line rental
Thanks for posting maybe we can see more on this. kue kering murah
Great info! I recently came across your blog and have been reading along. I thought I would leave my first comment. I don't know what to say except that I have enjoyed reading.
I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to let you know that I have for sure loved reading the blog. I have subscribed to your blog feed and I hope you will write a new post again in near future..:)
I like it very much. Have very interesting content to read out. Thanks dude visit here
A very interesting read and a great post alltogether. thanks for sharing this information. jual penghilang bekas luka
I am no longer sure the place you are getting your info, however good topic. I needs to spend a while learning more or working out more. Thank you for fantastic info I used to be in search of this information for my mission laval lawyer
It proved to be Very helpful to me and I am sure to all the commenters here!
<|endofexample|>
Pet Posts by month: March 2011
We decided to add a pet blog to our website because there is so much information out there (in newspapers and magazines, on the web, and on television), and we wanted our customers to have a site they could turn to in order to access that information. Our website is designed to give you an overview of our business and services, but it's also designed to be a resource of dog and pet information that you can use on a daily basis. We will provide links to retail outlets as well as links to sites devoted to pet safety and health. We hope you enjoy our blog and if you have suggestions, please submit them to us through the Contact Us section of our website.
Recently we were advised by some concerned customers about the use of Cocoa Mulch in our gardens. Apparently the mulch contains a toxic chemical that can be fatal to dogs and cats if ingested. Springtime is the time to re-invent and restore our sleeping gardens, so please be aware of this danger. Cocoa Mulch can be purchased at all the various garden and home improvement stores in our area. Watch out, and don't forget to tell your neighbors if you own a dog or cat.
Loving Care Makeover of the Month With Mohawk
Loving Care Makeover of the Month: Mohawk
Life on the street isn't easy. A dog can get into a lot of dirt and grime. So when Mohawk arrived to Orphans of the Storm as a stray who had been living on the streets for who knows how long, they needed to call in the experts. Loving Care Pet Services heeded the call. We picked up little Mohawk and went to work. It was not long before we got through all of the dirt, street grime, and even a few dug-in burs to reveal the beautiful, sweet poodle that had been hidden.Read more...
<|endofexample|>
Posted by PattyLA on Jul 17, 2012 in | 0 comments
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Name *
Website
We like to keep our readers up to date on all of our latest releases, so please subscribe to our mailing list. You can also subscribe to our RSS feed by CLICKING HERE.
Don't worry. We will NEVER share your info and NEVER spam you.
<|endofexample|>
summer to fall fashion
Budgets are tight and we are looking to stretch the dollar anywhere we can -- but can we stretch our summer duds to fall? Absolutely, say the experts!
"Transform your summer wardrobe into fall fashion by adding black tights, black boots and a cropped cardigan to a summer floral dress," suggests Anya Sarre, the ShoeDazzle.com's Chief Accessories Stylist.
Sarre also suggests we take the wardrobe from summer to fall effortlessly by layering dark and jewel tone colors with your summer brights, and to ditch your wedges and flip flops for textured boots and chunky heels to instantly turn your summer look into a fall favorite.
Where to start? Take a look at your basics -- and then look at them in a whole new light.
Floral jeans
Print jeans will still be big for fall, although many will transition away from florals. To update, pair with either low boots or big, chunky ankle boots and fall's leather motorcycle or bomber jackets.
Colored jeans
Color remains an important trend for fall. Pair with an oversized convex coat and loafers.
Maxi dresses
These dresses are the easiest style of all to transition into early fall. Wear with a denim jacket and scarf and flat boots for a Jessica Alba-inspired fall look.
Denim shorts
Summer's favorite item can be extended into fall by adding tights and boots. For a bohemian feel, top with a slouchy, open knit sweater and add low boots. For a structured look, add a fitted blazer and heeled ankle "statement" boots to the tights and shorts.
Tell us
How do you transition your look between seasons? Tweet us at @LovingYouOnline and give us some of your favorite tips!
More style transition
Back to school: Stretch their wardrobe from summer to fall
5 Summer trends we'll take into fall
Transitioning your wardrobe from summer to fall
<|endofexample|>
LOWELL -- The city's Retirement Board voted 4-1 Monday afternoon to strip former License Commission Chairman Walter Bayliss Jr. of his $876.96 annual pension, which, if it withstands an appeal, means the 68-year-old Bayliss will also lose his health insurance through the city.
The board's attorney cast the decision as one in which the board acted to rectify Bayliss being improperly admitted to the city's Retirement System in 2006.
But Bayliss called the decision retaliation for his legal challenge to City Manager Bernie Lynch's removal of him from the License Commission last year and said he will appeal the board's vote.
The board first discussed issues surrounding Bayliss' retirement soon after Bayliss settled his
"It is payback," Bayliss said. "Bernie delights in it."
In an effort to back up his claim, Bayliss noted that Lynch's appointee to the board, Chief Financial Officer Tom Moses, helped lead the charge to strip him of his pension, as did Auditor Sheryl Wright, another city employee. Wright brought the issue to the board's attention.
"I would not have been as upset if they walked out of the room," Bayliss said. "There was definitely the appearance of a conflict of interest."
Lynch denied he had anything to do with the board's investigation or decision on Bayliss' pension.
"Nothing could be further from the truth," Lynch said, adding
Wright made the motion to strip Bayliss of his pension and it was seconded by Moses.
Wright, Moses, Chairman Joseph Mahoney and Michael Brennan voted in favor of the motion to rescind Bayliss' retirement. Mahoney is a former city firefighter and Brennan is the sessions clerk in Lowell Superior Court's civil session.
Bill Desrosiers, a former city fire chief who participated in the meeting by
The vote was a change from a similar vote two months ago. During the board's December meeting, Wright and Moses voted to strip Bayliss of his pension, while the other three members voted in opposition.
The primary reason given for the board's decision Monday was that Bayliss was granted his retirement in 2006 despite never having resigned from his position as a license commissioner.
Retirement law requires that an employee officially resign from his or her current position before retirement is granted. While receiving a pension, Bayliss continued serving on the license board and receiving compensation for it until he was removed by Lynch last year.
"There has to be a break
Prior to the vote, Moses and Wright highlighted how evidence obtained by the board, including from Lynch and Bayliss, indicated Bayliss never resigned from the License Commission.
Wright said Bayliss never asked for a reappointment until his term expired, which was in 2008.
Brennan and Mahoney declined to comment after the meeting.
In a recent letter to the board, Bayliss said on the day he handed in his retirement papers in 2006, he was told by the Retirement Office he could stay on as a license commissioner because it was no longer a full-time job.
"It is their mistake and I have to pay for it," said Bayliss, a Vietnam veteran.
Bayliss, who has suffered two heart attacks, said he retired because he could not afford to lose his health insurance and would be able to maintain it as a retiree.
Sacco did not dispute what Bayliss had been told, but said the board could not overlook the fact Bayliss did not resign from the License Commission when he retired even if it was a result of "a misunderstanding or misinformation."
Desrosiers said he thought the board's review of Bayliss' pension was "off-base" and was only brought about because of Bayliss' legal challenge of his License Commission removal.
"If he had succumbed to the demands from the city manager and resigned from his position, this never would have come before us," said Desrosiers. "A good city employee who donated many years of service to the city is going to get the raw end of the deal. It is just tragic."
Sacco, who emphasized Bayliss is suspected of no wrongdoing, said the board has to act on information brought before it to correct any errors.
"The board does not take these decisions lightly," said Sacco.
Bayliss, who was not present at Monday's meeting, would have to appeal the board's decision to the state's Contributory Retirement Appeal Board within 15 days of receiving the board's decision.
"(Lynch) might think he is hurting me, but that does not mean he can go silently into the night," Bayliss said in promising his appeal.
Gerry Dunn, a 78-year-old city retiree, attended Monday's meeting and expressed his disappointment with the board after the vote.
"He went out of his way to help veterans," Dunn, a Korean War veteran said of Bayliss. "This is a shame."
"What does that have to do with this?" responded Mahoney.
Asked why he thought the board voted the way it did, Dunn told The Sun he thinks it was personal, pointing to the fact Moses and Wright work for the city.
City Councilor Rita Mercier said she was sad to hear that Bayliss would lose his pension and health insurance, especially because she thought he was guaranteed to keep his health insurance as part of his lawsuit settlement with the city.
"After all the things he has done for the city and veterans, this is the thanks he gets," Mercier said.
City Councilor Joseph Mendonca said he did not believe the settlement protected Bayliss' health insurance.
Follow Moran on Twitter @lylemoran.
<|endofexample|>
LOWELL -- One of five men arrested in a melee outside the SAC club Sunday, who was later found to have a loaded 9 mm semi-automatic handgun in his coat pocket while.
The discovery of a firearm in Kang's pocket while he was at the booking window inside the police station has triggered an internal investigation into whether any police policies and procedures were violated because Kang wasn't searched at the scene, said Lowell police spokesman Capt. Kelly Richardson.
In court, Kang's co-defendant, Tien To, 34, of 418 Westford St., first floor, Lowell, who has a lengthy criminal record of 21 cases dating to 2000, was ordered held on $500 cash bail after pleading not guilty to assault and battery on a police officer, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct..
Sambo Sok, 29, of 16 Sidney St.,
There is a warrant for his arrest.
According to court documents, the following occurred:
Lowell police responded to the SAC Club (Sportsmen's Athletic Club) at the corner of Market and Hanover streets at 1:26 a.m. on Sunday. police backup arrived, Czarnionka grabbed Kang. Other men who had been standing by began to approach the officer in an aggressive manner, claiming nothing was going on and that Kang should be released.
Ly and Sok allegedly approached the officer in an aggressive way, telling him to release Kang, Czarnionka (sic) volatile," Czarnionka wrote.
When the police transport wagon arrived and Czarnionka was walking Kang to the wagon to be searched by another officer, allegedlyblock, Czarnionka wrote that he was informed that when Kang was searched at the booking window, he was found to be carrying a 9 mm semi-automatic handgun with seven rounds in the magazine in his jacket pocket.
"I had not been able to frisk Kang after handcuffing him (at the scene) due to the continuous and intentional interference by Sok, Ly and others toward me ...," Czarnionka wrote.
All four defendants who have been arraigned are due back in court March 8 for pretrial conferences.
Follow Lisa Redmond at.
<|endofexample|>
DOVER, N.H. -- Donald Andolina remembers a well-known Dover businessman complaining about how slowly money grows in bank accounts these days during their casual meeting 18 months ago.
There is a better way to invest, Nickolas Skaltsis told Andolina. For years, Skaltsis said, he had turned around distressed real-estate properties for healthy profit -- a high-yielding investment method that his existing investors swore by when contacted by Andolina.
Andolina was in.
The former Westford resident, who served as a New Hampshire state representative for Dover at the time, wrote Skaltsis a $20,000 check.
The problem was, according to the N.H. Attorney General's Office and the N.H. Bureau of Securities Regulation, Skaltsis wasn't using the money to flip properties at all. Instead, Skaltsis, a former Dover School Board chairman, allegedly swindled 13 investors, including Andolina and Tewksbury School District Superintendent John O'Connor, out of hundreds of thousands of dollars in a Ponzi scheme to spend it on his debt payments and shopping.
"I made a mistake," O'Connor said in a phone interview Tuesday about his decision to invest with Skaltsis.
"People fell prey to him because everybody knows him," Andolina said of Skaltsis. "(Swindlers) try to get friendly with you. They make you feel like you are a friend and can trust them."
The N.H. Attorney General's Office arrested Skaltsis on Thursday and charged him with 19 felony counts of theft
The investors identified in the 19 charges lost a total of $287,000. the Attorney General's Office said in its press release.
In the meantime, the N.H. Bureau of Security Regulations, which also investigated the case, alleged that Skaltsis has issued at least 21 unsecured promissory notes to raise $327,500 from the 13 investors since February 2011, of which $304,000 remains owed in addition to the promised interest.
Skaltsis is also accused of raising an additional $32,500 from investors during 2010. Skaltsis falsely promised the investors that he would use these funds to buy, rehabilitate and sell distressed properties in Strafford County in New Hampshire while, in reality, he used the money to pay old debts, mixing the funds with a private account and cashing them for personal purposes -- wrongdoing that fits the definition of a so-called Ponzi scheme -- according to the Bureau of Securities Regulation.
Andolina, who worked as an IT operations manager at Raytheon Missile Systems between 1988 and 1998, said the investors only realized something had gone wrong when Skaltsis failed to pay back their money. Left high and dry, they would repeatedly urge Skaltsis to pay up to no avail.
"John O'Connor used to drive to Erik Drive (where Skaltsis lived) in his truck with a cardboard sign that said, 'Nick Skaltsis owes me $15,000,'" Andolina said. "But, it really didn't matter because only Nick saw it."
O'Connor, who served as Dover School District's superintendent between 2004 and 2010 before taking his current position in Tewksbury, lives in Dover. O'Connor said he met Skaltsis in 1998 when Skaltsis began serving on the School Board. O'Connor said Tuesday that he made a bad investment choice but declined to further comment, saying it's something he did in his private life and had nothing to do with his District job.
Skaltsis, who last served on the School Board in 2004, once owned many buildings in downtown Dover and was involved in various community affairs.
"This guy was born and raised in Dover and was one of the pillars of the community," Andolina said.
After two weeks of trying to get his money back from Skaltsis last August, Andolina reported the problem to the Dover Police Department, prompting investigations by police, the AG's office and the Bureau of Securities Regulation. Andolina, who was the first victim to alert police, said about 10 investors showed up for the first meeting with other alleged victims that he set up at the local library.
"They were afraid, perhaps embarrassed" to seek charges against Skaltsis, Andolina said. Andolina then sent out a public alert to the City Council and the Dover Chamber of Commerce, warning the residents that a Ponzi scheme may be in operation in the Dover area and that some local investors had recently lost money.
That "set a fire under Nick," Andolina said.
All the assets that belong to Skaltsis and the businesses associated with him, Liberty Realty Trust and Phoenix Asset Group, are now frozen per order that the Bureau of Securities Regulation obtained from Strafford County Superior Court Justice Brian Tucker. The Bureau is seeking restitution to investors from Skaltsis and the aforementioned businesses.
Skaltsis was arraigned in the Rochester Circuit Court in Rochester, N.H., on Thursday. The court allowed him to remain at New Hampshire State Hospital, a state-run mental-health facility in Concord, on personal recognizance bail that will be immediately converted to $300,000 cash bail upon his discharge from the hospital. Skaltsis has been hospitalized there since an October suicide attempt, according to Foster's Daily Democrat.
<|endofexample|>
Power Macintosh
Power Macintosh 9500
a.k.a. Power Mac 9515
- Got a PCI Power Mac? Join our PCI PowerMacs Group.
- Got a multiprocessor pre-G3 Mac or clone? Join our Old Mac MP Group.
- Our Mac OS 9 Group is for anyoneusing Mac OS 9, either natively or in Classic Mode.
Usingthe same case as the 9150, the 9500 was thefirst Power Mac tower with a replaceable CPU daughter cards. Unlikethe first generations Power Macs, the 9500 had PCI slots and usedthe PowerPC 604 processor, a significantly improved,second-generation PPC design.
BYTE magazine (October 1995, p. 123) noted that the 132 MHzPowerPC 604 in the 9500 was 87% faster than a 133 MHz Pentium forinteger operations, 72 percent faster for floating point. Not quitethe "twice as fast" we'd see with the G3, but very respectableperformance.
Details
- 9500/120 introduced 1995.05.01 at $5,000; discontinued1996would bring total RAM to 1.5 GB.
- Video: requires third-party video card, typically shipped withixMicro Twin Turbo
- L2 cache: 512 KB, fixed
- SCSI bus: internal fast SCSI (to 10 MBps), external SCSI(to 5 MBps)
- CD-ROM: 4x (8x on 180, 200 MHz models)
- PCI slots: 6
- microphone: standard 3.5mm minijack, compatible with line-levelinputcard
- power: 225W
- height: 16.9 in
- width: 7.7 in
- depth: 15.75 in
- weight: 28.0 lb
- PRAM battery: 3.6V half-AA
- Gestalt ID: 67
Accelerators & Upgrades
- New Type of G3 DaughterCard, Mac Daniel, 1999.05.20
- CPU daughtercards. See our Guide to G3Daughter Cards and Guide to G4 DaughterCards
Online Resources
- Low End Mac's bestclassic Mac OS deals. Best online prices for System 6, 7.1, 7.5.x,Mac OS 7.6, 8.0, 8.1, 8.5, 9.0, 9.2.2, and other versions.
-.
- Environmentallyresponsible retirement for old Macs, Rick Lawson, Pioneers in MacDevelopment, 2008.06.13. After you've scavenged what useful parts youcan from your old Mac, what's the most environmentally friendly way todispose of the rest?
- Know your Mac'supgrade options, Phil Herlihy, The Usefulness Equation, 2008.08.26.Any Mac can be upgraded, but it's a question of what can be upgraded -RAM, hard drive, video, CPU - and how far it can be upgraded.
- Leopardon Pre-AGP, MacTech, 2008.09.03. How to get OS X 10.5 running on aYikes! Power Mac G4, G4-upgraded Blue & White or Beige Power MacG3, or PCI Power Mac (or clone) with a G4 daughter card.
-."
- Purposefulreincarnation for old Macs, Phil Herlihy, The Usefulness Equation,2008.08.26. The key is to avoid spending more on upgrades than thefinal use of the machine can justify.
- CreatingClassic Mac boot floppies in OS X, Paul Brierley, The 'Book Beat,2008.08.07. Yes, it is possible to create a boot floppy for the ClassicMac OS using an OS X Mac that doesn't have Classic. Here's how.
- Non-Intel Mac rumors, G5 iMacpower supply failure, Leopard on a 700 MHz eMac, and more, DanKnight, Low End Mac Mailbag, 2008.07.31. Also no 8 GB partition problemfor clamshell iBooks, presentations in ClarisWorks, and watching DVDson an upgraded Power Mac 7600.
- The compressed airkeyboard repair, Charles Moore, Miscellaneous Ramblings,2008.07.24. If your keyboard isn't working as well as it once did,blasting under the keys with compressed air may be the cure.
- MacBook Air and the future ofFireWire, crippled by iTunes 7.6, Panther on an 8600, and more, DanKnight, Low End Mac Mailbag, 2008.01.28. Also problems with GainSaver,who's on first?, inflated Power Mac benchmarks, and Leopard on an 800MHz iBook G4.
- Vintage Macvideo and monitor mania, Adam Rosen, Adam's Apple, 2007.12.17.Vintage Macs and monitors didn't use VGA connectors. Tips on makingmodern monitors work with old Macs.
- Getting insidevintage Macs and swapping out bad parts, Adam Rosen, Adam's Apple,2007.12.14. When an old Mac dies, the best source of parts is usuallyanother dead Mac with different failed parts.
- Better and safer surfing withInternet Explorer and the Classic Mac OS, Max Wallgren, Mac Daniel,2007.11.06. Tips on which browsers work best with different Mac OSversions plus extra software to clean cookies and caches, detectviruses, handle downloads, etc.
- PCI Power Macs greatfor Mac OS X 10.2 and 10.3, Jonathan Haack, My Turn, 2007.10.30.Thanks to XPostFacto, you don't need a modern Mac to run OS X, just aPower Mac with a G3 daughter card.
- Hacking Mac OS 7.6.1 so many MacOS 8 apps will run, Max Wallgren, Mac Daniel, 2007.10.30. With alittle ResEdit work and a second copy of your System Folder, you canrun a lot of OS 8 apps with Mac OS 7.6.1.
- Interchangeabilty andcompatibility of Apple 1.4 MB SuperDrive floppy drives, SonicPurity, Mac Daniel, 2007.09.26. Apple used two kinds of high-densityfloppy drives on Macs, auto-inject and manual inject. Can they beswapped?
- Mac System 7.5.5 can do anythingMac OS 7.6.1 can, Tyler Sable, Classic Restorations,2007.06.04. Yes, it is possible to run Internet Explorer 5.1.7 andSoundJam with System 7.5.5. You just need to have all the updates -and make one modification for SoundJam.
- Appearance Manager allowsInternet Explorer 5.1.7 to work with Mac OS 7.6.1, MaxWallgren, Mac Daniel, 2007.05.23. Want a fairly modern browser withan old, fast operating system? Mac OS 7.6.1 plus the AppearanceManager and Internet Explorer may be just what you want.
- Format any drive for older Macswith patched Apple tools, Tyler Sable, Classic Restorations,2007.04.25. Apple HD SC Setup and Drive Setup only work with Applebranded hard drives - until you apply the patches linked to thisarticle.
- SATA and PCI Power Macs: No OSX joy, but you can boot OS 9, Nathan Thompson, EmbracingObsolescence, 2006.11.17. Weeks of experimention find that whileyou can't seem to boot a pre-G3 Power Mac into OS X from a SATAhard drive, you can at least boot OS 9 from it.
- Musings on low-end SATA cardsin PCI Power Macs, Nathan Thompson, Embracing Obsolescence,2006.11.06. Thoughts on why the inexpensive SATA card might almostwork in a pre-G3 PCI Power Mac.
- Old Power Macs and SATA not amarriage made in heaven, Nathan Thompson, EmbracingObsolescence, 2006.11.03. The PCI SATA card said blue & whiteG3 or newer and Mac OS 8.6 or later, but maybe it would work in anolder pre-G3 Power Mac....
- System 7 Today, advocates ofApple's 'orphan' Mac OS 7.6.1, Tommy Thomas, Welcome toMacintosh, 2006.10.26. Why Mac OS 7.6.1 is far better for 68040 andPowerPC Macs than System 7.5.x.
- Mac OS 8 and 8.1: Maximum size,maximum convenience, Tyler Sable, Classic Restorations,2006.09.11. Mac OS 8 and 8.1 add some useful new features andtools, and it can even be practical on 68030-based Macs.
- Installing Linux on a PCI PowerMac, Part 1, Larry Stotler, Linux on the Low End, 2006.09.05.Preparing your PCI Power Mac (or clone) for Linux and gettingopenSUSE Linux installed.
- Preparing your Mac's hard drivefor Linux, Larry Stotler, Linux on the Low End, 2006.08.09.Before you install Linux, you have to partition your hard drive. Alook at three different hard drive strategies for Mac Linux.
- Customizing Mac OS 9,Nathan Thompson, Embracing Obsolescence, 2006.08.01. Fiddling withthemes, picking a browser, and making the Classic Mac OS work justthe way you want it to.
- The ins and outs of bootingLinux on the Mac, Larry Stotler, Linux on the Low End,2006.07.31. "Old World" Macs can't boot directly into Linux. Theyneed to boot the Classic Mac OS first, then pass control over toLinux.
- Preparing your PCI Power Macfor Linux, Larry Stotler, Linux on the Low End, 2006.07.26. Howpowerful a CPU do you need? How much memory? Do you need a fasterdrive controller? Are some video cards better than others?
- Floppy drive observations: Acompleat guide to Mac floppy drives and disk formats, ScottBaret, Online Tech Journal, 2006.06.29. A history of the Mac floppyfrom the 400K drive in the Mac 128K through the manual-inject 1.4MSuperDrives used in the late 1990s.
- ATI Radeon7000 Driver for Mac OS 7.6.1, System 7 Today, 2006.05.29. ATI'sinstallers don't support System 7.6.1, but System 7 Today's does,making this the fastest video card to work with Mac OS 7.6.1
- Getting the Mac digitaljukebox up and running, Nathan Thompson, EmbracingObsolescence, 2006.05.08. Connecting your PowerPC Mac to yourrstereo and remote control options for running a headless digitalaudio jukebox.
- System 7.6.1 is perfect formany older Macs, John Martorana, That Old Mac Magic,2006.03.24. Want the best speed from your old Mac? System 7.6.1 cangive you that with a fairly small memory footprint - also helpfulon older Macs.
- System 7.5 and Mac OS 7.6: Thebeginning and end of an era, Tyler Sable, Classic Restorations,2006.02.15. System 7.5 and Mac OS 7.6 introduced many new featuresand greater modernity while staying within reach of most earlyMacintosh models.
- modern and remains under development, and WaMCom bringsMozilla to older Macs.
- Why you should use Mac OS 7.6 toget the most out of vintage Macs, Thomas Ahart, The ProductiveMac, 2005.12.12. Although you may be able to run OS 8 or 9 on yourold Mac, you'll generally find better performance using Mac OS7.6.
- Sonata SD,Sonnet Tech, 2004.06.01. First new PCI video card for the Mac inages sells for just US$99, supports OS 7.5.3 and later plus OS X10.1.5 and later, works with VGA or old Mac monitors, 16 MBVRAM.
- Upgradingthe Power Mac 7500, Chris Lawson, 2000.07.18
- Review: Sonnet Tempo Ultra ATA66Macintosh PCI Host Adapter, Dan Knight, 2000.07.28. The mosteconomical way to put IDE support in a PCI Power Mac.
- Miscellaneous Ramblings:Frankenstein Power Mac 9500 Letters, Charles Moore, 2000.05.12.A mailbag column with lots of reader feedback on the dead9500.
- Mac Daniel: Upgrading a Power Mac7200 and 7500
- Guide to G3 Daughter Cards
- Apple Specs for Power Mac 9500/120, 9500/132, 9500/150, 9500/180MP, 9500/200, 9515/132 (Japanese)
Cautions
- Apple discontinued support and parts orders for this model on2001.10.15 (2001.10.22 in Canada), except in California. You may beable to find dealers with parts inventory either locally or on ourparts and service list.
- G3upgrade cards unstable?, MacWeek
<|endofexample|>
This past Cinco de Mayo weekend Albuquerque, New Mexico AKA Duke City played host to O.D.B. and Lowrider Magazine's event at the state fairgrounds, some five miles east of the downtown skyline. It's third stop of its 2010 tour, O.D.B. chose Duke city, which is home to some of the richest culture in the southwestern United States. From the tasty green or red chile available at the dining tables at home or local eateries to the amazing climate and it's warm, friendly people. And so, what better way to experience some of New Mexico's best lowriders than to have it at one place big enough to showcase such a variety of traditionals, low bikes and bombs. The region hasn't had Lowrider Magazine show such love for quite a while as they did during the show and afterwards as they stayed in town to do a few photo sessions. There were plenty of great rides to experience first hand as the people of "ABQ" roamed the grounds. With more than 400 entries, the indoor/outdoor venue reached full capacity with some of the area's custom lows, dubs and imports. Showcased on the main floor were clubs like the Imperials, Dukes, and Rollerz Only car clubs. Some top quality bikes were also on hand kicking off the entertainment were musical artists and rappers like Mike Jones, Baby Bash, Gorilla Zoe and Jimmy Roses. For the horn dogs there was the booty-shaking bikini contest where 10 girlies vied for the $250 First Place prize that ended up going to the lovely Tanya Love who was out from San Diego, California. Keep an eye out for Tanya, she's been modeling her way throughout the show circuit and is bound to get a few magazine layouts in the near future. Since the weather was quite iffy, the hop was held under a big tent-like structure, where it sheltered most of the crowd and hop contestants from the occasional deluge. There was a delay before the hop, seems that someone misplaced the bolts that held the top portion of the measuring stick so the hop crew had to improvise by using screw drivers and shipping tape. Hey, it could've been chewing gum and rubber bands, as long as it held for the duration of the hop, right? The pit didn't have too many entrants but where they lacked in number they made up for in enthusiasm. The guys at Hi Low Hydraulics had the crowd going with their super clean black '63 Chevy Impala that had plenty of go it to go along with the show. The car was show worthy but demonstrated that it could hop with the best of them. Not to be out done, the guys from Epstein's had their blue '64 Impala do it's thing and made their appearance a memorable one. So whether the weather was sunny or soggy, it's hard to keep the lowriders of New Mexico down. They showed us what they've got and shared the pride in their rides be it, three or four wheeled creations. We look forward to seeing more beautiful rides from the Land of Enchantment. Later. "Sweet Dreams Car Club" Imperials "Bomb" By Marco Patiño Enjoyed this Post? Subscribe to our RSS Feed, or use your favorite social media to recommend us to friends and colleagues!
<|endofexample|>
Rolex Rankings No. 2
Rolex Rankings No. 19
Can Stacy Lewis defend her title?
This is the first year for the event.
This week is all about...Lexi Thompson
Haley Millsap answers 18 fun questions
Watch the highlights for the record-breaking Playoff between Jiyai Shin and Paula Creamer at the Kingsmill Championship.
<|endofexample|>
Disaster Resources & CU Status
Bank Transfer Day
Audio Podcasts
Press Room
Cooperative Image Campaign
- Cooperative Image Campaign Task Force
- Cooperative Image Campaign Resources
- 2011 Campaign Resources Archive
Video
Publications
LSCU COOP / Communication & Press Room / News Feed / Top Stories / NCUA to launch ad campaign with Suze Orman
NCUA to launch ad campaign with Suze Orman
The NCUA is using personal finance expert Suze Orman in a new set of TV messages explaining the similarities between the NCUA and FDIC protection for members. There are two ads, a 60-second and a 30-second ad, that explain that the $250,000 insurance for credit union members is permanent. The TV ad also direct members and consumers to the
NCUA website to take advantage of an e-Calculator to ensure their money is covered.
Ms. Orman says in the commercial, "They're virtually identical. NCUA protects the money you have in a credit union account up to $250,000, same as FDIC protects money in a bank account."
Orman also points out that both are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, so no matter what happens, your money is safe, provided you stay within the coverage limits. And a new law makes this $250,000 coverage limit permanent.
The "Keep your money NCUA-safe" campaign includes TV public service announcements (PSAs) and mallscapes (information billboards in malls) featuring Orman, as well as radio PSAs and the online e-calculator that consumers can check to make certain their funds are fully insured.
Click below to see the 60 second TV ad.
<|endofexample|>
Jack Abramoff’s Guide To Buying Congressmen
Disgraced Washington, DC superlobbyist Jack Abramoff, released from jail in June, has a few suggestions for lobbying reform. He should know. Most of this stuff is primarily applicable to the US, but in the Netherlands too, the donation system is vague and the revolving door (the practice of former public officials getting high-paid jobs at companies they used to regulate) is unfortunately a very prominent aspect of political life. As witnessed by certain ministers of Transportation becoming directors of major airline companies.
From an interview with Abramoff:
Disgraced ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff is out of jail. He was released in June. He now works as an accountant at a kosher pizza parlor. And he needs a literary agent. “I was actually thinking of writing a book,” he told “60 Minutes.” “The Idiot’s Guide to Buying a Congressman.”
In the interview, Abramoff gives away some of the tricks of his former trade. The big one? Dangle a job, he told Lesley Stahl. .”
Abramoff.”
Once the key staffers or legislators were bought, the trick was getting clients what they wanted without attracting attention. “So what we did was we crafted language that was so obscure, so confusing, so uninformative, but so precise.” The following line of text, for instance, quietly won Abramoff’s Native American clients a casino license: “Public law 100-89 is amended by striking section 207 (101 stat. 668, 672).”
From his book on tips for lobbying reform:.
(…)
No gifts. “Not only should lobbyists be banned from contributing to officials’ organizations and campaign funds, they should be banned from gift-giving as well.
(…)?”
<|endofexample|>
How do I post a link to an article available in a Loyola subscription database on my course page?
Many of the databases to which the Loyola Libraries subscribe require that you prove you are a member of the Loyola community in order to use them. If you are accessing these from on-campus, it is assumed that you are logged into a University network. In order to use these resources off campus, however, you have to log into a system (or proxy server) that allows your browser to act as if it is on campus.
Thus, in order to create a direct link from your course page to an article in a Loyola subscription database, you will need to create a "modified" link. The modified link is where you must change the link so that students can access proprietary databases and materials from any access point. To create a modified link, you can simply copy and paste the URL (link) for the article you want to use in your course page, and then add the following prefix:
Depending on the database, the link should lead directly to the article itself, or to a "flagship" screen where students will need to enter their University login and password.
Note that, no matter the kind of database you are using, you must use a "persistent link" to ensure that the link will work for the duration of the semester. A persistent link is a permanent link (one that doesn't change over time). Not all databases and electronic journals allow persistent links to be made. This is because database providers (e.g., EBSCO), which provide access to periodicals of many publishers, sometimes remove full-text access from their databases due to contractual and other changes.
Specific instructions for linking to articles from Blackboard are provided below. Law faculty who have additional questions about creating links from their course pages should contact their individual Law Library liaison.
Specific Instructions for Linking from Blackboard:
- Login to Blackboard and select the class to which you wish to add the link.
- Open the Control Panel.
- Select the "Content Area" where you would like to put the link.
- Select "External Link" and you will be asked to supply the information about the link. The URL and Name are required, and the description is strongly encouraged. This may be a direct link, or a modified link.
- Click the "Submit" button.
Prepared by Nanette Norton and Julienne Grant.
<|endofexample|>
Thread
:
Purge!
03-05-2012, 02:47 PM
#
131
MsFicwriter
Junior Member
Join Date
: Aug 2011
Location
: USA
: 333
Current Game
: Arcanum
The victim of Vakarr's verbal onslaught listened to his words with a mixture of shame and rage. Everything he said was absolutely true: she hadn't protected Oleg, had the foresight to watch her own feet carefully enough to avoid a trap, or possessed the strength to rescue the unconscious Meara. However, she'd never asked to be a leader--only someone who stayed in front of the Purge! "I'm no telepath," she hissed through clenched teeth, "and cannot divine the future. All I have is my...connection," Per'dra said, pausing because she didn't want to reveal the name of the Great Wyrm while the archers above were listening. "All I want is to stay alive and ahead of the Purge!"
"SILENCE!"
shouted a voice from above, and an arrow flew at Per'dra.
However, against the Dark Elf's wildest calculations, the Bard
caught it.
Instead of tossing the arrow back into the treetops toward the archer who had fired it, however, she balanced it carefully in her fingertips, intending to jab it into the slit in Vakarr's helmet that revealed his eyes. If necessary, she'd gouge at least one of them out! An infernal fury coursed through her veins--the same fury that she'd felt when she'd been continually insulted and underestimated by her "betters" in the slums of Paryer. Was Vakarr the same as they were? He was certainly cold, disdainful, and calculating. However, did he possess the same cruelty? She suddenly remembered the noble who'd attempted to--
No. Not now. We're under a stalled attack, fool!
The arrow Per'dra clenched in her fist was a mere flick away from Vakarr's right eye. Surprisingly, he wasn't springing to attack her in return. Instead, his stance remained planted, as if to ward off a shield bash. Not even a gale could knock him over, the Bard suspected, if it suddenly happened along! Making a split-second decision, she snapped the arrow clean in half instead of using it to make her opponent lose half of his sight. Disgusted with herself, she flung the halves away:
"You say I'm weak and pathetic, Vakarr. Fine. At least I'm sensible enough not to wound someone who is
supposed
to be my ally, no matter how much I wanted to right now. What do you suggest I do?"
Pause.
"I'm asking honestly, since the Dark Elves didn't want to let me into their city either." She was shocked at how much she sincerely meant this; she'd intended to be as haughty as her friend-turned-foe. Still, her berserker's rage was not abating easily. Sweat beaded on her forehead.
"Milady?" That was Meara. "I could whip this arse-hole's hind end if you won't."
Per'dra's head swiveled nearly all the way around. "Sorry-no. Stand down."
you may:
quote & reply
,
MsFicwriter
<|endofexample|>
Great article about 2 great men. One of my fantasies was to be able to spend a few days in the company of WFB. I miss him almost as much as my father and in many ways I considered Mr. Buckley a father figure and mentor. Oh, to live such a full and consequential life!
<|endofexample|>
Last Friday night we hopped in the car and headed down Hwy 54 to Harry’s Market in Whitecross. I’ve always meant to stop and check out this cute store but I always seem to be pressed for time. If I’m on 54 it usually means I’m headed into Chapel Hill for a dentist appointment or to have dinner with family of friends and if I stop, I’ll be late. So when we heard that our friend Lizzy was going to be playing at Harry’s on Friday, we made sure to put it on our calendar.
Harry’s is a hodgepodge of sorts. They have a meeting room you can rent out. A little section devoted to the local equestrian community. They have a corner of the store that houses “Great Earth Vitamin”. The actual Harry’s store carries an assortment of local produce and crafts. I was thrilled to spot Boylan Grape Soda in the cooler. Yum! Nate went for the Boylan Ginger Ale. Outside there was a portable pizza oven set up making delicious, made-to-order pizzas with super fresh toppings. I tried the veggie pizza with a sweet balsamic reduction sauce but chose the chicken artichoke pizza for myself.
Unfortunately, the band was under an awning and a tent so it was difficult to get photos of them without standing in front of everyone and being “that guy (or girl)” who disrupts everything. Next time maybe we’ll get there earlier so we have front row seats
<|endofexample|>
Quick Links:
Saturday, May 18, 2013
Last updated on May 18 at 12:33 am
Last updated on May 18 at 12:33 am
Ludington, Michigan
Login to NEW LDN eEdition.
Login to view "Today in history" archived articles
If you have aleady registered, enter your username and password below. If you have not registered yet, click here to register. This log in area is not related to the eEdition.
Advertisers
Premium Listing
Search Yellow Pages(use keywords like pizza or dentist)
Premium Listing
Get Listed
<|endofexample|>
Me, in my first LD
Language: GML (Game Maker Pro 8)
Graphics: Paint, Possibly Spriter, and GM’s built in editor
Computer: Intel i5 processor, 8GB RAM, Radeon HD 6450 Graphics card,– Custom-built by me
Sound: BFXR, Audacity(if necessary) and Musagi, if I can figure it out
This will be my first ever Ludum Dare, and I hope for it to be a good one. Unfortunately, my game won’t be in-browser, and I don’t think I can learn flash/Java in two weeks. I was actually inspired to try my hand at this by Minecraft’s creator, Notch, in fact.
But basically, I’m new to this and like making small games, so I’ll try my best, and vote for other’s I think are good, and we’ll see how we go.
I call my ‘business’ as such, QueegeyCorp Productions, or QCP, and this gets stamped on all my games, so my logo is likely to float about.
On another note, Hello all, I’m sure it will be great to meet people!
Hello, new guy
Welcome to LD, the oblivion of time management with some extra panic! Don’t let that discourage you, though. It’s really fun, otherwise I wouldn’t be doing my 6th LD by now. Hehe.
If you want to meet all the weird but fun people of LD be sure to hop onto IRC, it’s always great fun, and there’s all kinds of people. From Unity users over Game Maker guys to fanatic 24/7 IRC bot coders! I’m sure you’ll enjoy some great times there!
See ya,
Folis
<|endofexample|>
Electronic book pioneer and founder of Project Gutenberg, Michael Hart, passed away on Tuesday at his home in Urbana Ill. Long before eReaders became a prevalent part of our society, Hart, who is described as “an ardent technologist and futurist,” sought ways of making electronic versions of books available to the masses.
In an obituary posted on the Project Gutenberg website, Dr. Gregory B. Newby.
In 1998, Mark Frauenfelder wrote a profile of Hart for Wired in which Hart is quoted as saying, “there’s going to be some gizmo that kids carry around in their back pocket that has everything in it – including our books, if they want.” Early pioneers like Vannevar Bush envisioned electronic devices as far back as 1945 that would store massive volumes of books electronically. Hart, however, possessed that rare mix of both foresight and gumption to help make this vision a reality.
As expressed in his obituary, making literature “available to all people” was something Hart wished to help others strive towards. Perhaps the truest expression of Hart’s wish is a commitment to the distribution of ideas across countless platforms, i.e., eBooks, print, blogs, spoken word, etc. Personally, I feel that in order to make literature available to all people the distribution mechanisms should work in concert with one another and never be limited to one source. Learning, I believe, should remain impartial to any one file format or distribution mechanism – eBook or otherwise.
With that said, I think that as we enter a new age marked by the proliferation of electronic books and a growing host of eBook reading “gizmo[s],” let’s not forget to take a few moments to honor pioneers like Michael Hart who have remained steadfast in their commitment to the distribution of literature and ideas.
One Comment
It is only because of Michael Hart that I am here today. About six years ago I suddenly came to know about Gutenberg and Mr. Hart. Out of curiosity, I wrote a letter to him, and lo! his reply came. I was pleasantly surprised. He gave me tips about writing an ebook and how to make it available.
Today I have hundreds of books in many book stores all over the world.
I am highly indebted to Late Mr. Michael Hart.
Yes, he was a great man.
Raja Sharma
<|endofexample|>
Yesterday was Summer Registration Opening Day for the local park and recs dept. I wanted to get Derek in a gym type class that I have heard excellent reviews on, and a swimming class. The phone lines open at 8, and the web at 10. It felt like buying Def Leppard tickets in the 80′s, redial, redial, redial.
I ended up giving up around 8:30 and waiting till 10, hoping there would be some spots left. I managed to snag a spot in the really good class, there were only 4 left by the time they opened the web at 10. As soon as I got it in my cart, which reserves it, the website went pretty south as everyone clammored on to try to reserve things that way. I imagined all these moms of preschoolers cursing each other and trying to get spots, along with yoga practitioners, weight lifters, and crazy artists.
But, I got him his spot in the class I had hoped for, and then added a late-summer swimming class. The pools get very crowded in the summer, understandably, so it’s nice to have a month of knowing you will have good pool space at class, at the very least.
Last night DLJ started up the grill for the first time. He made wonderful burgers, mixing the meat with garlic and spices before making the patties. It was really tasty, with roasted potato salad and fruit.
Today is mostly a fun day. Popsicles, planting a few seeds, and DLJ just made homemade french toast, so it’s almost time to eat. I think we will take a bike ride today as well, and who knows what else!
My first boro is done and out of the kiln, I need to take some photos and now I am waiting impatiently for my bigger order to arrive. I just got a few small bits to test with, and I have over 2 pounds of the stuff I won over two years ago at Glass Stock. Speaking of, I got into it again this year, yay! 4 days of glass amazingness at the coast. I am so thrilled. It is a great event and you learn SO much. SO SO much. And have fun!
<|endofexample|>
Head over to vibe.com to read up on the UK's newest hit producer Al Shux. He is responsible for producing Jay-Z's first #1 single "Empire State Of Mind" ft. Alicia Keys. Lupe fans might remember his first production score with "Hi Definition" ft. Snoop Dogg & Pooh Bear off THE COOL album. Be on the lookout for more Al Shux production in your ears, early next year!
<|endofexample|>
Guest Lecture: JD Stier, "How Youth Affect Social Change"
JD Stier is an activist and former White House staffer originally from Madison, Wisconsin. He has an amazing story of his journey from prison to the White House, and currently works as the campaign manager for Raise Hope for Congo (
Sponsor: SAC Leadership, Political Science Department & Paigaam
Contact: peterss
<|endofexample|>
A £25,000 reward has been offered for the return of the Wenlok Jug - if it is in a 'reasonable' condition.
Zurich, the company that insures the Stockwood Discovery Centre from where the jug was stolen, announced on Friday that it will pay the money as long as the recipient had no involvement in the theft.
The historical artefact, which was bought for £750,000 in 2006, was stolen from the museum on May 12.
Paul Redington from Zurich's Major Loss team says: "Zurich fully realises the importance of the Wenlok Jug both to the museum and to the people of Luton. We are therefore offering £25,000 for the return of the jug in a reasonable condition.
"Stockwood Discovery Centre is a place where people can freely view and enjoy such objects. We are dealing with criminals who have deprived the public of that experience.
"These cases are not just about writing a cheque. Ultimately, Zurich wants to assist the museum's efforts to get this jug back where it belongs, and so that it can be enjoyed by future generations."
Karen Perkins, Director of Museums for Luton Culture says:"We hope that this offer from our insurance company will accelerate the return of the Wenlok jug. We know that people in Luton care about it as a part of Luton's heritage."
If you have any information that can help with the investigation, call Bedfordshire Police on 101.
-
<|endofexample|>
July 27, 2012
Eclipse Aerospace Unveils The Veterans Airlift Command’s “Hero’s Total Eclipse”,” said General Myers.
Eclipse Aerospace is extremely proud of its contribution to the Veterans Airlift Command.
,” continued Holland. “It is a privilege and honor to be to giving our troops and their families a lift.”
<|endofexample|>
FIND HOTELS DESTINATIONS
Select our list of top destination below.
Hotels Deals In GermanyWinterbach-Bw Dortmund Fulda Timmendorfer Strand Bielefeld Arnsberg Friedrichsdorf Krefeld Neu Isenburg Bad Toelz Peine Riedstadt Muelheim (Ruhr) Hattersheim Meerbusch Dresden Neubrandenburg Osnabrueck Eltville Bayreuth Langen-De Bad Sackingen Dormagen Dessau Pfronten Bad Bramstedt Monchengladbach Eschweiler Konigslutter Monschau Heilbad Heiligenstadt Darmstadt Gera Obertrubach Bad Aibling Villingen-SchwenningSThon Slottsparken [1 Reviews]
It is a nice hotel with a very good location - very close to the Royal Palace from where you can start your tours in Osl... moreFour Seasons Shanghai [3 Reviews]
Frankly speaking I was a little disappointed after spending 5hrs in Four Seasons Shanghai. I've my foot broken several d... moreGrand Lisboa Macau [1 Reviews]
This hotel has the luxury casino itself. Everything in this hotel was perfect, the superb decoration, top spec facilitie... moreNordic Sea [1 Reviews]
The location is great: near the train station (but quiet!) and very close to the city center. I booked a single room wit... more
Overath HotelsWorldwide Hotels Europe Hotels Germany Hotels Overath Hotels
EXCLUSIVE HOTELS CHOICES
OVERATH HOTELS LISTING
<|endofexample|>
your gift will IMPACT the lives of all Lycoming students and provide ESSENTIAL resources to:
Make a Gift
Track Our Progress
Scholarships
Academic Majors
Research & Internships 35 majors to embrace learning through both rigorous study and practical experiences.
Residential Facilities
Academic Facilities
Athletic Facilities.
Leadership Development
Tour Choir and Band
Warrior Club/Athletics.
700 College Place
Williamsport, PA 17701
(570) 321-4000
webmaster@lycoming.edu
<|endofexample|>
Jason Bentley takes his audience to Critical Mass Studios in Santa Monica for an inside look at the process of remixing a piece of music.
“Your presenters are superb. They work well with the camera, they are eloquent, speak well, and establish a collegial rapport with the learner.” —Brian C.
more from our members »
<|endofexample|>
Create highly realistic 3D architectural drawings (including interior/exterior elements) with the lights, materials, camera, and render options in Twilight.
“This $25 was the BEST I could have ever spent! I have spent hours relearning things I had forgotten and solidified my confidence in what I do know.” —Claudia W.
more from our members »
<|endofexample|>
FORT MINOR - START IT ALL UP LYRICS
Artist: Fort Minor Lyrics
Popularity: 19 users have visited this page this week.
Date: Added(Last modified) at 6:54 am October 07, 2012.
Yo
Give me a second, I'll write about my pain for pages
I got a head full of frustrated phrases
So just bear with me as i get this out
You know the type of person that i'm talking about
These people who want to act like they've got your back
They never had your back, they just stab you in it
I never pretended i had it all together inside,
I got insecurities and things I'm trying to hide,
and I could never seem to get anything right,
and I could never seem to stop busting my fight
and I could never seem to get it right with you,
and I could never redeem myself when i'm through,
but sometimes, you know what, I just don't care,
I'm gonna speak my mind and let everybody stare
This is the last time, I'm telling you real loud,
if you want to tell me I'm wrong, let's do it right now
[Chorus:]
Start it all up, I'm ready to go
All I need is a signal just to let me know
Come on, start it all up, 'cuz all I want,
is an excuse to let loose the tension I got
Start it all up, I'm ready to go
All I need is a signal just to let me know
Come on, start it all up, 'cuz all I want,
is an excuse to let loose the tension I got
Give me a minute, I'll fill a newspaper with collumns,
'cuz people saying that I got an additude problem,
that I'm negative when I rhyme, I complain,
pessimistic all the time, in these lines
All the same, I just talk like this on a record and let it out,
I just cock back and let it all come flooding out
I just say the things that I know I feel are real,
I peel back the kin 'till the nerves reveal
You want to come with me, come closer to the speaker
You want to run with me, you're gonna have to dig deeper
You want to let it all out, I'll show you how
You want to tell me I'm wrong, we can do it right now
[Chorus]
Mike Shinoda
The most ferocious
Mike Shinoda
With or without an accomplice [x2]
[Chorus]
If you believe the lyrics are not correct you can Submit Corrections to us
Rate the song now!!!
Add a comment and share what Fort Minor Start It All Up Lyrics means to you with your friends:
<|endofexample|>
LLOYD BANKS - TOP 5 LYRICS
Artist: Lloyd Banks Lyrics
Popularity: 72 users have visited this page this week.
Date: Added(Last modified) at 6:54 am October 07, 2012. its
T.O.S Boy!
Thanks to ypyp for these lyrics
If you believe the lyrics are not correct you can Submit Corrections to us
Rate the song now!!!
Add a comment and share what Lloyd Banks Top 5 Lyrics means to you with your friends:
<|endofexample|>
TANITA TIKARAM - I'M GOING HOME LYRICS
Writer(s):TIKARAM, TANITA
Artist: Tanita Tikaram Lyrics
Popularity: 6 users have visited this page this week.
Date: Added(Last modified) at 6:54 am October 07, 2012.
When
Lyrics © Warner/Chappell Music, Inc.
If you believe the lyrics are not correct you can Submit Corrections to us
Rate the song now!!!
Add a comment and share what Tanita Tikaram I'm Going Home Lyrics means to you with your friends:
<|endofexample|>
Album UnpredictableArtist Mystikal (5 albums, 1913 songs)
Released 11.11.1997
» More songs in this album...
Still Smokin' Lyric142 Views wanna s** here
Bitch What's Happenin!
But if you did then its good and it goin down
Get rid of them nickels and them dimes
Bitch we throwin pounds!
Tenth thru whats up
They're lookin to catch you f***in
<|endofexample|>
The lyrics you requested is not in our archive yet, you can send it to us using the following form:
[ These are Tocame Lyrics on ]
Last Added LyricsNuttin No Go So lyrics
Ay Que Bueno lyrics
Tú 'tá Loco lyrics
Hay Que Bueno (remix) lyrics
Burn Out Bro Mind lyrics
Bailar Reggae lyrics
Chévere (remix) lyrics
Verme (club Version) lyrics
Mano Y Mano lyrics
Jah Mexi Cali lyrics
No Problema lyrics
Castigo lyrics
Ella Se Fue lyrics
Más De Ti lyrics
Traemelo lyrics
<|endofexample|>
News in “Justice”
Page 1 of 20. Return to the Justice, Latin America, Media, Mexico, Migration/Immigration, Nigeria, Peace & Security, Policy, Population, Research, Russia, Science, Technology, United States, Youth 22, 2013 - In the Media
“Models for Change”
March 22, 2013 - In the Media
“Education Under Arrest – Restructuring Juvenile Justice”
March 10, 2013 - Publication
National Juvenile Defense Standards Published
The National Juvenile Defender Center has published the National Juvenile Defense Standards, which provide a comprehensive summary of the role and complex duties of the juvenile defender in the 21st century juvenile court system. 
March 3, 2013 - In the Media
"U.S. Detains Fewer Juveniles"
February 28, 2013 - From the field
ECOWAS Court Directs Nigerian Government to Punish Oil Corporations over Pollution
The judgment is based on a case filed by MacArthur grantee, the Socio Economic Rights and Accountability Project. _13<<
Campaign Video Highlights Impact of Courts’ Decisions in the Rights of Women Worldwide
Billions of women around the world are still fighting for equal rights, and what judges say have a tremendous influence on the challenges and opportunities women encounter. 
New Grantmaking to Focus on Freedom of Expression, Enhancing Criminal Justice
Building on its 30-year history in the field, MacArthur announced a new human rights and international justice grantmaking strategy that will focus on defending freedom of expression and enhancing criminal justice globally.
<|endofexample|>
Calex Electronics’ new PyroPen U is a pocket-sized infrared thermometer that conveniently clips into a pocket, just like a pen. It measures temperatures from -20 to +500degC with a resolution of 0.1deg and provides instantaneous, maximum, minimum and average readings in degC or degF. Adjustable emissivity allows the unit to measure different materials and a built-in laser makes sighting simple.
This new model has a built-in memory for storing up to 100 temperatures, which can be downloaded at a later date using the CalexSoft software and USB cable provided. It can also be left connected to a PC for continuous real-time data acquisition and graph plotting. The data is then available to export in a comma separated variable (CSV) format to other programs as required.
Each unit is supplied in a foam-padded hard case as standard, which helps protect it when not in use and provides a neat way to store the software and interface cable.
Calex’s PyroPen U is particularly useful for test, inspection and maintenance applications in industries such as food and beverage, automotive research and manufacture, paper and packaging, and HVAC. However, when hooked up to a PC the PyroPen U is also suitable for applications such as machine monitoring, laboratory work, electronics design and R&D.
The PyroPen U is RoHS-compliant and conforms to EN 61326-1:2006 for EMC. It is designed and built by Calex Electronics in the UK, a company with more than 30 years’ experience of non-contact infra-red temperature measurement.
<|endofexample|>
#: SPK12
Vanilla Cake: Sugar, Enriched Bleached Wheat Flour, Vegetable Oil Shortening, Wheat Starch, Baking Soda (sodium bicarbonate, sodium aluminum phosphate, mono calcium phosphate, di calcium phosphate), Modified Food Starch, Dextrose, Soy Protein Isolate, Whey Salt, Poly Glycerol Ester of Fatty Acids, Soy Lecithin, Maltodextrin, Guma Arabic, Xanthan Gum, Guar Gum, Pure Bourbon Vanilla Extract, Modified Corn Starch, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, BHA, Culture Cream, Skim Milk, Vitamin A Palmitate, Eggs, Water.
Chocolate Frosting: Sweet Cream Butter, Confectioner's Sugar, Pure Bourbon Vanilla Extract, Cocoa, Emulsifier, Vanillin.
Be the first to review this product
<|endofexample|>
March 15 marked the 10th anniversary of Proposal A, the constitutional amendment that was intended to narrow the spending gap between school districts, and dramatically reduce property tax rates. To mark the date Michigan State University held a conference in Lansing assessing the school finance initiative. The retrospective brought together a prominent group of scholars, and many of the key players in Michigan government over the last 10 years, including former Gov. John Engler, U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, former House Speaker Paul Hillegonds, former Senate Majority Leader Dick Posthumus, and current House Speaker Rick Johnson.
Mackinac Center legislative analyst Jack McHugh served on a panel at the event that responded to a study by MSU education policy analysts David Arsen and David N. Plank. The study recommended increasing the six-mill state school property tax to eight mills. Besides McHugh, five PhD’s, the preeminent expert on the state budget, and state Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Watkins gave presentations. No panelist besides McHugh expressed any misgivings in principle with the tax hike recommendation. Here is what McHugh said to the hundreds present, who represented Michigan’s educational and political establishments:
Thank you for the opportunity to be here today. I’m going to come at this from a different direction. While Professors Plank and Arsen’s study usefully points out some problems related to school districts with declining enrollments, and those with a high proportion of "high-cost" students, there is a huge gap between the data and the conclusion.
How can you say that a tax hike is needed when you have only looked at the revenue side, and not how the money is being spent? Here are five issues that were not addressed in the study:
1. The Expenditure Side
You can’t justify higher taxes unless current revenues are getting the maximum bang-for-the-buck. There is plenty of evidence that they are not, such as:
A former Michigan Education Special Services Association (MESSA) director has estimated that if schools provided health coverage common in the private sector instead of the current gold-plated plans, they could save $400 million a year.
Michigan’s "prevailing-wage" law prohibits awarding government construction contracts to the lowest-bidding contractor unless he also pays an artificially high wage based on union pay scales. Mackinac Center research suggests that this increases school construction costs by at least 10 percent. Without these inflated costs, schools could save $150 million a year.
The Mackinac Center has documented many cases in which privatizing school lunch, janitor, transportation and other support services has saved big money, but the MEA teachers’ union fights this at every turn.
Annual school administrative expenses increased 6 percent a year from 1998 to 2002. That’s double the inflation rate.
2. Capital Spending
Capital spending has skyrocketed and must be considered as part of the equation. School system capital revenues statewide increased from $458 million in 1994 to $1.1 billion in 2000. Local debt, building and site, and sinking fund taxes rose from 2.6 to 4.3 mills. Between 1999 and 2002, long-term school debt rose from $6,261 per student to $8,100.
Much of this is really operational spending, such as repairs and short-lived assets like computers. Only under Enron-style accounting is it not counted as operational. The study points out that capital spending is uneven across districts, but the bottom line is that, on average, statewide school millage rates have already risen at least 1.7 mills since 1994.
3. Declining Pupil Counts
Prof. Plank points out that school districts with declining enrollments need transitional help. But the issue is bigger than this. At least through 2012 there are projected to be fewer school-aged children in Michigan. Total enrollment will have dropped from 1,743,000 in 2000 to 1,616,000 in 2012. That is a decline of 127,000 students, or 7.3 percent.
This fact and the debt and capital spending numbers suggest two things:
Districts are building overly luxurious schools in order to compete with neighboring school districts under the cross-district schools-of-choice law.
Schools are not consolidating buildings and services, like a rational private sector business would, when faced with these demographics. The owner of three grocery stores in a town that just lost its major employer would consolidate, not expand and add luxury features.
4. Reorganizing and Modernizing for the 21st Century.
A former deputy state superintendent of schools recently commented in the Detroit News that Michigan’s school system needs fundamental change. He suggested:
Year round classes;
Administrators loyal to the community, not to their profession;
Reform of the "rule-encrusted, seat-time-based teacher preparation and credentialing system."
I would add that we should rationalize special-ed delivery. An effort to do so in 2001 was annihilated when the special-ed establishment mobilized parents of disabled children by telling them untrue scare stories. Parenthetically, they are using the same tactic now to gut ISD reform.
5. Getting the Incentives Right.
We will never achieve excellence without real competition between schools and school districts, and we’ll never achieve genuine competition without giving parents a choice when it comes to where they send their children to school. There is every reason to believe that competition would bring the same excellence and value to education that it does everywhere else. If everyone were required to shop in only one assigned grocery store, you would find mediocre products, and high prices. That describes public education today. Charters and inter-district schools-of-choice are just baby steps. The Mackinac Center believes a tuition tax credit system is the best way to bring both excellence and value to K-12 education.
This relates directly to another question that was raised today: "What is an adequate level of revenue to fund public schools?"
The answer is, no central planner can ever say how much would be adequate, because without a free market in education there is no way to perform the pricing function. Early in the 20th century economist Ludwig von Mises demonstrated how socialism could never work because of this.
With choice, however, all kinds of innovations and bright ideas will be tried, and some bad ones too. The market will quickly sort these out, sending more dollars to the former, and driving the latter out of business. Only this process can truly determine how much money is "adequate" to provide a good education.
Thank you again for the opportunity to present an alternative point of view here today.
#####
Jack McHugh is legislative analyst for the Mackinac Center for Public Policy, a research and educational institute headquartered in Midland, Mich.
<|endofexample|>
Our voluntary certification of ISO 14001 demonstrates a step towards our awareness to our environment. We believe that the environmental and quality control policies are the duty of companies in today's modern world. As a company in this high-tech industry, we have endeavored to implementing company-wide environmental policies.
Global social economic activities have brought about a wealthy "material" society. However, the respective activities have also played a significant part in global environmental destruction resulting in anxious times for all of us. Companies that are conscious of the need to prevent global environmental destruction must tackle the problem earnestly.
The Hygente Group employs an environmental policy, which actively strives for preservation of the global environment, conservation of resources and energy conservation and aims to achieve a balance between nature and society.
<|endofexample|>
Lesson plan 92: Switching to digital
Karen Alexander. 6 May 13
Infograph lesson 4: Iceland
Mark McKinnon. 15 Apr 13
Lesson plan 91: Chillis for better health
Karen Alexander. 25 Mar 13
Infograph lesson 3: World Water Day
Lindsay Clandfield. 11 Mar 13
Lesson plan 90: Where on earth are we?
Karen Alexander. 25 Feb 13
Lesson plan 88: The birth of photography
Clare Booth. 20 Feb 12
Lesson plan 87: Great walls
Clare Booth. 6 Feb 12
Lesson plan 86: Ice
Clare Booth. 24 Jan 12
Lesson plan 85: Bright ideas
Clare Booth. 9 Jan 12
Lesson plan 84: The gift of giving
Clare Booth. 5 Dec 11
<|endofexample|>
Taiwan-based research firm TrendForce believes that a completely redesigned iPad 5 will launch in the third quarter of 2013, reigniting consumer interest in Apple's 10in tablet.
With the launch of the iPad mini in November and a growing number of smaller tablets being unveiled by rival technology companies, industry watchers believed that compact tablets would become the dominant form factor in the market. However, TrendForce analyst Eric Chiou's findings suggest that Apple's overhaul of the full-size iPad could help consumer interest recover, reports B," said TrendForce in a report last week.
It's widely believed that Apple's fifth-generation iPad will take design inspiration from its smaller counterpart. SEE: iPad 5 release date, rumours and leaked images
"Secondly, it is to underline the product positioning, the long-beloved iPad 3 is expected to retire with honor with the reveal of new iPad," the report added.
TrendForce believed that the iPad mini will account for 65 per cent of Apple tablet shipments during the first half of the year, but that the new iPad's launch in quarter three could see a 50/50 divide between the two tablets.
TrendForce also expects that cost reductions for the iPad 5's display could lead to a smaller bill of materials, though it may not mean a price cut for the end user.
See also:
Ex Apple exec talks about iPad's business future
Retina iPad mini rumours: 'iPad mini 2 parts leaked'
iPad mini 2's Retina display could add 30% to component costs - report
128GB iPad now available from Apple's online store
Why the iPad still can't be a true Mac replacement
<|endofexample|>
Lexmark’s announcement earlier this week that it will stop making inkjet printers shocked me. I’ve been testing and reviewing printers for as long as Lexmark has been in the inkjet printer business—almost 20 years.
What does it mean for the inkjet market in general—and for your inkjet printer (if you own one)—that a sizable company like Lexmark is getting out of the business? Let’s examine this decision.
Why Lexmark matters
A lot of people may not care whether Lexmark inkjets live or die. After all,_0<<
To Lexmark’s credit, however, over the past several years, the company has made concerted efforts to improve its products. For instance, a line of small-office printers delivered good speed, solid features, and reliable print quality, along with cheaper inks and longer warranties than the competition did.
Just a few months ago, the company launched a corporate line of inkjets called OfficeEdge, and those; will businesses fill the void?
Lexmark’s decision to amputate an entire business unit suggests that its sales numbers were dramatically bad—bad enough to make a hard stop its only viable choice. After all, it costs money to design a printer, manufacture, and sell it.
The profit margins are in the ink, however, so my recent discovery that Lexmark had increased the prices of some of its inks by as much as 20 percent might have been a clue that the company wasn’t doing well.
The money in printer sales seems to be moving away from consumers and toward business users. In the past three years, Epson and Lexmark have been turning away from consumer inkjet sales to focus more on workforce inkjet printers.
HP CEO Meg Whitman
For instance, HP CEO Meg Whitman said on August 22—as part of the company’s recent and dismal earnings announcement—that a steep decline in HP printer sales was due in part to a company decision to de-emphasise products for its lower-end customers.
HP may see a better future in its longstanding Officejet line of business inkjet printers. Similarly, Epson has made a big investment in its WorkForce high-end inkjets. Until this week, another competitor in this area was Lexmark’s OfficeEdge line. Kodak, emerging out of Chapter 11 bankruptcy, is the outlier; and it’s hardly a bellwether, honour existing warranties and continue to sell supplies, but the duration of that commitment is by no means certain.
I can see Lexmark continuing to sell ink through the end of its longest inkjet warranties, which would be three years from this week. After that, we might well see a rapid phase-out.
Lexmark’s best inkjets right now are those aimed at small businesses, but few small businesses will want to stick with a product that could lose manufacturer support within a few years’ time.
The other open question is this: What will happen to Lexmark’s printer partnership with Dell?.
I wonder how much of this is pressure from (higher quality, lower unit print cost) laser printers. Business people I have spoken to expect laser quality for documents: the inkjet just doesn’t cut it. In addition, a small business can afford laser colour copiers printing double sided which list for less than $500.
I can’t believe with Lexmark’s decision.
Shocking information. Thanks for sharing.
How sad for those who like Lexmark.
Yes, Printers are important.
<|endofexample|>
Summary: iPad 2 to lead slew of Apple releases on March 11
Products mentioned in this article
(7 items)
Apple unveiled a new iPad on Wednesday—a model that’s thinner and lighter than its predecessor and features front- and rear-facing cameras. The iPad 2 announcement highlighted an Apple press event packed with product news, including an iOS preview and iPad versions of Apple’s iMovie and GarageBand applications.
But the iPad 2 was the star of the show. The new models, which arrive on March 11, come in the same capacities and have the same price tags as the original Wi-Fi and 3G-equipped tablets. But there are plenty of other differences, starting with the design. The iPad 2 is thinner and lighter than its predecessor, weighing 1.3 pounds and measuring 0.35 inches thick. There’s also a white iPad, a development sure to please anyone longing for Apple’s still missing-in-action white iPhone 4 model.
The updated iPad also runs on a new processor—a 1GHz dual-core Apple A5 chip—which should provide a boost over the 1GHz A4 processor that powered the original iPad. The new processor offers a similar low-power consumption rating as the A4.
The iPad 2 features two built-in cameras, for use with FaceTime video chat and other apps. The front camera can record VGA-resolution (640-by-480) video at 30 frames per second with audio and take still photos at 640-by-480. The back camera can record HD video at 720p at 30 frames per second with audio. When in still camera mode, the back camera has a 5X digital zoom.
Get more information on the iPad 2
When it ships, the iPad 2 will run on Apple’s iOS 4.3 mobile operating system. Apple previewed the updated OS on Wednesday, showcasing improved Safari performance, wireless media streaming in the form of iTunes home sharing, AirPlay enhancements, a Personal Hotspot option for all iPhone 4 models, and personal settings options for the iPad’s side-switch.
Get more information on Apple’s iOS 4.3 preview
iOS 4.3 won’t be the only software update to greet the iPad 2 on March 11. Apple announced that its mobile version of iMovie will undergo an update so that it’s optimized to work on Apple’s tablet. In addition, the mobile video editor will offer multitouch gestures, new themes and sound effects, a precision editor, and multitrack audio editing and recording.
iPad users will also have a version of GarageBand to call their own on March 11. The mobile version of the music creation program will let users play and record multiple instruments either by connecting them to the iPad, or through the use of a number of touch instruments, including keyboards and drums.
Get more information on iMovie and GarageBand for the iPad
The iPad 2 announcement Wednesday was not that much of a surprise—Apple’s invitation to the press-only event more or less confirmed that a new iPad would be the centerpiece of Wednesday’s press event. A surprising—and welcome—part of the event was the appearance of Apple CEO Steve Jobs, who has been on leave from his day-to-day duties at the company since January for medical reasons. Jobs handled much of the presentation duties Wednesday, including a rundown of sales figures for the iBookstore, the original iPad, and the iPhone.
Apple also showcased a pair of a iPad 2 accessories—the iPad Smart Cover and the Apple Digital AV Adapter. The Smart Cover works as a stand for typing and watching movies on the tablet. It also features a unique design that includes magnets that hold the cover in place on the iPad. The Apple Digital AV Adapter offers HDMI mirrored video output, allowing what you see on the iPad 2 screen can also be viewed on the big screen in 1080p. The AV Adapter will also work with the original iPad, the iPhone 4, and the fourth-generation iPod touch, providing video out for those iOS devices. (Mirroring is only supported on the iPad 2.)
Updated at 1:05 p.m. PT to include information on iPad compatibility for the Apple Digital AV Adapter.
Updated at 1:44 p.m. PT to correct information about the A5’s power consumption rating.
Updated at 2:12 p.m. PT to clarify Apple Digital AV Adapter support.
<|endofexample|>
Description.
Similar Apps
- Consumer Reports Mobile ShopperUtility software$9.99
- AirPort UtilityUtility software
- Easy AlarmsUtility software
- ProtectStar iShredder Pro HDUtility software
- Onion BrowserUtility software
- $0.99
- WTHR - A Simpler, More Beautiful Weather AppUtility software
- Free
<|endofexample|>
The Specs Physical Features System Type PC Layout Style Standard Included Devices Optical General Features Low-profile Keys|Quiet Keys|Ergonomic Color Black Additional Specifications Frequency Band for both mouse and keyboard Number of Batteries Support 2 Keyboard/Keypad Type Keyboard Hot Keys My Favorites Number of Keys 104 Keyboard/Keypad Wireless Operating Distance 98.43 ft Pointing Device Wireless Operating Distance 98.43 ft Design Ambidextrous Number of Programmable Buttons 3 Number of Total Buttons 3 Front Camera Gyration Brand Name Gyration Keyboard/Keypad Wireless Technology RF Device Support Computer Quick Glance System Type PC Wireless Options Keyboard - Wireless|Mouse - Wireless Layout Style Standard Interfaces Keyboard - USB|Mouse - USB Included Mouse Optical General Features Low-profile Keys|Quiet Keys|Ergonomic Warranty Warranty Information 2 Year Limited Interface and Power Interface Connection Keyboard - USB|Mouse - USB Mouse Power Source Rechargable Lithium Ion Battery Wireless Keyboard - Wireless|Mouse - Wireless Keyboard Power Source AAA Batteries Required (Keyboard) 4 » $33.99 Logitech G710+ Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Read More » $119.99 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest
<|endofexample|>
What ails Malayalam Cinema today?Author's Corner, Movies — By Sethumadhavan on November 17, 2011 1:20 pm
Note- this was an article originally written in mid 2009 but now re-edited/written keeping in mind the current ongoing strike in the Malayalam movie industry.
It’s a known fact that by & large Malayalam and Bengali films have gone on to stand out for the quality of movies getting made over the years. While Bengali cinema has seen masters like Satyajit Ray, Mrinal Sen, Ritwik Ghatak etc during the yesteryears and is now being represented by the likes of Gautam Ghosh, Rituparno Ghosh etc, Malayalam cinema too has had its maestro’s like Adoor Gopalakrishnan,Aravindan, Bharathan,Padmarajan,T.V.Chandran etc who have brought movies of a different perspective to the intelligent audience. The difference between the Malayalam & Bengali film industry lay in the fact that while mainstream cinema in Bengali in the last 2 decades especially had degenerated into typical potboilers which were not for the intelligent audience, in case of Malayalam cinema by & large the mainstream cinema was also of high standard. Movies made by stalwarts like Sathyan Anthikkad,Sibi Malayil,Fazil, Priyadarshan etc went on to revolutionize the 80’s and the 90’s.
This brings us to Malayalam cinema of the present. Why do we constantly hear complaints about the quality of movies going down? Why do people long for the kind of movies of the 80’s and 90’s even today? Is the situation out of control? Let’s take a lot at the situation and some of the factors going against Malayalam Cinema presently.
Genuine shortage of good films
In the recent past what were some of the most successful films? In 2008 there was Twenty: 20, a commercial khichdi which went on to break all records of the Malayalam film industry. In 2009 for a major part of the year it was 2 Harihar Nagar which was the most successful (till Pazhassi Raja thankfully overtook it). And in 2010 we has Pokkiri Raja, a multi-starrer which played to galleries. Of course we have had some good films as well of late like a Pranchiyettan and The Saint, Paleri Manikyam, Adaminte Makan Abu etc but more often than not these films stand out as exceptions. Veteran filmmakers like Fazil, Sibi Malayil etc struggling with their recent films like Moss & Cat and Living Together ( both by Fazil ) or Apoorvaragam and Violin ( both by Sibi Malayil ) are nowhere close to some of their glorious films made earlier. Priyadarshan hasn’t been making Malayalam films of late (after a long back he has now returned with Oru Marubhumi Kadha which is due for release shortly), Joshiy has been happy making multi-starrers like Twenty: 20, Robinhood, Christian Brothers etc which maybe making money but certainly not trendsetting.
Lack of audience for middle of the road cinema
It’s a shame that in Kerala today a genuinely good film like Jayaraj’s Gulmohar, which saw writer-director Ranjith making an excellent debut as an actor or M.G.Sasi’s Adayalangal struggles to get a theatrical release. And even for some good movies done by Mohanlal like Akashagopuram or a Pakalnakshtrangal, the audience preferred to stay away, preferring to instead watch him in a Twenty: 20 or a Kurukshetra. Salim Ahamed’s Adaminte Makan Abu swept the National Awards and is doing very well in the festival circuit right now but it could hardly survive a week at the theatres. Even a star like Prithviraj finds it easy to reach out to his audience with an Anwar or a Thriller but struggles to bring out a movie like Veettilekulla Vazhi which again was noticed in the festival circuit. I can just go on & on about such cases, because there are just so many of them.
Influence of Hindi,Tamil & Telugu Cinema
While one always knew that Malayalam cinema stood for realistic portrayals and also appreciated it, both the filmmakers and the audience were satisfied that they were able to reach out to the expectations of each other. The audience in Kerala has always been intelligent and preferred to see realism in Malayalam movies and left the larger than life and the glossy stuff to Hindi & Tamil cinema. So much so that in recent times SRK and Vijay have become very big stars in Kerala also on account of their popularity among the youth. This was still all right but seeing the ever increasing popularity of Hindi & Tamil movies in the state, some of the film makers decided to go in for more gloss in their own movies. Thus bringing in typical mass dance numbers and other symbols, more representative of a Hindi or a Tamil movie. In the bargain the element of realism so much an essential part of Malayalam cinema started getting lost. A film like Pudhiya Mugam or Pokkiri Raja are clear cut examples for this kind of a trend. If you change the actors you might just not even notice that these are actually Malayalam films.
Another problem has been that of the Malayalam dubbed versions of Telugu movies flooding the theatres in Kerala. While Hindi & Tamil movies have always found patronage in Kerala, they are finding more acceptance nowadays due to the fall in standards in Malayalam cinema. So a film like Ra.One gets a wide spread release in Kerala also as everywhere. But it is the wide release of the Telugu dubbed movies which is proving to be a big nuisance. What started as just an experiment is now becoming a big hassle for the industry. Allu Arjun is now nearly as big as Vijay or some of the Malayalam stars themselves as most of his films have been doing well in Kerala. So much so that his last film Badrinath ( dubbed version ) had a simultaneous release along with the Telugu version in A.P and other markets. For the producers and the distributors, this is a cheap option- the cost of dubbing is not high & the movies get widely released for a 1-2 week run. This sometimes even acts as a stumbling block for the release of a small Malayalam movie.
Shortage of Theatres
The multiplex culture is yet to invade Kerala (as of now there are just 2 multiplexes in Kerala, both in Cochin with a few more planned ahead) and so it’s still the traditional single screens and the cineplexes which rule the roost. Over the last few years a lot of theatres have given away to shopping complexes and other constructions due to either business or other reasons. A huge city like Cochin- Ernakulam does not today have more than 10 -12 direct release theatres (Ernakulam+Fort Cochin+Tripunithira area) and that makes the availability of screens also a major problem especially if it’s a small movie getting released. So when multiple releases happen always the smaller films tend to suffer the maximum.
Stars holding Sway
Nearly 3 decades old in the industry and the 2 M’s Mammootty and Mohanlal still rule the roost. They continue to do 5-6 movies a year and try to balance the middle of the road cinema with the commercial movies. Dileep and Jayaram are hanging in there, while the others including Suresh Gopi hardly seem to hit the bulls eye these days. Among the younger stars it’s only Prithviraj and to an extent Jayasurya and Asif Ali who seem to have some kind of connect with the audiences. When it comes to the heroines the problem is even different. Most of the Malayalam heroines like Nayantara, Bhavana, Amala Paul, Mamta Mohan Das etc are more prominent in the other South Indian languages. Navya Nair and Gopika have now retired after their wedding (while Kavya Madhavan is now back to the field after a failed wedding). So a new bunch of heroines are required to bring in the freshness. People like Ann Augustine, Rima Kallingal, Archana Kavi, Remya Nambeesan etc certainly seem to hold promise and only time will tell us if they manage to leave a lasting impression.
Silver Lining in the cloud?
So is the situation completely out of control? Are all the factors mentioned above too much to handle? No, I still feel that the situation can be brought under control.
Given below are some ways to overcome the same and bring back the earlier days of the Malayalam Film Industry-
1. Prominent film makers like Sathyan Anthikkad, Sibi Malayil, Joshy, Fazil etc to make movies on the lines of what they’ve worked in the past but keeping today’s generation also in mind ( or else gracefully retire ).
2. More emphasis on script to be given. People like Ranjith, Blessy,Lohitadas, Sreenivasan,T.A.Razzak etc to lead the way. Bring out more works of literary giants like M.T.Vasudevan Nair.
3. Encourage work of talented directors like Blessy, Shyama Prasad, Lohithadas, Ranjith etc who can bridge the divide between mainstream & middle of the road cinema.
4. Continue to make use of digital cinema- Qube & UFO to help in releasing the smaller movies
5. Curtail the release of dubbed releases by fixing a maximum number of movies allowed per year.
6. Catch them young- the Kerala Government can through their own Film Society (Kairali) organize mini festivals in college campuses and enable the students to get exposed to critically acclaimed Malayalam movies.
7. The bodies like MACTA (Malayalam Cine Techinicians Association Federation), AMMA (Association of Malayalam Movie Artistes) and the Producers Council should come forward to genuinely encourage and make good cinema. Why cannot there be budgets set aside for making some small intelligent movies patronized by these bodies itself?
All said and done all is not over and I am sure that important stake holders should be working on some of these points listed above and maybe some other points not listed here. As far as the near future is concerned then I’m hoping at least that we continue to get films like a Salt N’Pepper, Traffic, City of God etc which stood out in 2011 and managed to at least stay afloat among the general line-up of films which keep releasing week after week.
Also it’s a humble request to all the concerned associations in the industry (representing, producers, exhibitors, distributors, artistes etc ) to let go of their ego and call of the ongoing strike at the earliest. At the time of posting this there have been no new Malayalam release for the last 3 weeks
Excellent article Sethu….After reading it i feel that even the audience is as much a bigger culprit for the current state of affairs along with film makers.
When you have some brilliant piece of art coming out and thats proves a mediocre success, then by and forth it will always remain a rarity.
A huge transition is required for malayalam cinema and i hope it will surely happen in future.
Unfortunately for Malayalam industry, Mr Lohitadas is no more!
<|endofexample|>
![if !IE]> <![endif]>
Tokyo Game Show 2012 is right around the corner! Mad Catz will be exhibiting our new range of products at the event in Hall 1, Booth 1-N9! We recently announced some great products at the TOUGEKI 2012 event in Tokyo and PAX Prime 2012 in Seattle. We’re proud to be able to show them off to the gaming public throughout TGS 2012. Here’s what we’ll be showing off:
Featuring Sanwa’s latest ‘silent’ parts, the FightStick SH (silent hit) is sure to resonate with fans who need to play in the middle of the night without disturbing their neighbors or loved ones. Currently only available in Japan. Check out this video from our friends at 4Gamer showing off the SH’s main feature!
The latest iteration of the Tournament Edition line of products brings us the TE S+! Working closely with the TEKKEN Project team we have put together a premium arcade stick experience that is perfect for the TEKKEN fan and hardcore fighting games in general. Check out our earlier story for more information on the TEKKEN TAG TOURNAMENT 2 FightStick TE S+!
Aside from those two products we’ll also be showing off our Super Street Fighter IV Arcade FightStick TE S, SOULCALIBUR V Arcade FightStick SOUL Edition, Street Fighter X Tekken Arcade FightStick PRO, MLG Pro Circuit Controller, and our TRITTON range of headsets.
Not only will we have world-class products, but some world-class players will also be in attendance as well. TOKIDO the Murderface, MAGO 2DGOD, and Mad Catz’ founding team member Daigo ‘The Beast’ Umehara will be in attendance throughout Tokyo Game Show to play exhibition matches with attendees and offer gameplay tips/coaching for players. EVO 2012 SOULCALIBUR V Champion, Shining Decopon and TOUGEKI 2012 TEKKEN TAG TOURNAMENT 2 Champion, FRB AO will also be at the Mad Catz booth to show off their skill in their respective games!
There will be awesome opportunities to meet and play with some of the best gamers in the world. Here is a snapshot of our events throughout the weekend, ONLY at the Mad Catz booth!
Also, attendees who wear Mad Catz shirts/apparel at Tokyo Game Show will receive Mad Catz lanyards/gifts at the Mad Catz booth!
Our friends at CrossCounter Asia will also be on hand to cover the event. Special thanks to FINALROUNDBATS, NoRespect, Namco Bandai, Capcom and all the fans/community! We’ll see you guys at Tokyo Game Show! Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for all the updates!
For more information on Tokyo Game Show 2012, check out the official site (in English).
Tags: Capcom, CrossCounterTV, Daigo, Daigo "The Beast" Umehara, FightStick, FINALROUNDBATS, FRB AO, Hajime “TOKIDO” Taniguchi, Japan, Katsuhiro Harada, Kenryo “Mago 2DGOD” Hayashi, Mad Catz Arcade FightStick Versus Series S.H., Mago, MLG Pro Circuit Controller, Namco Bandai, Nobi, NoRespect, Shining Decopon, SOULCALIBUR V, Super Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition ver. 2012, TEKKEN TAG TOURNAMENT 2, TEKKEN TAG TOURNAMENT 2 Arcade FightStick TE S+, TGS 2012, Tokido, Tokyo Game Show, Yuu
Next Story »
« Previous story
<|endofexample|>
Foshan Guoxun Imp. & Exp. Trading Co., Ltd.
[province:Guangdong, China]
Competitive Leather Chair China Manufacturer
>>IMAGE.
Zhengzhou Linker Imp. & Exp. Co., Ltd.
[Province:Henan, China]
Dental Unit Chair With Real Soft Leather (LK-A21)
[May 15, 2013]
Dental chair control system with 9 memory and inter-lock set Synchronized movement of seat and backrest Luxurious LED operating light 1 set Saliva ejector 1 set High power suction with...Real leather
Ningbo CRW Furniture Limited
[Province:Zhejiang, China]
Leather Chair -ZY-20
[May 16, 2013]
All kinds of leathers for your choice * Solid wooden frame * Easy assembly * Excellent packing method * Can make all different size * Oiled or NC finishing for legs * Can make KD * Advanced technical
Foshan Mark Furniture Factory
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Leather Chesterfield Chair
[May 16, 2013]
2. Leather+PU(Half leather). Use leather on the main area of sofa which human can touch. ...3. Full leather. All areas of sofas will use first layer leather. (Cost too much leather, not recommend).
Wants Furniture Co., Ltd.
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Management Certification: ISO9001:2008
Leather Office Chair (MJ-A202)
[Apr 12, 2013]
Office chair Materials: Backrest: Black PU Seat: Black PU Base: Wooden star base Castor: PU castors Armest: Wooden Functions: Mechanism: Angle tilt lock Seat height: Adjustable( up & down) Dimension:
[Province:Shanghai, China]
2012 New 3D Luxury ,Zero Gravity Massage Chair with Feet Extension and Music Synchronous Massage ...
[May 16, 2013]
1. Massage chair Manufature ...3. Massage chair specialist ...Massage Chair Functions: ...3. Position detection: According to your height the massage chair can detect your shoulder, back ...
Foshan Mark Furniture Factory
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Leather Rocking Chair
[May 16, 2013]
2. Leather+PU(Half leather). Use leather on the main area of sofa which human can touch. ...3. Full leather. All areas of sofas will use first layer leather. (Cost too much leather, not recommend).
Foshan Shunde Xuanyang Furniture Factory
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Office Chair/ Leather Chair (E11)
[May 18, 2013]
Best Selling Office Chair/ Leather Chair/Manager Chair/Chair(E11) New design office chairs High quality boss chairs Meeting chairs, conference chairs Best price with discount JCM is welcome Payment...
Zhejiang Sanwei Anti-Electrostatic Equipment Co., Ltd.
[Province:Shanghai, China]
Management Certification: ISO9001:2008, ISO14001:2004
ESD Leather-Chair (3W-9804102)
[May 17, 2013]
...Gar lift Adjustable Height: 440-600mm Chair Surface: ESD Leather Note: 1, The surface of plastic-chair is provided by alone 2, About the chair with wheel, the wheel can be replaced by plastic foot.
Foshan Santu Furniture Co., Ltd.
[Province:Guangdong, China]
High Quality Steel Waiting Chair /Public Chair (3 seats, PU leather) (STK203B)
[May 18, 2013]
Waiting Chair / Public Chair /Airport Chair * Armrest & Leg: High Quality steel, 1.2mm thickness. * Seat(s): High Quality steel(1.5mm...* 2. Upholstered Pu leather on seat & back.
Foshan Shunde Kangdi Furniture Factory
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Stainless Steel Dining Chair, X Legs Chair, Crocodile Leather Chair (Y80)
[Apr 17, 2013]
General Use: Chairs for dining room, restaurant or hotel ...Material: Stainless steel frame, foam, crocodile leather cover ...1. Fashion metal chair with elegant design ...We're specialized in ...
Wenzhou Linghe Furniture Co., Ltd.
[Province:Zhejiang, China]
Management Certification: ISO9001:2008
Leather Chair (2100#) [May 18, 2013]
Material: Solid wood frame, seating in 45 density foam with PVC or ECO Leather covered.
Foshan Hao Zhuo Furniture Factory
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Office Chair Leather Chair With Special Design (8149C) [May 18, 2013]
2. Named as computer chair, fabric chair, staff chair, meeting chair, office chair, office swivel chair 3. Material: Genuine leather chair, solid wooden frame and metal base 4. CTN size: 120*80*55 cm ...
Hotel Leather Chair (XYM-H137) [May 18, 2013]
Item Name: Hotel Banquet Chair Material: Aluminum Chair size: W450*D520*H950mm Tube size: 30*30*2.0/2.2mm Tube color: Any color are valuable Fabric: There are many fabric for choosing. And it also could...
Zhengzhou Linker Trading Co., Ltd.
[Province:Henan, China]
Dental Unit Real Leather Chair (398HF) [May 17, 2013]
AL-398HF Dental Unit Real leather, elegant, popular CE/ISO proved With real leather Four colors can be choosed STANDARD...Dental chair control system with 9 memory and inter-lock set ...Real leather
Zhongshan City Vinus Furniture Co., Ltd.
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Leather chair(VBZ1-RL-G12) [May 17, 2013]
1. Ergonomic chair: Designed by human body technological theory. ...High dense sponge under the leather pad making perfect elasticity. ...7. Materials are quality genuine leather/PU, mesh and plastic.
Hotel Leather Chair (XYM-G98) [May 18, 2013]
1, Desc: Steel Chair 2, Size: 450W*520d*930h mm 3, Material: 1)20*20MM of square steel tube with spray painting or powder coated...4)A lots of fabric and leather in color and design for your choosing.
Maratti Furniture Co., Ltd. Shanghai
[Province:Shanghai, China]
Management Certification: ISO9001:2008, ISO14001:2004
Office Leather Chair (8273-H) [May 17, 2013]
Office leather chair is a great choice for people who works a long time in front of computer. ...Our wide range of office leather chair includes affordable models, designer ...Advantages of chair:
Steel Leather Chair (YC-ZG39) [May 18, 2013]
Steel Leather Chair /Steel chair/metal chair/Hotel Chair /Banquet Chair/Designer chair/Restaurant Chair/ Commerical Furniture/Metal Banquet Chair/Stacking Chair/Stackable Chair ... Steel dining ...
Banquet Leather Chair (YC-F076) [May 18, 2013]
Leather chair has grace surface, good quality and reasonable price, 4x40'HQ be sold to oversea per month. ...*Desc: Leather chair ...4. We have a lots of fabric/leather in color and design for choose. ...
Leather Restaurant Chair (YC-ZG18) [May 18, 2013]
Steel leather chair have professional design, best price and high quality. ...*Desc.: Steel leather chair, Restaurant Chair. Hotel Chair. Banquet Chair. Dining Chair ...Stacking Chair. Metal Chair.
PU Leather Chair (XYM-G08) [May 18, 2013]
1, Desc: Steel Chair 2, Size: 450W*520d*930h mm 3, Material: 1)20*20MM of square steel tube with spray painting or powder coated...4)A lots of fabric and leather in color and design for your choosing.
Foshan Ah Fan-Ti Furniture Co., Ltd.
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Leather Staff Chair (RFT-B22) [May 16, 2013]
Item's name: Staff chair, diretor chair, office chair ...Sitting cushion: High density foam inside, top leather or PU faced ... a card board between the chair and the base arrounded by foam pipe. ...
Sofa Chair, Chair, Leather Chair (J-02) [May 17, 2013]
Function Sofa / Sleeper Sofa / Leather Sofa (J-02) Material details: 1) Leather: Covered in very soft, smooth top grain leather 2) Frame:...2) High quality polyester fiber between leather and foam.
Xinchang Roicrown Technology Co., Ltd.
[Province:Zhejiang, China]
Massage Chair with Leather (A07) [May 18, 2013]
3S Zero-Gravity Massage Chair, from China professional massage chair manufacturer More Healthy, More Wonderful Back rest: 3S mechanical massage hands Five modes of...Type: 3S Zero Gravity massage chair
Office Chair / Leather Chair / Swivel Chair (A081 Series) [May 17, 2013]
A. Name Of Goods: Office Chair / Leather Chair / Swivel Chair (A081 Series) B. Material Details: 1. Leather: Covered in very soft, smooth top grain leather 2. Frame and Armrest: Highly quality oak wood....
[Province:Shanghai, China]
Massage Chair White Leather (JFM025M) [May 16, 2013]
1. Massage chair Manufature ...4. Massage chair specialist 2012 NEW Massage Chair Massage White Leather Massage Chair Functions: ... According to your height the massage chair can detect your shoulder,...
Foshan City Shunde District Heng Rui Yi Xing Furniture Limited
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Leather Chair (HX-AB107) [May 18, 2013]
Executive Chair, Modern, Fashion and Comfortable 1. Base Material Selection Available: PP Base / Nylon...2. Surface Material Selection Available: PU /PVC /Pig Leather /Split Cow Leather /Top Cow Leather
Office Furniture, Meeting Chair, Leather Chair (X25A) [May 17, 2013]
Our company mainly produces mesh chair, computer chair, chair, office, staff chair, eames chair, manager chair, office desk, classroom furniture and so on. ...Mesh Chair / Computer Chair/ Chair (X25A) ...
Leather Recliner, Leather Chair, Home Theather (R618) [May 18, 2013]
Leather Sofa /. Reclining Chair / Function Sofa / Sofa Recliner etc. Material...1) Leather: Covered in very soft, smooth top grain leather ...2) High quality polyester fiber between leather and foam.
Foshan Shunde YiFan Furniture Co., Ltd.
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Classic Leather Sofa/Leather Chair (YF-D969) [May 17, 2013]
Oak Wood, Top Grain Cow Leather, High Density Sponge, High Flexible Spring, High Flexible Webbing, Enviromental Protection Sealed PU Paint, Nickel Superb ... Exquiste Wood Sculpture ...
Zhongshan Uptop Furnishings Co., Ltd.
[Province:Guangdong, China]
Promotional Furniture- Leather Dining Chair (SP-LC810) [May 18, 2013]
Leather Dining Chair (SP-LC810) Item No. : SP-LC810 Features: 1, Material: Solid hardwood, PU leather 2, Knock Down construction 3, Dimension: 19"(W) x 20"(D) x 38"(H) 4, CA117 &...
Recent Visit History
No Recent Visit History.
Popular Searches:
- Leather Kitchen Chairs
- Leather Guest Chairs
- Relax Chair Leather
- Leather Theater Chairs
- Chair Leather Sofa
- Chairs Oak Leather
- Leather Banquet Chairs
- Leather Cup Chair
- Theater Leather Chair
- Leather Chairs House
- Leather House Chairs
- Leather Chair Manufacturers / Suppliers
- Leather Chair Companies
- Offers Of Leather Chair
- Leather Chair Importers & Exporters
Catalog
Province & Region
<|endofexample|>
Rasedar Rajma (Curried Kidney Beans)
This recipe from the Fatfree Vegan Kitchen blog has been on my weekly "menu"/shopping list for months. It keeps falling off the bottom- I had the ingredients but hadn't cooked it, week in week out. Tonight I couldn't come up with any other idea- and decided to give it a try. WOW. This is a really delicious recipe! I am not even the world's biggest Indian food fan and I really like it and totally wish I had made more.
I served it with some "yogurt" on top- silken tofu blended with some salt, lemon juice and a dash of splenda. My 9 year old daughter who likes curries but is not a fan of tofu ate it happily, so I think it fooled her!As I usually do- in the case of the curry I did use the spices in the recipe- garam masala, fenugreek, coriander root, garlic, tumeric- but substituted caraway seeds for the ajwain seeds and used quite a lot more of all the spices than whatever quantities the recipe suggested. Maybe some of my spices are a bit stale as I think it would have been pretty bland otherwise. Oh- I used canned kidney beans (yay Aldi- feed a family of 5 for 4 bucks? Yes please) 4 cans. Next time I will probably make double as everyone loved it and I only have a tiny bit eft for lunch tomorrow!
<|endofexample|>
590.
Tours and Trips by Wind Birds
Discover Madeira...
Swim with Dolphins
Birdwatching in Madeira
Admire Madeira Flora
Dolphins & Whales
<|endofexample|>
Alicia Ashman Branch
Alicia Ashman Branch Features
Library closed Memorial Day The Madison Public Library will be closed Sunday, May 26 and Monday, May 27 for Memorial Day. Madison libraries will resume regular business hours on Tuesday, May 28. May 19 is ...read more
Posted by Sean - Central on May 15, 2013
Posted by Sean - Central on May 15, 2013
Posted by Krissy on May 11, 2013
Posted by Tana on May 8, 2013
Community Partners
Madison Community Foundation
<|endofexample|>
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Save up to 90 percent on parenting magazine subscriptions. Whether you’re at the pregnancy and baby stage or you’ve got a family, parents and parents-to-be can find trusted advice about their child’s development at any age in our broad selection of parenting magazine subscriptions. Check back often for more discounts and special offers!
<|endofexample|>
Jim Bartlett's Blog
The Land of the Free and the Home of the Pre-Recorded
by Jim Bartlett
,
posted Jan 28 2013 11:15AM
Forgive me if I am unable to work up even a tiny bit of outrage over the news that Beyoncé lip-synched the National Anthem at President Obama's inauguration ceremony.
When Christina Aguilera famously messed up the anthem before the Packers' Super Bowl win two years ago, I was among those who joked about it, until my wife set me straight. She's performed the anthem in public (with the Sound of Madison chorus) and she says that "The Star-Spangled Banner" is very difficult to sing. "It has a very large range from low notes to high notes, and it has some jumps [from note to note] that are pretty unusual compared to what we're used to hearing." And if you don't agree with that, listen to Aretha Franklin, who says shad no problem with Beyonce's choice to lip-sync: "The weather down there was about 46 or 44 degrees, and for most singers that is just not good singing weather." Another consideration: the National Anthem at the inauguration is a very, very big deal. In a spot like that, nobody wants to risk mid-song microphone failure. It's embarrassing if Kelly Clarkson's microphone goes out during "My Country 'Tis of Thee," but if it happens during the anthem, it's a disaster of historic proporations.
It's not as though Beyoncé is the first person ever to do this. One of the most famous anthem performances of all time was Whitney Houston's before the Super Bowl just days after the Persian Gulf War began. For years, people close to Whitney insisted that she'd sung it live. Last year, however, her musical director finally confirmed that the performance was lip-synched. In a giant stadium, with a delay between the moment the words come out of your mouth and when they come echoing back to you over the PA system, it's easy to lose your place and give less than your best performance. When the whole country, or the whole world, is watching, that's not what you want. Such performances are recorded far more often than most people realize.
And if lip-synching was good enough for everybody who ever appeared on American Bandstand back in the day, it's good enough for anybody now. Beyoncé did what she felt she had to do on Inauguration Day, and I don't have a problem with it.
People :
Aretha Franklin
,
Christina Aguilera
,
Kelly Clarkson
,
Obama
,
Whitney Houston
Back To Blog
01/28/2013 10:14AM
The Land of the Free and the Home of the Pre-Recorded
Please Enter Your Comments Below
Title :
Comment :
Please enter the text as it is shown in the box below :
refresh image
Recent Posts
Hometown Spirits
You Be the DJ
On the Subject of Old Trees
The World According to Twitter
Drink Local
<|endofexample|>
Product Description
DetailsThis is a simple, clean sponge routine that produces a great effect without any complicated moves or slights.
The Effect:.
Recommended For:
Great for roaming and comedy magicians.
Trick Specifications:
Includeds four sponge cubes, specially cut #4 sponge and instructions.
Skill Level: Intermediate.
Category: Close-Up Magic.
Customers who bought this product also bought:
Customer Reviews
- Review by jpmagician
- Very Good Trick And Well Performed. I Cant Wait For It To Get Here. Very Good Trick At An Excellent Price. But There Is This Trick On Other Websites But It Is A Bunny And They Are So Cheaply Made. One Ripped In My Performance. This Is The Best For A Better Price. (Posted on 5/14/11)
- Review by Brah
- This Trick Is Great For Kids Parties. A Lot Of Kids Have Seen Spongeballs Before, So It Is Great That This Has The Twist Of The "Four" At The End. This Gets A Great Reaction From Everyone But I Recommend It For Kids Not Smart Enought To Figure Out The Secret At The End. (Posted on 4/11/10)
<|endofexample|>
Where can you get social media traffic? Social media marketing has grown into a powerful vortex of backlinks and free traffic over the years. Years ago, it used to be about spamming article directories to get a backlink from anywhere possible but now days, we’ve come to find out that Google loves Web 2.0 properties. Social media websites can be included in these Web 2.0 properties as well which makes social media that much more powerful. There are plenty of social media outlets on the web and can generate a ton of traffic and link juice if you know how to use them effectively and correctly.
Social Media Traffic: Facebook
When Facebook was new; no one could have imagined that it would become one of the biggest websites to ever hit the internet. Everything seems to revolve around Facebook now days. People lose their jobs; lose their relationships, and business deals because of things that are discovered over this site. This site also is a huge opportunity for anyone trying to build or retain a client base. Facebook has a wide variety of tools available for free. If you want to spend some money to get people to your fan page, Facebook has Google like advertising on their own site. You can target just about any demographic you want.
Facebook allows you to make business pages, band pages, fan pages, regular people pages and anything else you can imagine using to promote your business or website. Once someone “likes” your page, all of their friends see it and I guarantee you if it picks their interest, they’re going to go check it out. Facebook is simply powerful.
Social Media Traffic: MySpace
MySpace might have a lot less attention than it used to have now days thanks to Facebook and overkill on ads thanks to Fox Broadcasting, but it’s still a powerful platform to promote a product or business on. Everyone remembers seeing the Tom classic MySpace picture and in turn started the famous in the mirror picture.
The fact is, there are still millions of people utilizing MySpace and browsing them couldn’t be any easier. You can target people to a very specific demographic which you can’t do on Facebook for free.
Social Media Traffic: YouTube
If you don’t know what YouTube, you’ve been living under a rock. YouTube allows people to upload just about anything as long as it doesn’t violate the terms. It takes a lot to violate YouTube’s terms of service though. Some of the things you can’t upload are:
1) Copyrighted material. You can’t upload someone else’s work and pass it off as your own. This also includes music and movies although some people do slip by the mods and cracks by uploading it anyways.
2) Adult content of any nature. It’ll be banned and your account will be banned without any warning.
YouTube allows people to show off their content through a video. If you’re trying to promote a brand new site or a product, you can create a video that either showcases the product or service you’re promoting and it might be one of those one hit wonders with millions of views..
About the Author
Charles Henry of Home Host is a social media specialist. Home Host is the leading web hosting company in Brazil.
Recommended Reading
1. YouTube & Video Marketing: An Hour a Day
2. Facebook Marketing for Smart People
I agree that social media is overpowering the internet, however some people do indeed need to learn not to share ‘everything’ on Facebook and social sites alike. We don’t need to know every little detail of someone else’s life
So true. Everything does seem to revolve around Facebook. Not sure that’s a good thing all the time.
Hey Sara, I agree I don’t think it’s a good idea to reveal everything on Facebook. But it seems that everyone is willing to share everything on there, they’re just not wanting to keep anything private anymore.
Samantha And Fabrizio : you both are right in your opinions but if someone wants to promote his/her website then sharing every single information is required to promote it.Also it depends on individuals whether to share their information or not,Facebook don’t force anyone to share the things one don’t want too.
Aditya recently posted…ERP CRM Softwares Solutions Providers
Its a shame that Facebook has become a haven for people to write any old trash on. It’s a powerful marketing and traffic generation tool that is so often misused.
I totally agree with this article to be honest and based on my experience, using this 3 social media site are now famous nowadays, aside from that many people use this as a basis or source of income.
Thanks for the post Charles, as far as traffic from social media goes, I get a decent amount from Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. I’ve never really paid much attention to MySpace, I think I kind of assumed that everyone else was using Facebook and leaving MySpace and that was the thing to do. Having said that I’m sure I have a profile somewhere on there.
Hello Charles
nice Post
Facebook truly deserves the first place in the list . Proper social media marketing effort can bring tons of visitors to you web page . thanks for sharing this Bryan
It seems that you are forgetting the latest social innovation, that is Pinterest. We have seen unbelievable traffic surges from our pins on pinterest. The amazing thing is that Pinterest posts provide Do-follow links which no other social network can match with!!
Jyothis Thaliath recently posted…WordPress.com or WordPress.org: Which is the one for you??
Hi Charles, awesome tips bro. I only get traffic from Facebook. Now started getting little amount of traffic from twitter. Thanks for sharing this tips bro
Sai Kumar recently posted…Top 10 Android Apps for Bloggers
generate traffic is the hardest step for a blogger, your advice is very helpful thank you.
Wow, I seriously double-checked on the the date of this post when I read “Myspace”. I would have expected Pinterest to be on here, not Myspace. I had a Myspace account then and all my friends were musicians mostly. I didn’t realize Myspace still has a lot of active members.
Reese recently posted…Get Out of Debt
Hi Fabrizio,
For sure social media sites have captured the market and almost everyone is getting addicted to it.Whether small or big enterprise all are heading towards these sites to promote their business.Almost all the world are using Facebook and its the excelent place to promote your business.
Aditya recently posted…ERP CRM Softwares Solutions Providers
<|endofexample|>
Accurate determination of calories burned can only be accomplished by individual physiological testing.
The next best thing is to use an ergometer. Beware, some bikes incorrectly claim to be ergometers but they do not measure power. Real ergometers measure how much power is put into pedaling the bike. This is needed for a reasonably accurate estimate of calories burned. For a more accurate calorie calculation, you would need to take into account the physical properties of the person using the bike. Many ergometers don't do this.
Measuring power is expensive. Adding this capability to a pedal exerciser would raise its cost by hundreds of dollars. Because of this, the calories burned estimates can be off by a factor of 10. The calorie numbers on the display are only close if the resistance is set to maximum. This is true for all pedal exercisers, including the MagneTrainer.
We have developed an Online Calorie Calculator that effectively turns the MagneTrainer into an ergometer. In addition, this program takes into account physical properties of the person using the bike.
Go to Online Calorie Calculator
If you prefer an automated solution, you may want to consider the MagneTrainer PC Interface.
The MagneTrainer PC interface connects your bike to a Windows computer and automatically logs your calories burned.
"I am immensely pleased with both the build quality and the resistance. This will provide good solid exercise when couch-bound. Great for those of us who don't like to go out in the cold and/or have small apartments."
-T Good
<|endofexample|>
Visit My Colors to:
Have an account?Sign In to see your colors
Click next to a design to add it to your favorites.
Have an account?Sign In to see your favorites
See the colors. Feel the texture. Experience the quality!
Feel the quality with free samples
100% Quality Guaranteed
Get exclusive discounts & more!
<|endofexample|>
Maine is receiving more than $4 million in the massive, $3 billion settlement with pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline. It's the largest health care fraud settlement in U.S. history.
Maine will receive a total of $4,402,994 in the settlement announced yesterday, according to a press release from Maine Attorney General William Schneider. Under the terms of the settlement, GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to pay $3 billion to resolve allegations of unlawful promotion of certain prescription drugs, failure to report certain safety data and false price reporting practices. Of that amount, $2 billion will go to various states and the federal government for damages and civil penalties to compensate Medicaid and other federal health care programs. GSK has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges relating to drug labeling and U.S. Food and Drug Administration reporting and will pay a $1 billion criminal fine.
The state and federal governments alleged that GSK unlawfully marketed certain drugs for uses for which they were not approved; making false representations regarding the safety and efficacy of certain drugs; offering kickbacks to medical professionals; and underpaying rebates owed to government programs for various drugs paid for by Medicaid and other federally funded health care programs. The drugs involved include Paxil, Advair and Lamictal.
Type your comment here:
<|endofexample|>
The text reflects
changes made through the Second Regular Session of the 125th Maine Legislature, is current through
September 1, 2012, except that it also includes changes made by b 2011, chapter 1. The text is subject
to change without notice.
Office
of the Revisor of Statutes
7 State House Station
State House Room 108
Augusta, Maine 04333-0007
<|endofexample|>
Jillian Dempsey for Avon Professional Eye Smokifier.
The Professional Eye Smokifier makes a dark smoky eye so easy to create. It’s much easier than a liquid or gel liner the smooth sponge tip is easy to handle and the softer look means no stressing over a perfect line. I tried the Very Black I love how dark it is and the little silver sparkles, definitely makes your eyes pop.
Jillian Dempsey for Avon Professional Eye Smokifier
Jillian Dempsey (wife of McDreamy Patrick Dempsey) has been working with Avon as their Global Creative Color Director and Celebrity Makeup Artist and has a couple amazing products.
The Professional Eye Smokifier is a powdered eyeliner that comes in a tube with a soft sponge-tipped applicator.
It currently comes in four colors including Very Black, Khaki, Bronze and Blue Grey.
Disclosure: MHU received a complimentary sample of the above referenced product but all opinions are 100% our own.
See More $0 - $25.00, Avon
<|endofexample|>
Ahmedabad Asunc Ahmedabad was 0 minutes.The average delay in Kuwait Airways flight arrival in Ahmedabad was 0 minutes.
The average delay in Kuwait Airways flight departure from Asuncion was 0 minutes.The average delay in Kuwait Airways flight arrival in Asuncion was 0 minutes.
Check Ahmedabad to Asuncion international flight schedules, international flight status, and flight number for Kuwait Airways . MakeMyTrip India offers cheapest International Air Travel Tickets between Ahmedabad and Asuncion with Kuwait Kuwait Airways air tickets at MakeMyTrip India. Best Deals at Lowest fares guaranteed on flights from Ahmedabad to Asuncion by Kuwait Airways International Travel. Check Kuwait Airways booking, International Flight number, Flight status, Schedules online from Ahmedabad to Asuncion .
<|endofexample|>
Come See Us At Maker Faire Detroit!
WHERE
The Henry Ford
20900 Oakwood Blvd.
Dearborn, MI 48124-4088
DIRECTIONS
The Henry Ford is located in Dearborn, Michiganlight, turn right ontoVillage Road (through the iron gates) and drive 3/4 miles.
<|endofexample|>
More reviews by anamarie1
I didnt find the quality of this product all that great. the color that came was also too dark for me. I could only use it if I apply anothe product on top. I also didnt notice that it controled the oil all that well. I have requested that they recustomize it. I update my info if they recustomize it. I they don't I have asked for a refund.
Is this review helpful? Yes No
<|endofexample|>
rjinlondon on 4/25/2013 11:45:00 AM more reviews by rjinlondon
Age: 19-24 Skin: Combination, Medium Hair: Blond Eyes: Brown
Great colour, looks beautiful on and it hasn't chipped in four days after lots of washing up without gloves! The brush is a dream to use making it easy to apply. It's my new favourite nail polish make, beats O.P.I hands down!
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
BlondeInDelhi on 4/12/2013 11:43:00 AM more reviews by BlondeInDelhi
Age: 25-29 Skin: Oily, Fair Hair: Blond Eyes: Blue
Lovely colour, good and even application, and a nice brush, which makes application easy.
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
*TOP REVIEWER* SHeust on 2/2/2013 9:17:00 PM more reviews by SHeust
Age: 25-29 Skin: Combination, Fair, Warm Hair: Brunette, Wavy, Medium Eyes: Green
A friend gave me this because she was trying to break me out of my light pink/nude shades only rut. Although I am quite pale, this is a pretty, pale shade of grey that looks flattering against my skin. I topped it with a silvery glittery she gave me for sort of a disco ball look and it really looks nice. Essie polishes always have a good formula in my experience - smooth, no bubbles, dries fairly quickly and two or three coats (depending on your desired level of opaqueness) works great. Chinchilly is a great shade for those who love grays or don't know that they do yet!
1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Char1008 on 1/30/2013 2:56:00 PM more reviews by Char1008
Age: 19-24 Skin: Combination, Fair, Warm Hair: Blond, Wavy, Coarse Eyes: Hazel
After testing nearly every neutral shade on the Essie stand in Boots I eventually went for Chinchilly and am very happy with the decision. Outside of the fluorescent lighting in the store the colour was much greyer than I originally thought. Natural lighting brings out a slight lavender undertone which adds another element to the shade whist still remaining unobtrusive enough to suit any occasion. The polish includes the usual extra wide brush which I love but others can find more difficult to use especially on narrower nails. I found that 2 - 3 coats were needed for a real opaque coverage and with base and top coats the polish lasted for a good 4 days with minimal tip wear.
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
swatters on 1/23/2013 12:21:00 PM more reviews by swatters
Age: 25-29 Skin: Normal, Olive Hair: Brown!
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
BinkyRose on 1/8/2013 2:28:00 PM more reviews by BinkyRose
Age: 18 & Under!
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Zena89 on 1/5/2013 11:45:00 PM more reviews by Zena89
Age: 19-24 Skin: Dry, Medium Brown, Cool Hair: Brown, Kinky, Medium Eyes: Brown
no me gusta- not for me. IT's too boring.
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
GlamFann on 12/27/2012 9:49:00 PM more reviews by GlamFann
Age: 18 & Under Skin: Combination, Medium Hair: Blond.
1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
ashleylaurenxo on 12/7/2012 7:07:00 PM more reviews by ashleylaurenxo
Age: 25-29 Skin: Sensitive, Fair Hair: Red Eyes: Blue
I LOVE this colour! I get compliments whenever I wear this nail polish. It's a nice neutral grey and I find like almost all Essie polishes it is of fantastic quality. I only have to apply 2 coats.
2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
localceleb84 on 12/7/2012 4:08:00 PM more reviews by localceleb84
Age: 25-29 Skin: Normal, Tan Hair: Blond.
3 out of 3 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
keyelement on 12/7/2012 2:11:00 AM more reviews by keyelement.
2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
jennstar777 on 12/6/2012 9:54:00 PM more reviews by jennstar777
Age: 25-29 Skin: Dry, Fair, Cool Hair: Blond, Straight, Medium Eyes: Blue
Amazing neutral shade-a subtle yet dynamic gray. Worth it!
1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
MonBlue on 11/17/2012 1:58:00 PM more reviews by MonBlue.
2 out of 3 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
*TOP REVIEWER* aznmnkygrl808 on 10/24/2012 2:31:00 AM more reviews by aznmnkygrl808!
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
ireneyy on 9/29/2012 7:55:00 PM more reviews by ireneyy
Age: 18 & Under Skin: Combination, Olive,.
2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
trinitycharm on 9/16/2012 11:17:00 AM more reviews by trinitycharm.
2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
boxyeongxan on 9/7/2012 10:54:00 AM more reviews by boxyeongxan
Age: 18 & Under Skin: Dry, Fair Hair: Brown, Straight, Fine Eyes: Black
A nice color. But its very sheer. I had to use 3 coats to get the color thats in the bottle on my nails. It doesn't chip and doesn't streak. applies on smoothly.
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Suester on 9/7/2012 9:43:00 AM more reviews by Suester
Age: 36-43 Skin: Combination, Fair-Medium Hair: Blond, Kinky, Fine Eyes: Blue
This polish rocks! I love it so much :) Perfect dark grey/taupe colour with a hint of purple and it just looks so awesome! Funnily I have swatched it on one nail a few times and decided against it, but when I did a full mani, I was wowed with how good it was and thrilled to get compliments on my nails.
Formula is pretty good, I'm not totally skilled at the art of DIY manicure but this went on pretty much perfectly, two easy coats and it lasted perfectly for 5 days with no chipping. I do use the computer a lot, so it was showing a bit of tipwear by then, but nothing that had me worried.
Very happy, will use this colour again and again!
1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
cafebizarre on 9/3/2012 8:29:00 AM more reviews by cafebizarre
Age: 36-43 Skin: Other Hair: Other Eyes: Other
It is a pretty color, but initially it felt a little streaky and needed three coats for the color to really show through. It is a great all year color IMO.
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
*TOP REVIEWER* KelseyP on 9/1/2012 10:15:00 PM more reviews by KelseyP!
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
<|endofexample|>
Mike Margolies asks:
It doesn’t happen to every email, just some of them. It only happens with the emails that stem from my own email account. It is a pop account via GoDaddy. I have another pop email account that when those emails are deleted stay deleted. Apple says it is GoDaddy. GoDaddy says I should switch to IMAP. Ideas?
Browser: Chrome 21
System: Windows
Tagged: delete email, email issue, email management, iphone, iphone 4s
System: Windows
Tagged: delete email, email issue, email management, iphone, iphone 4s
4 Answers -
ha14August 18, 2012
Apple imap issues – disappearing, not deleting, smtp server timeout, etc.
delete the email account and then recreate the same account with same password.????
GrrGrrrAugust 18, 2012
there is no harm in switching to IMAP.
Mike MargoliesAugust 19, 2012
That does not work. I said it was a pop email account. I don’t think there is a way to convert a pop account to a imap. I talked with both Apple and GODADDY. Go Daddy wants me to purchase a imap email account to go with my hosting plan. I don’t really want the $35 per year for email. I thought perhaps their would be a setting trick or work around.
POP accounts are horrendous, Godaddy even more so. Consider switching to a VPS like if your website is big enough that you can afford it (assuming you host a site here, and dont just use godaddy for emails; a VPS starts at $50/month).
You can then either setup directly as an imap account, or install google apps to let google handle the imap side of thing.August 21, 2012
Mike MargoliesAugust 21, 2012
Thanks for everyone’s help. It appears that the only real answer is switching to some other form of email. Not the solution I was looking for, but a solution none the less.
Here’s a solution-ish/workaround.
Overview:August 28, 2012
1. Create a GMail account (if you already haven’t got one).
2. Import your GoDaddy POP mail
2.1 via GMail Settings>Accounts and Import, then setup “Check mail from other accounts (using POP3):”
2.2 You can choose whether or not to permanently delete your POP copy after it gets imported into your GMail (via “Leave a copy of retrieved message on the server.” settings)
3. On your iPhone, associate your new GMail account (although IMAP is good, you can choose Google Sync to make better use of push. See:)
4. You can now choose to remove your POP account on your iPhone.
OK this makes sense to me. The only downside I see is not being able to send from my phone using my company email. I may leave the pop on and just delete everything as it comes in.August 28, 2012
<|endofexample|>
I refer to Abdul Rahman Abdul Talib's letters entitled Apostasy punishment quite clear in texts in which he said that: 'It is not a penalty (death) imposed, rather it is a penalty accepted willingly by all converts as part of the teachings of Islam'.
I must say that it is fine and good if the prospective convert has been told of his fate, but have they been informed? Or do the religious officers conveniently keep mum on this issue during the orientation period only for it to be later discovered by the convert by then which it would be too late?
The religious officers assisting the conversion must say it loud and clear to the candidate that should he or she commit apostasy later on in life, the penalty is death.
<|endofexample|>
Click to Go BackBack to Bill Details
Print Document Text
Download PDF
HOUSE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . No. 98
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts
_______________
By Mr. Scaccia of Boston, for the temporary committee on Rules, on House, No. 96, a Bill expanding the Governor’s authority to address deficiencies in revenue (House, No. 98).
An Act
Expanding The Governors Authority To Address Deficiencies In Revenue
FOR THE COMMITTEE
Name:
District/Address:
Angelo M. Scaccia
14th Suffolk
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts
In the Year Two Thousand and Nine
An Act
Expanding The Governors Authority To Address Deficiencies In Revenue
. funds distributed in accordance with section 3 of the general appropriations act, but excluding monies otherwise appropriated to the general court, the courts, the office of the comptroller, the office of inspector general or constitutional officers, shall be expended only in such amounts as may be allotted as provided in this section.
SECTION 2. Said section 9B of said chapter 29 of the General Laws, as amended by section 1 of this act, items 0611-5500, 7061-0008 said chapter 182 of the acts of 2008.
SECTION 5. In any reduction in payments to a municipality or regional school district pursuant to items 0611-5500, 7061-0008 existence of any local reserve funds; (3) the percentage of the municipality's or regional school district's budget that comes from the state; and (4) any other factor that he considers important.
SECTION 6. Section 2 sh
all take effect on July 1, 2009
<|endofexample|>
Section 14. Clerks and assistant clerks of district courts may sign process issued by the said courts, and court records, documents or other legal papers, or copies thereof, relating to criminal, delinquent, wayward and neglected cases made or issued by such clerks or assistant clerks in conformity with law, except search warrants and process authorizing arrests or commitments, by imprinting thereon a facsimile of the signature of the clerk or assistant clerk; and such facsimile signatures shall have the same validity as their written signatures.
Complaints for violations of the parking law, brought under section twenty A or section twenty C of chapter ninety, may be signed by the complainant by imprinting thereon a facsimile of his signature. Said facsimile signature shall have the same validity as his written signature.
<|endofexample|>
-
TOP STORIES
LATEST CAMPAIGNS / LOOKBOOKS
LATEST EDITS & TESTS
SUBSCRIBE VIA EMAIL
MM FEED
Category: Arthur Gosse
Arthur Gosse In Louis Vuitton for Commons & Sense
Louis Vuitton special starring top model Arthur Gosse in a Commons & Sense magazine shoot by photographer Tetsuharu Kubota beautifully styled by Maher Jridi. Make-up by Aya Komatsu, hair Kenshin Asano.
Arthur Gosse for Ports 1961 Spring Summer 2013
Breakthrough star of the modeling scene Arthur Gosse (Elite Models) posing for a shoot by famed fashion photographer Craig McDean coming as the beautifully coloured spring summer 2013 Ports 1961 advertisement.
Arthur Gosse for L’Optimum
L'Optimum Magazine's fashion story starring top model Arthur Gosse (Major Paris) posing in a shoot by photographer Jonathan Frantini.
Arthur Gosse for HUSK Magazine
Breakthrough star of the modeling scene Arthur Gosse (Major Paris) photographed for HUSK magazine's 10th edition by Bungo Tsuchiya. Arthur in Tokyo story was styled and art directed by A.I.
MBNYFW: Richard Chai Men’s FW13
Collection: Richard Chai Men's Season: Fall Winter 2013.14 Designer: Richard Chai Models:, … 
Arthur Gosse by Milan Vukmirovic for Fashion For Men
Magazine: Fashion For Men Issue: #2 Model: Arthur Gosse |Major Paris| Photographer: Milan Vukmirovic Breakthrough star of the modeling scene Arthur Gosse connects with photographer Milan Vukmirovic in this elegant Fashion For Men series.
Salvatore Ferragamo Men’s FW2013
Collection: Salvatore Ferragamo Men's Season: Fall Winter 2013.14 Creative Director: Massimiliano Giornetti … 
KRISVANASSCHE FW13 Menswear
Collection: KRISVANASSCHE Menswear Season: Fall Winter 2013.14 … 
Gucci FW13 Menswear
Collection: Gucci Menswear Season: Fall Winter 2013.14 Creative Director: Frida Giannini …
<|endofexample|>
Lou looking forward to teaming up with the Japanese artist again for the range because he "admires" her "endless" energy.
He told vogue.co.uk: "Her energy is just endless.: .
"It continues something I began when I came here which is the idea of art and collaboration, or collaboration with artists.
."
<|endofexample|>
Malibu Beach Recovery Diet™ January 2012 - Creamy Cauliflower Soup, Sea Bass Steamed in Rosemary Oil, Chocolate Mousse
First of all, my best wishes to all of you for a happy, healthy and peaceful New Year. May all your dreams come
true and all your resolutions last more than a month! For me, healthy eating is one of the hardest ones to maintain. Do not get me wrong, I love the farmer’s market and cooking a beautiful dish that makes your heart and your eyes sing, and your body show you endless grattitude. However, our world is surrounded with the worst possible combinations when it comes to food. Do not get me started on the power of an industry that cares more about dollars than it does about a nation’s health. It is mind boggling that we have just come to realize what has litterally been pushed down our throats by unscrupulous corporate giants. And those combinations are addictive and it takes serious willpower to walk away. We have all been made aware of the catastrophic impact of sugar in our lives, and if not, just imagine a four-year old on Halloween night and you pretty much have the picture of what sugar addiction can cause to your mind, body and blood sugar.
Another excess in our food stream is salt, sodium, soy sauce and all other combinations that greatly contribute to
the increase of major diseases as indicated by this article in the NY Times:
.”
Unfortunately, highly processed foods gain in sodium what they lose in potassium, therefore creating an inbalance that puts our health at a higher risk.
Once again, we are reminded that we are the keepers of our bodies and that, if the convenience of eating out, whether fast food or not, is something we have grown accustomed to, the trade-off might be a couple of years shaved off of our life expectancy, whether we like it or not.
The key for me to reclaiming control over our food is to use simple recipes that use fewer ingredients, being able to assess their level of processing and using herbs and spices instead of salt to bring out the true flavors of each ingredient. The following recipes for Creamy Cauliflower Soup, Sea Bass Steamed in Lettuce with Rosemary Oil, and Chocolate Mousse (an MBRC favorite) all have in common is the amazingly clean and strong flavor of each component.
When we compare the ease of preparation and intensity of flavor from a simple meal such as this one, we enter a whole different word of refinement and enjoyment where fast and heavily processed foods will no longer hold their appeal on us.
Click on Continue Reading (below) for the recipes.
Enjoy!
Licia
Cauliflower Soup
Serves 8
Ingredients
- 3 tablespoons olive oil
- 1 medium onion (6 ounces), sliced thin
- 1 head very fresh cauliflower (about 1-1/2 pounds), broken into florets
- Salt, pinch
- 5 1/2 cups water, divided
- Extra virgin olive oil, to taste
- Freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Instructions
-.
Seabass Steamed in Lettuce with Rosemary Oil
Serves 4
Ingredients
- 4 8-oz black or Chilean sea bass fillets (or other delicate white fish)
- 8 large green leaf lettuce leaves
- 2 tsp plus 6 Tbsp rosemary oil, (store bought or make your own below)
Instructions
Remove any little bones from the fish. Season fillets lightly with freshly ground black pepper.
Bring a large pot of water to boil. Add lettuce leaves and boil for one minute or until just pliable.Remove immediately to a colander and rinse under cold water, being carefuk not to tear the leaves. Pat dry with paper towels.
Brush 1/2 tsp rosemary olive oil on each piece of fish. Wrap each fillet in 2 lettuce leaves, pressing them down to tightly and completely enclose fish.
Bring a large pot of water fitted on top with a flat steamer basket to a boil. Place wrapped fish in the basket in a single layer, vocer and cook over medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes.
While fish is cooking, gently heat 6 Tbsp rosemary oil in a small pot with 3 Tbsp water and a pinch of salt. Keep warm.
Carefully remove fish from steamer and transfer to plates. Drizzle warm sauce over the fish and serve immediately.
Rosemary Oil
Ingredients
- 1 large bunch fresh rosemary
- 1 cup good quality extra virgin olive oil
Separate rosemary leaves from the stems. Pack a 1/4 cup measure tightly with rosemary leaves. Wash and dry well.
Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Place rosemary in boiling water and cook for 30 seconds. Drain in sieve under cold water. Dry with paper towels. Plae rosemary in blender with olive oil. Process until rosemary is finely chopped. Transfer contents to a bowl or to a jar with a lid. Let sit 3 hours, stirring frequently, or shaking the jar.
Strain the oil through a paper coffee filter or a fine-mesh sieve. Place in a jar, adding a few rosemary branches if desired. Store tightly covered in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
French Chocolate Mousse
Ingredients
- 8 oz bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces
- 2 tsp vanilla extract
- 8 Tbsp unsalted butter
- 8 large egg yolks
- 5 large egg whites
Instructions
- Place the chocolate, butter and vanilla in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Let alone until chocolate is melted. Stir until completely smooth
- Combine the egg yolks in a large bowl and beat until smooth. Beat in the chocolate while still lukewarm.
- Place the egg whites in a large bowl and beat until stiff but not dry.
- Add one third of the whites to the chocolate mixture and slowly mix it in to lighten the mass. Pour the rest of the whites in the bowl and carefully mix it in with a spatula until no streaks of white are visible.
- Pour into a serving dish and refrigerate for 2 hours or longer.
<|endofexample|>
Celebrate and share the joy of Independence day by sending Patriotic Greetings and scraps and cards. Enjoy and spread the spirit of Indian Independence. Celebrate this August 15th with patriotic Independence Greeting messages, Orkut scrap messages and comments to wish your friends and fellow Indian's a great independance day.
Independence day Greeting Cards, Independence day Scraps and other patriotic messages to wish Happy Independence day. Lets remember the great souls who fought for our freedom. Independence Day Greetings 2010
<|endofexample|>
This week my husband is on Spring Break and so begins a week of divide and conquer parenting, one of my very favorite things. He had a bunch of un-fun errands to run today, so he took Bub (no spring break for him!) to school while I get to hang out with my best girl and buy last minute things for everyone Easter baskets, (including my husband as we still get baskets for each other.)
I’ve got several things to do with just Bub, including a Chuck E. Cheese birthday party and an Easter egg dying playdate, both of which are considerably harder to manage with the little brunette tornado in tow.
AND, as if I planned it that way, the kids have their dentist appointments on Friday so we can all go together and spend some quality time listening to the hygienists tell Bub that he’s frightening all of the other patients, so if he could just take his freak out down a notch, everyone would appreciate it.
We’ve also made a list of fun things to get done, like starting a little container garden (I’m mostly excited about the cute garden stakes I found,) and maybe a little day trip later in the week. You know, because nothing will be crowded while half of the world is on Spring Break. (I’m lobbying for a trip to the corner park, because crowds make me twitchy.)
Of course we have Easter this weekend, which means lots of spoiling from the grandparents, and Easter egg hunts galore.
What’s on your agenda for the week?
Fun that you and your husband get each other Easter baskets! That reminds me, we need to pick them up for our kids!!!
that reminds me...I need to order more easter baskets!
Please let me know how that container garden works. We live in an apartment and I miss my garden.
We are going to Northern California for the week! Very excited
You are too adorable with trading baskets. You probably do stockings for each other too, huh? I'm getting a special basket for my husband because his birthday falls on Easter this year. I'll be the only one without a basket on Sunday...first world problems, I know.
My girl's spring break isn't until the 9th so a very normal week is planned for us until Friday where we kick off birthday weekend! Date dinner on Fri, Angels game on Saturday, and Easter brunch on Sunday. Fun, fun.
Oh yes, we do stockings. Ours are bigger than the kid's! My husband takes his holiday gift giving very seriously.
P.S. I want to know about the container garden too! Tutorial please!
We had spring break last week, and it was a blast. I'm thinking I might still sneak over to the pool with Tyler today. :)
The weather is perfect this week! My husband has been going everyday.
We have Spring Break next week, which means Grandma has the kids All. The. Time. ugh LOL Except for one day, my gracious sister is taking all of them to Legoland.
Our Spring Break is next week and we have nothing planned but I couldn't be happier. Though we are going to stay in Newport for Easter so that should be fun!
I Love the photos! We're laying low this Spring Break...but definitely celebrating Easter with brunch and some fun activities for the kids
<|endofexample|>
J.T. asks from Oradell, NJ on April 19, 2012
Do You Expect Your Children to Be Better or Worse off Financially?
I've heard our kids are the first generation that likely won't have a higher standard of living than their parents. I tend to agree and I worry about it a lot. How do you feel? It's one reason I didn't want more than 2 children but it seems like most people don't think that way. I also continue to work bc I got lucky with my job and figure they likely won't be as lucky so want to save money to help them if they need it. Not spoil them... But help with a downpayment on a house or something like that. I don't want to see either of my daughters really really struggling to have a decent life. Does any one else worry so much? I tend to think our expectations of lifestyle are set by how we grow up. I'm better off financially as an adult than my parents were so while some people may think I'm "poor", relative to how I grew up I feel good. I have friends though who grew up with fairly wealthy parents and now my friends are struggling a bit and I think how much harder it must be on them. They probably had a different set of expectations going into adulthood... So part of me watches how we do things like vacations bc I dont' want my kids to be so used to really nice vacations in case they can't afford that when they grow up. Am I crazy?
So What Happened?™
Nikki - I forget there are perfect people like you. But maybe I don't think your lifestyle is such a success.... Glad you do. And I don't think they're going to be failures!!! I just know of and hear of many many people who are super smart and have Phd's etc who are struggling. My husband has people apply for jobs at his company he interviews who are brilliant with Phd's from places like MIT and they can't find a decent job! That scares me. It has NOTHING to do with thinking my kids are going to be losers. It has to do with even if they're very accomplished, it seems like they might still struggle. Read this board and how many people seem very stressed out. I guess all those people didn't have perfect parents like yours or are losers since they're are struggling...
My question isn't about enabling my kids to be dependent on me or not ambitious. It's wondering if people think their kids are going to have the same, better or lesser standard of living. That's all!
ETA: Nikki - I didn't say I expect my children won't be able to take care of themselves. Geez. There's a difference between being self sufficient and really struggling though. And you again are saying I'm a bad mother. "You hope my children can overcome this." My horrible, horrible motherign skills... So many things I could say to you from reading your posts/answers and seeing your picture but I won't. I didn't know being pregnant makes people mean.
And I didn't say no vacations of course.
Thank you for the other encouraging answers. A lot of good points and insights.
More Answers
B.B. answers from San Antonio on April 19, 2012
I teach 10th graders, and I have two children of my own. I don't think you are crazy at all. I honestly believe (totally my opinion) that the top three things that we can do for our children, in the hopes of their being better off than our generation are:
1. Instill a good work ethic. FAR too many kids miss school or assignments because mom or dad come to pick them up to take them to lunch, they stay out late on a Thursday to go to a midnight showing of a movie with their parents, or they just "don't feel like coming to school" so their parents let them stay home. This is doing nothing (in my opinion) other than setting them up to believe that when they get to college, and the professor won't hound them about coming to class, or missing assignment deadlines, that they will be able to explain their way out of it. I understand the occasional lunch, or mommy and me day, but, seriously, it happens all together WAY too often.
2. Establish financial responsibility at a young age. I watch parents in stores (and please understand, I am by NO means saying I am perfect - far from it) buy their kids toys to get them to stop whining - rewarding bad behavior. I also see students in classes that can't afford deoderant, but they have the latest I-phone. Priorities. Teach them to save - not live paycheck to paycheck. I did that for FAR too many years of my life, and I pray my kids never will.
3. Stop saving them every time they fail. Learning how to overcome failure or things that don't go according to plan is part of life. I have parents call me after their child fails a quiz, which is not the end of the world, and want them to do re-takes or corrections, which goes against our policy that is handed out in the syllabus in the start of the year. It sounds like a minor thing, but life doesn't always give do-overs. Instead have them learn from their mistakes. Correct it, on their own, and see where they went wrong. That, in the end, will teach them problem solving skills, which will take them much further in life than my quiz ever will.
Just my opinion. Hoping for the best for you and yours.
B
18 moms found this helpful
T.F. answers from Dallas on April 19, 2012
Ok, first of all.... hormones must be getting to Nikki these last few days so take her advice with a grain of salt... move on. I am sure I will be attacked next.
********************************************************************************
Your question... I feel like a lot of it depends on how the children are raised, what their expectations are and how hard they want to work to achieve their goals.
Do I think my daughter will have the current lifestyle we have right now when she is out of college... I don't know. There are too many factors into play right now.
I was raised in a divorced family, split and divided every weekend with one side pulling against the other... UGH I was not raised in a wealthy home or lifestyle. I started working at 13 to get the he-- OUT of the situation as I saw it and I worked my way through college with academic scholarships and paying my way through.
Move ahead... I am also married (23 yrs) to a high achiever, smart man, educated from 2 of the best colleges in the nation. He too, came from a broken home and he managed to pay his way through college on a golf scholarship and maintain good grades.
We have a 17 yr old daughter (one child by choice). College, hard work, good work ethic has been modeled to her since day 1. College was never an option in her mind... her mindset is which one and she only wants to go to a top 25. Her college fund, wedding and house fund are not "my kid's a loser fund, Nikki". We choose NOT to allow her to come out of college with hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt. That is no way to start out.
So, some say we spoil her and yes, she is a good kid and she lives a very good life, we all do, debt free. But we live this life because we have sacrificed, worked our butts off to make it happen. Failure is not an option and we don't give up.
To other naysayers, yes, we took care of ourselves as well for retirement.
Is our life perfect, Lord no... who's is? We have just done the best we can to our ability to provide the absolute best for our family.
We started up our own company a few yrs ago in the middle of all the crappy economic times.. Fortunately, we have done well and it is growing like crazy. Side note;;;;; we are in raw materials and the manufacturing business in the US is booming. Our sales are up over 20% from first quarter last year as in a high level 6 figure sales number.
We started saving for her college fund before she was born -- at this time, even with some down markets and us pumping in more $$ she should be fully funded and if she gets a scholarship, which is likely, that is great! Any monies leftover will go to her children.
Our planning goes into our grandchildren's lives at this point (that is IF daughter chooses to have children). If not, she will be able to make those decisions when the time comes.
I believe any child can be a success and "do better" than the generation before him/her if they are in a good environment with strong parental support (yes, $ helps). Maybe fully finding a college is not for everyone and you don't have to be wealthy to establish a successful mindset in children. Children need a good basis from parents because many people who started with nothing have become quite successful.
Sorry for the length.... Just my 2 cents.
18 moms found this helpful
T.N. answers from Albany on April 19, 2012
I think kids coming of age in the current environment of economic distress and high unemplyment rates are ready for it. After all, they've been surrounded by the Bad News as long as they can remember. I think it will make them clever, and scrappy, and flexible. They've never lived in a time of excess, a thriving economy, too many jobs for people qualified for them.
It is human nature to overcome. And I think they are going to move us all forward with their new thinking, with their new technology, of their LACK OF FEAR.
I've got three older teenagers. They are poised and ready to take the reins. With the prefered type of communication, dress, attitude that is foreign to us. THey have spirit and determination. I am very excited for them.
I don't think you're crazy, but I DO think you are not seeing the world through Fresh Eyes the way they do.
Not that there won't be bumps in the road but I think they will endure, J.. I really do.
:)
13 moms found this helpful
S.B. answers from Houston on April 19, 2012
Wow Nikki, that was uncalled for. In this economic climate, I'm concerned. My daughter graduates college, nope not a loser Nikki! She has had some interviews but no offers. We think one is coming in the next week or so, but I understand what you are saying.
If you look at the unemployment rate of citizens under the age of 25 it is staggering. Even among college graduates. However, we have told our kids that a job is a job and a stepping stone. It may not be your "dream" job but it can help you get to your dream job. That is how I look at this.
I was raised in a comfortable household as was my husband. When we got married our lifestyle went drastically down because hey we had no money. We are teaching that with our kids as well. Great to have with Mom and Dad, but you will have to provide these things for yourself. If your kids struggle that is part of learning. Its not always going to be perfect and they are going to have to learn that. Use these as teachable moments. I do!!!
10 moms found this helpful
T.K. answers from Dallas on April 19, 2012
Ya'll quit yelling at my friend Nikki. She's pregnant! She gets to be a little emotional. :)
J., I understand your point. I'm irritated that my generation (I'm 40) isn't able to achieve what the one before us did. What does that say about what our kids are walking into?
I personally grew up poor and have far eclipsed my parents lifestyles, but I'm jealous of the people that came before me.
In the Golden Era - You were considered middle class if dad worked at the factory. WIth that one income he was somehow able to buy a house in the suberbs, a shiny new Ford and put his kids through College. There was a 2 week vacation to Niagra Falls or Yellowstone. He belonged to a Union and had a great retirement fund and insurance. Working at the plant all your life used to be considered salt of the Earth, humble, blue collar lifestyle. Now, I look at those jobs with envy. This guys had it made!
Now, it takes both our incomes to keep food on the table and provide the basics. We're praying for gifted kids that can earn scholarships. No 2 week vacations. No retirement fund. No insurance. When my generation retires it's going to be rough.
So, my expectation for my kids is they will thrive in that bad climate. But my fear for my kids is that it will be harder for them even than it has been for us.
9 moms found this helpful
☆.A. answers from Pittsburgh on April 19, 2012
You know, I suspect you might just be listening to a lot of doom and gloom.
I think we all worry about our kids and their future. I tend to worry more about the character of their generation than the dollars and cents.
Some good advice before buying what the media is selling, is to stop and look around you. Like I've said before about the media barrage, I don't see muggings in my street, break ins in my neighborhood, children getting yanked into vans. Yes, bad things happen, they always have, but I don't 'expect' them.
There have always been the cases of kids who far surpass their parent and cases of kids that flounder and never launch.
Sooooo.....what to do to help make sure your kids have the brightest future possible?
•Live on less than you make & teach them the same principles
•Save for college NOW. Don't wait.
•Teach them the 3 uses for money: save, spend, give (and model your behavior to reflect them).
"Hard" is a relative term. Hard can be good. Hard can make you grow.
Hard can build character.
Smart choices is what it's about--whether they make 20K per year or 200K per year--they can be happy & OK.
I think if the next generation can plan for the worst and expect the best, they'll be OK. :)
9 moms found this helpful
J.W. answers from St. Louis on April 19, 2012
Actually I am from the first generation who was predicted to not achieve a higher standard of living than my parents and I am 44. I am equal to my parents as is my brother and I feel pretty good about that.
I sometimes wonder if my peers don't get it because they have the same this or that that their parents have but forget they have monster mortgages and don't pay cash for their cars. I guess I am saying is those that think they are better off than their parents have never balanced the equation.
I think the next generation is just slated not to borrow their way into equal so it will be more apparent.
The thing when you look at your kids is will they feel poor? We determine our standard of living by looking at our parents and our peers. If everyone has less it will be the same so they will be fine, ya know?
8 moms found this helpful
R.J. answers from Seattle on April 19, 2012
<grin> I think this is one of those rare q's that everyone has a piece of the answer. LOVE those.
So yeah, things are diverging to create a new whole.
My dog in this fight is Theresa's.
People keep griping about 'entitled' kids, and I think they're dead wrong. I think the CREDIT CARD generation, who only measure upto their parents success via borrowing (Jo Ws bottom line) were the entitled ones. I think kids these days are scrappy and smart and creative.
I think your kids and Nikki's kids will both be successful, with parents doing things completely differently to reach the same end. And because of that divergence competition and paths are going to be very different, with the SAME result. Successful kids.
Our culture really stagnated for a couple generations, happens all the time with empires. Those that collapse stay stuck, those that diversify? Usually they avoid wars and collapse.
The thing is, when everyone is on the same path, middle class & 'success' shrink dramatically, while poverty gets out of control. We've seen that start here. But, somehow, we shifted.. Culturally speaking.
Look at the school choices: public, private, parochial, charter, secular, religious, homeschool, boarding school. That's REALLY foundational when you're looking at creating different paths to the same goal.
Look at media. No longer that massive conglomerate only, but freelance, bloggers, YouTube, Internet, etc.
Look at geography. Free movement of people is VITAL to growth. Every time a culture stagnates, one constant (amongst many) is that people stop relocating. Even our own short history, you can see it. The more people move about WITHIN a society (Im not talking about conquest), the more they create opportunities, instead of waiting for someone else to offer them one).
The list goes on and on... But it basically boils down to gumption. As a society, when people have to get creative, it shakes everything up, normalizes 'success' again. And when people get complacent, it stagnates. And when people get desperate... They revolt.
I think the next 2 generations have some REAL surprises up their sleeves for us. Regardless of whether it's families pooling resources, or individuals getting scrappy and creative... The next 2 generations are going to do some amazing things.
((sorry I couldn't reference everyone, I'm on my phone and the scrolling works worse than my memory... But really... I think EVERYONE is right. It's way cool.))
8 moms found this helpful
<|endofexample|>
J.H. asks from Columbus, OH on February 10, 2008
First Sleepover : / What Is a Mom to Do?
My 6 year old daughter was invited to a sleepover which will be in a few weeks. I am very hesitant to let her go! NO, I'm not one the those mothers who keeps her child in a bubble, but I do teach at the same school that she attends and am not sure that this particular little friend is the best choice for a sleepover! I wouldn't mind if she goes to the party but as for a sleepover I'm leaning on the "no" side! When did you feel comfortable letting your child go to a sleepover? I'm very unsure with the world the way it is to let her go anywhere without family or close friends. I can't very well question the little girl's mother without worries that she may feel judged since I work at the same school, but I don't want my daughter punished for my fears! Any good advice would be greatly apperciated!
Featured.P. answers from Indianapolis on February 11, 2008
Dear J.,
Unless you know the family well that has invited her, I myself would advise you not to let her go.
Or you could just let her go for the evening, maybe until 10 or so, and then pick her up.
That is what I did for my granddaughter last year.
As for you "judging" her mother, you have every right to know exactly what environment she will be in.
And, if it does not jibe with what you feel is appropriate, then so be it.
Better safe than sorry.
1 mom found this helpful
More Answers
G.M. answers from Indianapolis on February 11, 2008
You are exactly right to feel protective....and it is good to have your standards and stick with them. Others may not agree with you...that is their choice! You don't need to apologize for not allowing your daughter to participate in the sleepover. Giving made-up reasons is not being honest...such as saying your family is going out of town. There may be another similar invitation to deal with down the road. So, be honest and direct with the mother..."we do not participate in sleepovers." If you and your daughter feel inclined, send a small gift. It is o.k. for your daughter to learn at a young age, "I can say No"..."I don't have to do everything others ask...especially when there's a question of safety!" After the initial disappointment has worn off, you may find out that you have relieved your daughter of fears and anxiety. This is a great teaching moment!
3 moms found this.Z. answers from Fort Wayne on February 11, 2008
That is about the age my 11y.o. daughter was asked to her first sleepover. I will say, sleepovers are a common occurance in this day and age...I've told my daughter I can remember 2, maybe 3 slumber partied I went to in my youth - and she gets invited to 1-2 "slumber parties" (more than 1 girl)a month.
I have on a couple occassions told our daughter that she can go for the evening festivities and picked her up as late as 11pm. (esp. at this age) She also knows if for ANY reason, she wants to come home, she just needs to call us and we will be there immediatly.
She knows our ground rules...and she learned them at a young age...a parent MUST be in the home, (no older sibling in charge)and no sleepovers in a home where there may be a male IN THE HOME that is not related to the family. There is one family we deal with and mom has "rotating" men in her life - luckily, I am not the only parent feeling this way, and the mother has been asked by us on slumber party nights to have no "friends" in the house, and she has obliged. Also, at that particular home, our daughter can only go if it is a party - not by herself. I ALWAYS call and talk to a parent if I feel the need or have any ?'s - and have never felt like they were insulted in any way. Responsible parents understand our caution in todays world.
It is a great time to socialize, make friends, gain confidence in ones' self, and just have fun. BUT ALWAYS TRUST YOUR INSTINCTS! I am willing to bet that there are other moms feeling just like you...and there may be more than 1 mom picking their daughter up before bedtime - esp. at this young age. Good luck, and trust in yourself! S.
PS Has your daughter ever had a friend over to her house to sleep - that is a great way yo introduce the whole event?
2 moms found this helpful
K.V. answers from Columbus on February 11, 2008
J.,
I am right with you. I have 5 & 7 year old daughters (and a little guy)who were invited to their first sleepover this year. They were so excited about it but I had definite concerns. It was at the house of a girl from their playgroup that we've known for 2 years. I didn't have concerns about their family but I am hypersensitive about dads being there, etc. My husband didn't want them to go. I ended up volunteering to help and spend the night. The girls had a lot of fun but we did talk about staying together, not showing/touching anyone's privates, how to call home, etc. I didn't want to scare them but to me it is just not realistic to trust that everyone is safe. They have spent the night at another playgroup friend's since then. I did feel better that there were two of them. I also reciprocated the sleepover at our house. I actually think these kids are pretty young to do this (some were 4). I'd always error on the side of caution, particularly if you don't know the family well. Maybe make a deal where your daughter could go play for a while (even with you along) but not spend the night. I know it's hard but sometimes you just have to trust your gut. I wouldn't let hurting someone's feelings make you go against your own judgement...you can do it in a kind way.
Good luck!
K.
1 mom found this helpful
C.W. answers from Cincinnati on February 12, 2008
Trust your feelings.
My mother never let me or my sister stay with a family that she didn't trust completely. If she didn't know them personally she would ask around and if she heard one bad word the answer was NO. She also worked at school so she had a broad base on who to ash about other families.
Honestly most sleepovers were here at our house. Then my mother got to know the girls better.
1 mom found this helpful
R.D. answers from Toledo on February 11, 2008
Let her go, She may have the time of her life. Or by bedtime she may be calling you to pick her up. If she does, thats ok, sometimes it takes several sleep overs for a child to get used to being away from home.
1 mom found this helpful
K.M. answers from Indianapolis on February 11, 2008
J., I am a way old Mom with adult children, but I don't think the world has changed So much that your instincts are not dead on! I believe that six years old is just too young for a sleepover...regardless of the situation. And if you do too, that is all you need to say to the mother and your daughter when you RSVP.If your daughter can still be cool with just going to the party and not sleeping over...then fine. Just tell her how much fun it will be when she finally gets to have her first sleepover.(And you'll be in charge!) K.
1 mom found this helpful
H.S. answers from Indianapolis on February 12, 2008
It depends on how well you know the family. Have you ever been to their home? Is this someone that you socialize with outside of school? How far from home will the child be? Has your child ever had a play date with this child? Was the play date at your home or theirs? How well do the girls play together. Is this a slumber party where other children will be there? What other children will be there and does your child get along with them. These are all questions that you should ask yourself. If you have any reservations, try talking to some Mom's of children who have spent the night there before. If it is a slumberparty, talk to the other Mom's of the children that are also going. Still have reservations, maybe you could ask the Mom if you could meet her, or come over to her home for a playdate for a couple of hours with your daughter and get a feel for the situtation. Then you will be able to make your best and most informed decision. Good Luck, and I hope your daughter gets to spend the night, who knows, maybe she will want to come home at 2 a.m. like mine did the first time...lol
1 mom found this helpful
<|endofexample|>
Related Articles
How Did You Cope the First Couple Months?
Natural Products a Cure for Asthma?
How to Care for a 9 Month Old with First Cold???
So We'll Be Taking Our First Big Family Camping Trip
What Are Your TOP 5 Favorite Baby Products?
First Time Breast Feeder Need Major Help
First Home - List of Bills
Need Info. About Safer Cleaning Products for Kids at School
What to Bring My First Time Camping
Traveling for the First Time with Baby
From Around The Web
Sep 12, 2006 ... A baby first aid kit is an essential item to have in your home if you have young children. Learn the benefits of baby scissors and syrup of ...
health.howstuffworks.com
Dec 30, 2008 ... What Goes In Baby's First Aid Kit? ... Cribs & Nursery Products · Best Infant Products · Best Toddler Products · Recalls and Safety ...
babyproducts.about.com
<|endofexample|>
Mammoth Times 2012-02-22T13:27:57-05:00 What's Up, Up Here? All the news and gossip for Jan. 27-Feb. 2 2012-01-27T14:50:47-05:00 2012-02-22T13:27:57-05:00 editor The Forest Service said last week that it is expected to have two projects—including a solar facility at the Mono Lake Visitors Center—connected to the grid soon. The Mono Basin Scenic Area Visitor Center’s solar array was installed in June 2011 as part of a federal green energy stimulus project, but the panels have not been in operation due to an impasse in contract negotiations. … Get well wishes to Maisey Urdi, the very fine Golden Retriever rescue dog who just won’t do “business” unless unleashed. She got tangled up with a car Monday morning during the snowstorm. All is well—no broken bones, but still … Winter finally arrived, but at the Visitors Bureau, the aforementioned Urdi and his gang already are at work on fishing Opening Day set for April 28 this year. They’re going to spice it up, no matter what the conditions. An Opening Day concert and a potential “Adopt-a-Trout” contest are in the works, and that’s just for starters. … Heartfelt sympathy for the family and friends of Sarah Burke, the Canadian freestyle skier who died Jan. 19 from complications of a Jan. 10 head injury in the Park City Mountain Resort Eagle superpipe. appeared regularly at Mammoth Mountain for competitions and training. She was 29. … You’d think, perhaps, that having the Patriots in the Super Bowl is a good thing for New Englanders everywhere, but history says no. Ski resorts in Western Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine will have a dead weekend, no matter what the snow conditions. … Spike Todd is home from the hospital, there’s snow on the ground. Feels like Mammoth. … Big, big rock slide on the Big Oak Flat Road in Yosemite National Park last weekend. Consequently, Yosemite Valley is currently not accessible from Highway 120. Try Highways 140 and 41 for the foreseeable future. Says intrepid Anita Hatter, “Guess what? No matter what, the mountain is always bigger than you.” … Happy Birthday, Jim Stimson! May everyone get a snowstorm on his/her birthday. … From Our Pal Andy Rostar on Facebook: “Just got reprimanded for simply standing at the bus stop at Snowcreek by an obviously lost tourist in a 2wd Escalade, no chains, four feet of snow on her roof, completely covered windshield, windows wide open, and no wipers. As she slid down the hill 50 feet away from me, she yelled, ‘Get outta the road before you get hit!’’’ … This from Cleland Hoff: “Disabled Sports needs volunteers for a Mammoth-Reno-Mammoth drive to transport three mono skis, with skis and outriggers from the Alpine Meadows Adaptive Ski School (DSUSA Far West) for the upcoming Race Camp. The Alpine staff there can have them in Reno for us to pick up. We need them here by Friday evening, Feb. 3, and returned ASAP after 4 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 3. We are looking for any volunteers who might be driving this way in a truck or SUV and be willing to transport!” … It’s worth saying every time we get snow: Public Works Director Ray Jarvis and Maintenance Superintendent Dave Beck have the best snow removal crew this side of Mars. … A little warm-up for the cold and dark nights: the Lone Pine Film Museum will be hosting a 15-week long series of documentary-film screenings and discussions. The selected films will cover a multitude of topics including geopolitics, government corruption, the financial industry, environmental issues, social issues, health care, conspiracy theories, secret societies and alleged cover-ups. The event is open to the public for free. Featured filmmakers: Michael Moore, Al Gore, Peter Joseph, Dylan Avery and other provocative filmmakers. … This from Alana Levin: “Organizers of the Sixth Annual June Lake Triathlon are excited to announce that registration is now open for “The toughest race in the most beautiful place.” Put July 7 on your calendar, and make your 2012 resolution happen!”
<|endofexample|>
Science of apparently astronomical proportions happened last week, with the announcement that Mono Lake harbors arsenic-munching critters in its waters hit the news.
Maybe. Maybe not.
“NASA’s Mono Lake Arsenic Microbes Not Quite as Advertised,” headlined the Tucson Citizen on Dec. 9.
“Serious concerns have been raised about the conclusions,” said Discover Magazine, linking to Guardian.co.uk, an ocean away.
It was a good lesson in how science works.
Science is circular, that’s why they call it “re”-search. When a scientist’s observations are consequential, the next step is to publish them to gather just this sort of criticism. One scientific team’s observation is never good enough, not even if it’s NASA.
The purpose of publication, meanwhile, is to expose new ideas to a larger body of criticism, to generate discussion, to invite replication and to stimulate new questions.
In this way, research gets better.
There’s an aesthetic quality of science, too, which we all experienced last week with the NASA announcement at Mono Lake.
Our imaginations wandered into the future and throughout space, wondering what other living things could be found that integrate improbable elements in their structures.
Imaginations zipped into the past to reassemble the beginnings of life from elements that had not been considered previously. Sulfur-dependent tubeworms and the biocorrosive effects of iron-eating organisms returned to memory.
No observation can ever be considered proven, while just one contrary observation can deliver a knockout to centuries of replicated observations (the world is flat).
Not in spite of, but because of critics, science is still happening, and all is right with the world.
<|endofexample|>
The.”
Inyo National Forest and Devils Postpile National Monument staffs have been working on an inventory of damages, and a strategic plan to complete clean-up and repair work. The strategic plan will identify steps to complete work as quickly as possible, in a manner that will have the least impact on public use this summer, Regelbrugge said.
By taking advantage of the lack of snow, some clean-up work was accomplished in December and January. The Inyo National Forest, Devils Postpile National Monument and Mammoth Mountain Ski Area partnered in this effort. The downed trees have been removed from Reds Meadow Road, Reds Meadow Campground, Rainbow Falls trailhead, and the Ranger Station area and Postpile trail.
The remainder of clean-up and repairs will commence as soon as snow melts and the area can be accessed for work. Recreation sites and trails in the southern portion of Reds Meadow valley will most likely open to the public first, because this is where the snow usually melts the earliest.
Campgrounds and overnight facilities expected to be open first include Reds Meadow Campground and Reds Meadow Resort. The trails to open first are expected to include Rainbow Falls, Devils Postpile and Fish Creek trails.
The earliest day-use sites expected to open would be Sotcher and Starkweather Lakes, and the Ranger Station and picnic areas at Devils Postpile.
Two important variables in regards to the clean-up efforts and damage repair are the weather and funding for the work that needs to be done. The timing of winter storms and snowmelt will dictate when clean-up work can be completed.
The extent of the storms and the timing of the snowmelt can’t be predicted, which means that an exact date for opening Reds Meadow Valley is not known. Both the Forest Service and the Park Service have applied for special funding for clean-up efforts, and are waiting to hear if those funds will be awarded.
Upham said the Inyo National Forest and Devils Postpile National Monument will continue to share updated information about summer recreation in Reds Meadow Valley as clean-up work continues.
For updates and photographs regarding the damage and clean-up efforts, visit. [3]
Links:
[1] mailto:news@mammothtimes.com
[2]
[3]
<|endofexample|>
Year Later, Aetna's Cut-Rate Product Has Few Takers
MANAGED CARE June 2000. ©2000 MediMedia USA
In time, this may prove to be an interesting lesson in marketing. One year ago, Aetna U.S. Healthcare unveiled a bare-bones, low-cost health insurance product it said was a step toward reducing the number of uninsured Americans. Now, the company acknowledges that its experiment has failed to generate much enthusiasm.
Aetna won't say exactly how many people have signed up for its Affordable HealthChoices plans, but admits sales are slow. Aetna blames it on regulators' snail-like pace in approving the product, which is available in only 33 states.
Others in the industry, though, point to the very nature of the program as its weak spot. The three products pay $50 for a physician visit and $500 to $750 a day for the first three days of hospitalization. At the time it was unveiled, some consumer groups warned that enrollees who experienced serious illness or injury would be stuck with huge bills.
Then there are the skeptics, who say Aetna has never really pushed the program hard, using it only to score brownie points in Washington as debate about the uninsured intensified. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Federation of Independent Business, on the other hand, have applauded Aetna for its private-sector attempt to thin the ranks of the uninsured.
Depending on the state, individual premiums range from $46 to $91 a month — far less than other coverage on the individual market. Even so, some observers say it might cost just enough to dissuade small employers and the near-poor who don't qualify for Medicaid from joining.
Some worried that larger employers would abandon richer benefit structures for the stripped-down model, but that seems not to have happened. The Aetna plan's seaworthiness may be better gauged in weaker economic times.
<|endofexample|>
MANAGED CARE February 2013. ©MediMedia USA
Biologics in Development
Another Cancer Vaccine, Another Retreat
As anyone who has watched the field with some regularity knows, cancer immunotherapy is a tough field to hoe. Provenge is the only therapeutic vaccine for cancer to make it all the way to U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval, and it’s struggling to gain market share. Many more — see GVAX, Canvaxin, and FavID — looked lively in phase 2 studies, only to die a quiet death after fizzling in phase 3.
Add Stimuvax to the list of those stumbling on a bigger stage. Merck and Oncothyreon’s immunotherapy for patients with unresectable, stage 3 non–small-cell lung cancer failed to demonstrate a statistically significant overall survival benefit compared with placebo. Though researchers said they would pull back to take a closer look at favorable data in some study populations, the FDA rarely approves a drug on the basis of subgroup analyses if it missed its primary endpoint.
“It’s now becoming clear that therapeutic cancer vaccines might be most efficacious in earlier-stage cancers, after they are treated and have minimum residual disease,” analyst Dee Kotak wrote on Seeking Alpha’s Web site in the days that followed. Some vaccine developers have made the same contention: Get in early to give the immune system time to rev up. But payers, who tend to view Provenge’s cost as additive to — rather than in place of — chemotherapies, are likely to look for hard evidence of earlier-stage efficacy and cost offsets before giving high-cost immunotherapies favorable formulary positions.
Still, the field remains a hotbed of research, with clinical trials underway for therapeutic vaccines designed to treat bladder, blood, brain, breast, cervical, kidney, lung, skin, pancreatic, and prostate cancers.
Ovarian cancer drug fails
Eisai faces the same challenge that Merck and Oncothyreon share — making lemonade out of patient subset data — after its ovarian cancer candidate, farletuzumab, went sour in an 1,100-patient trial. Farletuzumab failed to show a statistically significant progression-free survival benefit in women with relapsed disease. The Japanese manufacturer said it would evaluate what it believes may be encouraging subpopulation outcomes to determine a new development strategy for the molecule.
Gilead closer to hep C filing
Gilead released positive topline results of the first of three phase 3 trials of sofosbuvir (formerly GS-7977), part of an all-oral, interferon-free regimen for hepatitis C. In patients with genotypes 2 and 3, a cocktail of sofosbuvir and ribavirin left no detectable sign of the disease in 78 percent of patients after 12 weeks.
Gilead will roll out data from two more phase 3 studies this year, with an eye toward a mid-year FDA filing.
Did you hear?
An FDA advisory committee voted 14–0 to recommend approval of GlaxoSmithKline’s H5N1 avian flu vaccine. The unanimous vote stood in contrast to 2007, when the world was in panic over bird flu and hungry for any vaccine. At the time, Sanofi Pasteur sent the FDA a first-generation H5N1 vaccine that provided protection to only 45 percent of adults who got the highest dose. The FDA held its nose and approved the Sanofi vaccine anyway, conceding that it was safe but not necessarily effective.
Another FDA advisory committee voted 8–4 to recommend approval of Novo Nordisk’s long-acting insulin analogue, degludec (Tresiba), but attached what could be a costly string: Concerned about heart risks, the panel also agreed to recommend that Novo Nordisk conduct a cardiovascular study prior to formal marketing approval. Should the FDA ultimately require the study, it could delay the launch of degludec by as much as a year.
Now that natalizumab (Tysabri) is marketed with a test to detect whether a patient harbors the John Cunningham virus (JCV), Biogen Idec wants the FDA’s blessing for first-line use of the powerful multiple sclerosis drug. Natalizumab is generally reserved for patients with advanced cases of relapse-remitting MS because it carries the risk of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML). Exposure to JCV is required for the development of PML.
—Michael D. Dalzell
CML=chronic myeloid leukemia, DMARD=disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, CRL=complete response letter, NDA=new drug application, PDUFA=prescription drug user fee act, PFS=progression-free survival, Ph+ALL=Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia, RA=rheumatoid arthritis, TK=tyrosine kinase.
Sources: FDA, FierceBiotech, manufacturers’ news releases, product labeling, SEC filings, weblogs, and wire reports.
All clinical trials described in this column are phase 3, randomized, controlled studies unless otherwise specified.
- Login or register to post comments
Printer-friendly version
-
<|endofexample|>
There is something about this summer that perfectly suits the bittersweet musical landscape that is surrounding it. Recently Manchester has played host to a fantastic array of truly unique, production based, electronic-fused, sample lead bands. Another to grab our attention with their fibre-optic fingers is Active Child.
According to the Gospel of St Wiki, Active Child is the working name of electronic music artist Pat Grossi. Hailing from Los Angeles Grossi was a child choirist and the music he makes is heavily inspired by this experience. His music lies somewhere between Tears For Fears and Hurts, all be it more elegantly laid back.
His sound is really quite wide ranging and has lead to him providing support for acts such as James Blake, White Lies and even M83, who he toured with late last year.
It has the atmosphere of a spiritual retreat, without any of the dodgy, untrustworthy elements; less beards and brown sandals (though he does on occasion sport a beard), more 5am sunrise induced euphoria peppered with the icy chill of a light and constant rainfall.
Following the release of to well received EPs, Sun Rooms and Curtis Lane, Active Child has released his debut album You Are All I See, in November 2011. According to the Active Child website: ‘.”’
All of these themes, sounds and ideas can be heard when Active Child play Friday 6th July hosted by Now Wave
Soup Kitchen
31-33 Spear Street, M1 1DF
Tickets available here
<|endofexample|>
Euronews has teamed up with Google to launch an award recognising the best small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) that use the internet to attract new customers.
The prizes include the creation of a mini-documentary about the winning business that will be aired on Euronews’ network, a bespoke online training session from Google experts and an all-expenses paid trip to Brussels. Other prizes include Galaxy Nexus smartphones and Google Chromebooks.
The two companies are calling for Europe’s best internet-based SMEs to submit short one minute videos telling the story of their business via a dedicated channel on YouTube. The video should detail the company’s activity, the state of the market they operate in and the company’s objectives and strategies. It should also detail which internet tools have helped them grow their businesses.
The three categories for the award scheme are ‘Women in Business’ open to female SME owners, ‘Going International’ for SMEs which have made the leap from local to international as a result of the internet and ‘Growing Online’ open to SMEs that have improved efficiency or sales because of the web.
A jury of industry professionals will select a shortlist which will then be voted on by the general public. The awards ceremony will take place in Brussels on October 17 during European SME Week..
<|endofexample|>
Security advisories
Updates for both security and non-functional packages, are essential for a smooth-running system. Mandriva recommends that all users upgrade to the packages issued by any advisory to prevent problems with your system and unauthorized intrusion or denial of service attacks.
Please note: While Mandriva supports a large number of Mandriva Linux distributions, not all are supported. If you are currently using an unsupported distribution, please upgrade to a more recent version to ensure you continue to obtain timely updates.
Security update advisories are sent to the security announce mailing lists.
Please review the product lifetime policy so you are aware of when updates support for your particular distribution will cease.
Currently Supported Products
Unsupported (Legacy) Products
Please report any bugs you find to our Bugzilla database. If you find any serious security flaws in packages we ship, please send an email to security_(at)_mandriva.com instead and it encrypt it with the security team's public key.
All security announcements and updated RPMs are signed with the GPG key of the Mandriva Security Team which is available for download. The details of the key are :
pub 1024D/22458A98 2000-07-10 Linux Mandrake Security Team Key fingerprint = BB73 7822 CB91 B327 2191 68CC 9AA8 D0D0 2245 8A98 sub 1024g/6F3F9BC6 2000-07-10
<|endofexample|>
Report by Vivek CPics by Michael RodriguesTeam Mangalorean Udupi
Udupi: A house near Vidhyodhaya Public School, udupi was robbed by four people in broad daylight on Friday July 13, 2012.
In a very dramatic scene, the thieves had entered the house of Suryakumar Shet and tied up his worker, Ananth and Suryakumar ,and looted jewellery and other valuables worth lakhs of rupees.
Both Ananth and Suryakumar who are aged ,have been hospitalized to recover from this shocking incident. The value of the goods stolen is yet to be known.
Ananth had a hobby of collecting coins ,and four strangers had approached him a couple of days back to get few coins.. It has been suspected that these are the people who might have planned this robbery.
Udupi Town police sub inspector Girish, other police officers, canine squad and fingerprint experts visited the spot . A complaint has been lodged in Udupi town police station.
<|endofexample|>
Not a bad chapter, but i had expected a little more after 2 weeks of anticipation, guy saved it, but i would still only give it a 3.5-4/5. I wanted to see more of Naruto (showing strength) as opposed to breaking his ankle.
It does show something though, Naruto will need to combine sage mode with Kyuubi mode in order to be able to withstand the stress on his body from the extra movement. So sage mode is not dead, and i guess that his Kyuubi power will help somehow in overcomming the time duration issue involed with Sage mode.
Gai having a turtle as a summons is funny, as guy who's life moto is to expend youthfull energy gets such a slow and cumbersome summon animal.
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
this is the real deal, or not.
in your opinion, who is the biggest faggot in NARUTO?
i know..uchihas are the leaders of the peloton (sorry uchihatards!!!!!or not....) however the race is not over.
we have tobi, (you know why right?), sasuke (when oro showed up (that one was priceless)..when someone shows something new (danzou appearing behind him, full 8-T, even against zabuza and haku, itachi's susano'o and coming closer to sasuke ETC)), oro himself (he only had the guts to face konoha with 2 villages by is side (well i know that nobody is as strong as nagato, but...), facing sandaime only when he was old as hell etc), kabuto (running from kakashi), sakura (no need to explain), danzou and hanzou ( (and pretty much anyone that was there, no matter who it was) running from nagato (he was still a kid and hanzou was considered the strongest in the world. and both of them were always with security) and danzou's flashback), all the uchihas in general (besides itachi. they were faggots always smilling to the village but trying to do sheit in the shadows and..they are "the" uchihas.lol) etc etc.
please vote and leave your opinion. i have a lot of doubts: tobi or sasuke?well.. uchihas in general.lol
and yes..i am awsome.
Bookmarks
<|endofexample|>
William
Eggers
Reviews
Media
Author Q&A
Book Tour
Talking Points
Back to MI
Lindsay Young Craig
Vice President,
Communications & Marketing,
Manhattan Institute
212-599-7000
Book Info:
Available at
Amazon.com
Available at
Barnes and Noble
ISBN: 0-7425-4175-4
Hardcover
Government 2.0:
Using Technology to Improve Education, Cut Red Tape, Reduce Gridlock,
and Enhance Democracy
(Rowman
& Littlefield Publishers, January 2005)
By William D. Eggers
BOOK TOUR
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
MAY
JUNE
AUGUST
SEPTEMBER
<|endofexample|>
The disgruntled spirit come back to take revenge is nothing new and even the 'phone angle' has already been done. What little is left is a taut cat-and-mouse game between murderous ghosts and hapless heroines. But even that is plagued by pacing issues and a difficulty in differentiating faces, as all the women look alike. While the first story provides the foundation, it's in the second story that we get any answers and the plot becomes somewhat easier to follow. Sadly, the second and last segment suffers even more from character overcrowding. It takes some re-reading to catch all the plot points and it's only then that the reader can start to appreciate the ghost's origins and its modus operandi.
One Missed Call tries to be terrifying, but largely fails due to a muddled storyline, unwieldy cast and frenzied pacing. This title can only be recommended to hardcore horror fans and just barely at that.
<|endofexample|>
Here's another batch of Grand Theft Auto V screenshots. This is the third set of shots the hitherto secretive Rockstar has shown this week, following Monday's Transport , and Leisure on Wednesday. As always, click the images below for full-size versions. Still no news of a release date or even target platforms, of course.
<|endofexample|>
Greg Paulus and Nick DeBruyn of No Regular Play met as 8 year olds. Picking up inspiration from hip-hop and jazz legends such as A Tribe Called Quest, J Dilla, Miles Davis and Herbie Hancock, Greg performed trumpet at local jazz clubs in his teenage years and together they traveled to Cuba’s Havana to study Afro-Cuban rhythm, music and culture. In 2006 Nick joined Greg in Brooklyn to begin experimenting with electronic music after they attended a Wolf Lamb party that blew their minds. Two years later, they met Zev and Gadi of Wolf Lamb, and immediately began a very close musical and personal relationship. Consequently No Regular Play was born, stylistically touching on a wide range of influences focused around live instrumentation, which is also used in their live sets. Join us as KONTROL presents No Regular Play with a very special LIVE performance and DJ set alongside Baez at Mansion Nightclub in Miami Beach.
<|endofexample|>
Because my wife and I are committed to "travelling light" as much as possible, sometimes our essential sporting equipment -tennis racquets- don't always get inside the bag. So carrying racquets as carry-on pieces and then strapping them outside the bag while getting to our room has had pleasant unplanned consequences. We have been approached by perfect strangers inviting us for a social mixed doubles on the hotel courts, day and night, adding a special dimension to experiencing a new country and culture. We are sure that the Aussie flag stuck on our bags didn't hurt either! One couple brought a tear to our eyes when on our last evening, court side at a Hawaii hotel, they produced a little cooler with a six-pack of Fosters cans! (In case we were a little homesick!) Sport...just brings people(s) together.
<|endofexample|>
Maplandia.com in partnership with Booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in Boersch, from affordable family hotels to the most luxurious ones. Booking.com, being established in 1996, is longtime Europe’s leader in online hotel reservations. See the overview of Boersersch, only hotels with the highest level of guest satisfaction are included. Many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. Luxury hotels (including 5 star hotels and 4 star hotels) and cheap Boersch hotels (with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals) are both available in separate lists.
With Maplandia.com and Booking.com the best price is guaranteed! Boersch hotel deals include also long stay accommodation Boersch offers. Take advantage of our exclusive offers and long stay discounts for selected Boersch hotels' suites.
Unbiased Boersch hotel reviews written by real guests and many hotel photos are provided to help you make your booking decision.
Boersch is located in Molsheim, Bas-Rhin, Alsace, France.
List of all hotels in Boersch. By default, Boersch hotels are sorted by class: the most luxurious hotels in Boersch are listed first. You can change the sorting order using the navigation bar above. By clicking the first (leftmost) button you can interchange the direction of sorting between ascending/descending.
There are separate sections devoted to Boersch luxury hotels and Boersch cheap hotels.
Located in a nineteenth-century abbey, this guest house is located on the Wine Route of Alsace, 5 km from the station to Obernai. A breakfast is served every morning and the rooms have views of the garden. Number of rooms: 2.
This charming hotel is situated in the green surroundings at the foot of Mount St. Odile (Mont Saint Odile) and is situated between the tourist route through the Alsace.
This 2 star hotel is located within a forest of 40 hectares, on the Wine Route of Alsace. It offers rooms and serviced apartments feature a flat-screen TVs and free Wi-Fi.
This charming 4 star hotel is situated at the foot of Mont Sainte-Odile, 20 minutes drive from Strasbourg and Colmar. It is located in a park of 6 hectares and has a spa...
The hotel L'Ami Fritz welcomes you at the foot of Mount St. Odile in Alsace, in a stone building from the 18th Century. The hotel offers free wireless internet access and free parking.
This elegant mansion located in the quiet rural village of Ottrott. It offers a truly breathtaking view of Mont Sainte Odile. All rooms in the Aux Chants des Oiseaux have free WiFi, air conditioning and private bathroom.
In Ottrot only 5 minutes from Obernai, offers the Le Beau Site en suite rooms with flat screen TV and free wireless internet access. Some rooms also persuade with air conditioning and a balcony.
Located on the Route des Vins d'Alsace, these apartments are just 1 km from the center of Obernai. You can also discover Strasbourg, which is 27 km away.
We search over 500 approved car hire suppliers to find you the very best Boersch rental prices available. You can compare offers from leading car hire suppliers like Avis, Europcar, Sixt or Thrifty as well as budget rental deals from Holiday Autos, Budget, Economy, EasyCar, or 121 carhire. Choose Boersch car hire supplier according to your preferences. The booking process is secured and is made as simple as possible. You don't have to browse through several websites and compare prices to find cheap car hire at Boersch - we will do it for you!
In the following list, car rental offices nearest to Boersch are sorted by the approximate distance from thi city centre.
Maplandia.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with Google.
Copyright © 2005 maplandia.com. All rights reserved. | news | faq | contact us | RSS | XHTML & CSS
<|endofexample|>
Located in Kotor, Kotor Hotel offers rooms decorated in a unique and distributed in three restored buildings of the eighteenth century. It has a casino and a nightclub by the name Maximus. Stari grad 232 in Kotor, Crna Gora, Serbia and Montenegro – see Kotor map ».
Hotels in the neighbourhood of the Hotel Cattaro Kotor are sorted by the distance from this hotel.
In the following list, large airports nearest to Hotel Cattaro Kotor are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel to the airport.
Airports near to Hotel Cattaro Kotor, not listed above.
In the following list, car rental offices nearest to Hotel Cattaro Kotor are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel.
The following list shows places and landmarks nearest to Hotel Cattaro K
<|endofexample|>
Conveniently located within easy reach of the M25, Premier Inn Chessington is an ideal base from which to explore the area, with close proximity to Chessington South Train Station.
Please enter the dates of your stay to check availability:
Maplandia.com in partnership with Booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in Chess Chessington hotels (with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals) are both available in separate lists. Always bear in mind that with Maplandia.com and Booking.com the best price is guaranteed!
The hotel is located at Leatherhead Road in Chessington, Kingston upon Thames, South East, England, United Kingdom – see Chessington map ».
Hotels in the neighbourhood of the Premier Inn Chessington hotel are sorted by the distance from this hotel.
In the following list, large airports nearest to Premier Inn Chessington hotel are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel to the airport.
Airports near to Premier Inn Chessington hotel, not listed above.
In the following list, car rental offices nearest to Premier Inn Chessington hotel are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel.
The following list shows places and landmarks nearest to Premier Inn Chessington
<|endofexample|>
Maplandia.com in partnership with Booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in Hai Duong, from affordable family hotels to the most luxurious ones. Booking.com, being established in 1996, is longtime Europe’s leader in online hotel reservations. See the overview of Hai Dui Duong, only hotels with the highest level of guest satisfaction are included. Many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. Luxury hotels (including 5 star hotels and 4 star hotels) and cheap Hai Duong hotels (with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals) are both available in separate lists.
With Maplandia.com and Booking.com the best price is guaranteed! Hai Duong hotel deals include also long stay accommodation Hai Duong offers. Take advantage of our exclusive offers and long stay discounts for selected Hai Duong hotels' suites.
Unbiased Hai Duong hotel reviews written by real guests and many hotel photos are provided to help you make your booking decision.
Hải Dương is located in Nam Thanh, Hai Hung, Vietnam.
List of all hotels in Hai Duong. By default, Hải Dương hotels are sorted by class: the most luxurious hotels in Hai Duong are listed first. You can change the sorting order using the navigation bar above. By clicking the first (leftmost) button you can interchange the direction of sorting between ascending/descending.
There are separate sections devoted to Hải Dương luxury hotels and Hải Dương cheap hotels.
Featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a 24-hour restaurant, Nam Cuong Hai Duong Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms and free Wi-Fi. The 25th-floor bar provides panoramic city views. Rooms at Nam Cuong Hai are equipped with a TV and a minibar. Number of rooms: 157.
Located by the peaceful Cam River, the 4-star Camela Hotel & Resort offers an outdoor pool, spa and a variety of recreational facilities. It houses 2 dining options and provides free Wi-Fi in public areas.
Conveniently located between the Hai Phong Opera House and the city’s Cathedral, which is a 3-minute walk away, Classic Hoang Long consists of 54 rooms with free Wi-Fi. It features 3 food and beverage outlets and free private parking.
Centrally located in Hai Phong City, a 5-minute walk from the Great Theatre, this hotel features an indoor swimming pool and a wellness centre where guests can relax in the sauna or have a Thai massage. Free Wi-Fi and parking are provided.
Located in the city of Haiphong, the Harbour View Hotel is a colonial-style property offering rooms with city views or courtyard. It features an outdoor pool, spa, four restaurants and free parking.
A 20-minute drive from Cat Bi International Airport, Nam Cuong Hotel offers an indoor and outdoor pool. A spa and steam bath facilities are also available. Rooms offer free Wi-Fi..
Princess Hotel Haiphong is located in central Haiphong City, a 10-minute drive from Hai Phong Opera House and City Square. It offers a spa and jacuzzi, karaoke facilities, and free Wi-Fi.
The Best Western Pearl River Hotel is easily accessible in the city of Hai Phong and offers services like outdoor swimming pool and free high speed internet connection in every room.
Located 10 minutes drive from the train station in Hanoi, the Vesna Hotel offers wireless internet access. It houses a restaurant and a bar.
We search over 500 approved car hire suppliers to find you the very best Hai Duong rental prices available. You can compare offers from leading car hire suppliers like Avis, Europcar, Sixt or Thrifty as well as budget rental deals from Holiday Autos, Budget, Economy, EasyCar, or 121 carhire. Choose Hai Duong car hire supplier according to your preferences. The booking process is secured and is made as simple as possible. You don't have to browse through several websites and compare prices to find cheap car hire at Hai Duong - we will do it for you!
In the following list, car rental offices nearest to Hai Duong are sorted by the approximate distance from thi city centre.
Maplandia.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with Google.
Copyright © 2005 maplandia.com. All rights reserved. | news | faq | contact us | RSS | XHTML & CSS
<|endofexample|>
Products
Support
Downloads
Company
> SUPPORT
Support Home
>
The CAPN
>.
However, starting with Windows Vista, Microsoft has elected not to include the "HyperTerminal" accessory. Unfortunately, this is a useful tool for diagnosing difficulties with GPS connections, etc., as it features the ability to "view" the information coming from the GPS into the computer, unencumbered by other applications.
We have provided an alternative, MTTTY which is attached to the bottom of this page. This useful troubleshooting utility reads any information being received by the system through any available COM port.
Notes Before we get Started
- Your Maptech software and all other programs, especially any that use COM ports for other connections, should be closed while running the MTTTY.
To use MTTTY:
1. Follow the
How To Install
instructions, below, to download MTTTY to your Windows Desktop.
2. In the upper right hand corner, the
Port
drop down list contains a list of the COM Ports (real or virtual) found on your PC. Select the Port that the GPS is connected to. (If you're not sure, pick the first port listed, then repeat the test until the GPS is found.)
3. Next to Port,
Baud
is listed. Most GPS units transmit at 4800 Baud. Thus, select
4800
from the Baud list, unless you are using a different Baud rate on your GPS.
4. Leave all other settings at their default and choose Connect from the File menu.
At this point, one of three things can happen:
I get an error message.
This means that the COM port you have selected is not available or functioning properly. Repeat the process, trying a different COM port..
This indicates that the COM port you've chosen is not currently receiving NMEA data. Choose Disconnect from the File menu and repeat the process, trying a different COM port. (Repeat the above steps for other COMs, replacing COM1 with whatever COM ports are available on your PC.) MTTTY..
How To Install MTTTY
Click the link below. In most instances, your web browser will ask if the file should be Opened, or Saved to your computer. Choose Save, then select a location to Save the downloaded file In. If you are unfamiliar with downloading software, we recommend choosing your "Desktop"; select Save In, Desktop and press Save. Once the download completes, double-click the MTTTY application that appears on your Desktop to start it.
DOWNLOADS
File Name
File Size
Version
Release Date
Requirements
MTTTY.exe
92.00 KB
4.0.0.0
04/10/2007
For use in diagnosing GPS connectivity issues. Requires Microsoft Windows XP or Vista.
© 1989 - 2013 Maptech, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Maptech ® is a registered trademark of Maptech, Inc.
<|endofexample|>
This is a small marathon on a paved path along the river the entire time. Very scenic. No traffic issues! You're on a dedicated path.
Pluses;
Scenery
No crowding
Great post race food! Yummy.
Super closer to the hotel and only $89/night. Very nice hotel.
Easy free parking.
Downer:
BRING A WATER BOTTLE! The water stops were super helpful, but up to 4 miles apart. If it had been hot, I would have been toast. Thankfully if was awesome marathon weather.
Overall, very much recommended for a good small marathon.
The course this year on the bike trail was peaceful and scenic. More aid stations and better organization would help this race as volunteers at the aid stations weren't expecting the runners at times. I signed up my friend and I and felt that the processing fee of over 15 dollars for the 2 of us was a bit high too. As a Sacramento resident I hope that these issues are corrected and that they continue with more full marathons in Sac.
Beautiful course and very fast, but organization was not up to par. From a lack of signs in the park to show where the start was, to the lack of mile markers, to the small number of aid stations, this is the worst I have seen in my 66 marathons. Hopefully, it will improve when the new organizers get their act together.
This was my second marathon, run one week after the LA marathon. Definitely a contrast to LA, and if you prefer the excitement of a big race, River City probably isn't your speed. If you like a tranquil and pretty course, you'll love it.
As I understand it, elemental running picked up direction of this race after the very sad passing of race director Robert Mathis. Elemental running did an excellent job of managing the race with what little prep time they had. Refreshments on the course every couple miles and helpful, encouraging volunteers. It is a small race, so spectators were few, but very supportive. Its a lovely race along the american river, and parkway traffic was closed to bikes for this event. Weather was fantastic for running, and the food at the finish couldn't have tasted better. Thanks to Robert Mathis for originally providing us with the opportunity to run a marathon along the river and thanks to elemental running for continuing it.
The race organizers had to change the course for the 2011 event because sections along the course and finish area were flooded. That meant the second half of the course (returning to the start area) was mostly uphill. The goodie bag was a Safeway reusable grocery bag, which is cool. No expo; just a packet pickup. The volunteers were excellent for the most part. Slower finishers did not receive medals because marathon medals were given to 1/2 marathoners by mistake. To date that has not been corrected.
Pro: qualified for Boston; enthusiastic volunteers; EMT workers (spent more time with them than I ever wanted to); nice course; helpful organizers.
Con: not enough port-a-potties at the start; not enough aid stations; bicyclists (unbelievable!); heat.
All in all, I enjoyed this marathon. I would consider doing it again, but I would need to be more prepared for the heat.
This was only my second marathon but I have been in many other races. This is a beautiful course, especially the first half of the marathon. They could easily begin the race a half-hour earlier as it was really warm by the finish, adding signs after entering the park for directing runners to start area would help, and closing the course to bikers (they were pretty careless and rude). The spectator count was really low, but they had good food at the finish. All in all, a good experience for me.
I ran the half. No spectators, but that's not a high priority for me. Worst aspect is the lack of mile markers. There are miles marked on the bike path, but they don't match up to the race in any meaningful way. I didn't find the organizers to be helpful. Be aware of the point-to-point nature with transportation - they charge for shuttle. I'll do a better organized one than this in the future.
The race was well organized, there was great food at the end, and some very beautiful scenery. But some of the cyclists who were also on the trail were rude and we witnessed several near accidents due to the speed of some of the cyclists. We were also yelled at by a female cyclist; she was crazy and rude! She was on our side of the trail, perhaps just angry because we happened to be in her way; I'm not sure what her problem was, but who needs that?!
We also felt it would have been great to have had mile markers. We had a good idea because we had studied the course map prior to the race. But, especially towards the end it would have been helpful to have had that information.
One last thing: more water stations! The stations that were there were well stocked with lots of help, but more of them would have been great.
All in all, I may do this again; I'm just not sure at this time. The rude cyclists have left a bad impression on me.
I have run this race both years. For some reason it just likes to get hot race weekend. Nice course; aid stations were well stocked. The food at the finish line was top-notch: TriTip, beans, salad, and corn bread. The race was a lot bigger this year and Robert and Linda did another great job. I will be back next year, God willing!
WMA makes no representations as to the accuracy of information on this site or its suitability for any use. | privacy policy | refund policy
<|endofexample|>
Submitted by Lori Ganich
Lori Ganich writes, "One Sunday afternoon on Keewaydin Island, I came across this little fawn in the midst of the preserve. It froze for a moment, where I was able to capture this snapshot before it darted back into the thicket. What a beautiful creature!".
<|endofexample|>
I.
Unfortunately I was in the last places of the Palace and my pictures are not so good to post.
Have a nice day Sao Paulo, enjoy yourself!!!!
Not sure if my Portugese is well enough but read on a site that Serena is not playing !? Is this correct ?
It might be correct because I haven't seen Serena on pictures with other tennis players.
Match with Caro was not of so much fun. Ladies took it all very serious. Bit worried about Maria, as she was stretching her shoulders several times. Let's hope nothing bad. Time to go back home to Bradenton and prepair for the new season. Good luck Maria . Your game looked solid tonight, great hitting at times and strong 1st serve. Keep it up . Great that you send us so many messages via Facebook. We can keep track of what you are doing. Jealous at times, as the snow is piling up her outside my house.
I attended the match today, Maria won 6-2 7-6, it was a great experience. Maria and Caroline played a good match. Maria was the more consistent player and in a few moments it seemed that Caroline was more interested in make the attendance laugh. It was a great day of tennis and a great experience to watch Maria and Caroline playing from the stadium for the first time. Tomorrow I will be back to Rio and after I will post some pictures and videos that I made. My camera isn't that good but there are few great images.
I'm back Rio now I'm preparing some pictures and videos to post! The event was great, I loved it! It's a great experience to watch people that you support and a sport that you like very much. Tennis changed my life, when I starded praticing I became a less stressed person and it helped me a lot. Maria is one of idols so to watch her play from the stadium for the first time was an unique experience. Unfortunately I wasn't that fortunate to get autographs or pictures with the players. I'll try this when I have another chance.
PICTURES! Sorry for the quality, I know that pictures are not that good, my camera isn't that good and flash couldn't be used!
You are a real fan of Sharapova because you have attended to her exibition match.
As you live in Rio, you will also have a chance to meet Masha at the Olympic Games in 2016.
You are lucky !!!
<|endofexample|>
It’s been one whirlwind of a summer! Here are a few sneak peeks of what’s coming up on the blog!! As always, I can’t wait to post the entire sessions of these!
From the monthly archives:
July 2011
It was a day filled with peace, from beginning to end. A day where the bride peacefully got dressed in her lovely lace gown as her groom peacefully opened the gift from his bride. It was a peaceful moment when Jen & Alan first saw each other on their wedding day-the serene feeling was palpable. I’ve been to enough weddings to observe that people’s personalities really play into their wedding-and because Jen & Alan are such peaceful, wonderful people; their wedding was exactly the same way. Every time Jen & Alan look at each other, it is obvious how happy they are with each other, how excited they are to start their lives together & how at peace they are when they are together. They were married at the lovely Hakone Gardens in Saratoga & I was thrilled to be a part of such a special day.
Every wedding I shoot is so different but I always find so many things about each wedding that I love. With Jen & Alan’s wedding, there was SO much to love! Jen had put a multitude of personal touches into their wedding-from the handmade Chuppah & Yamaka’s to the beautiful programs at the wedding which told guests about the symbolism for each part in the wedding ceremony, each detail was so lovingly put together. And when the bride is the one putting together all the details, they are even more special & meaningful. Jen wore AMAZING gold glittered shoes & Alan looked awesome in his grey suit. They were married under a cloudless sky & as they were pronounced husband & wife, they both cried tears of joy. They spent the evening dining, dancing (my favorite part of their wedding!!!!) and spending time embracing those closest to them.
Jen & Alan-I feel honored to know you both. You are the kinds of people who make everyone around you feel loved…like they are a part of your family. Thank you for trusting me with this special, meaningful day…I am grateful to have the both of you as my dear friends. Wishing you a wonderful two week honeymoon in Hawaii (lucky!!!!) and I wish you all the happiness in the world…you deserve it all and more. XOXO, marielle.
Like most of my couple this year, Jen & Alan opted to see each other before the ceremony & take photographs together. As always, it was a sweet, intimate moment with just the two of them…and I’m so happy we got these photographs!
They signed the Ketubah before the ceremony with their closest family & friends watching. It was a very sweet thing to witness…
Jen’s mother passed away a few years ago & Jen has since become very close with all of her late mother’s friends. It was such a neat thing for all of them to walk down the aisle with Jen.
Love this one…
The one on the left was taken by my wonderful second shooter, Lynn…
{ 2 comments }…
{ 4 comments }
I…
When!?!?
{ 3 comments }
<|endofexample|>
Catching Elephant is a theme by Andy Taylor
Publishers Weekly has given THE SHADOW SOCIETY a starred review!
“A gripping and intelligent thriller…Filled with literary and artistic allusions (some of which diverge in the dual Chicagos), the action-packed narrative poses thorny ethical questions as Darcy wrestles with bigotry, identity, belonging, and love.”
Read the full review here.
<|endofexample|>
Gregg Russell knows what it's like to be a small-town dance student.
So, he said he's thrilled to be "paying it forward" to a group of about 50 students from Stacey's Dance Studio in Marietta who came to his master dance class workshop Monday.
"I would have killed for something like this when I was young," Russell said.
SHARON BOPP The Marietta TimesEmmy Award-nominated choreographer Gregg Russell and his assistant Ali Rosenstein strike a pose during his master dance class workshop Monday at Stacey’s Dance Studio in Marietta.
According to Russell, teaching helps bring the excitement back to young dancers.
"Dance is positive, exciting, fun," he said.
Russell, 40, of Los Angeles. was raised in Wooster. He began learning to tap at age 4.
Who's Gregg Marshall?
Emmy-nominated choreographer.
Russell has worked Bette Midler, Gene Kelly, Michael Jackson and Gregory Hines.
He's shared the stage with Jason Mraz, Reba McEntire and Smash Mouth.
Performing as a member of Tap Sounds Underground, Marshall made it to the semi-finals of CBS' "Live to Dance."
"It kept me occupied," he remembered. "I was a hyper kid."
Russell continued studying tap and then took up break dancing. He started participating in dance competitions around age 13 or 14.
After getting a part in "42nd Street" at Akron's Carousel Theater and touring with that production in the Midwest, Russell later moved to Los Angeles where has lived for about 25 years.
Russell has worked with Bette Midler, Gene Kelly, The Nicholas Brothers, Michael Jackson and Gregory Hines. In addition, he has performed with Reba McEntire, Smash Mouth, The B-52's and Jason Mraz.
Currently, he is producing and hosting "Tap Into the Network" intensives at seven different cities worldwide in summer 2012.
"I've been very honored to work professionally for many years at all different venues," Russell noted.
"Gregg is fun and inspiring," said Stacey Heaton, owner of Stacey's Dance Studio. "The kids don't realize they're learning because they're having so much fun."
"I want my kids to experience dance outside Marietta," Heaton added.
Dressed in dance clothes, with bare feet, stocking feet, boots or sparkly tennis shoes, Russell's hip-hop master dance class of about 30 students danced, giggled, panted and sweated their way through his fast-paced lesson Monday.
Outfitted in knee-length shorts, a blue T-shirt that read "Respect My Authority" and black tennies, the bearded Russell told the kids: "It's called sweat. You'll be OK."
After showing the class a series of dance moves, Russell turned on The Black Eyed Peas' "Party All the Time" and the students rocked what they'd learned.
"How come I feel like we're on a Nickelodeon commercial right now?" Russell joked.
Students said in just a day, they learned from the choreographer.
"I learned a lot about that you should just be confident and you should never give up dancing," said Olivia Huck, 7, of Marietta.
Ohio University theater student Annie Harris, 18, has been dancing for 15 years.
"I told my mom when I was just 3 that I wanted to go to Juilliard (School in New York City)," she said. "(Dance) is a way to express myself and escape from everything I'm dealing with. And it's good exercise."
700 Channel Lane , Marietta, OH 45750 | 740-373-2121
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
Filter Media Bag 4" x 8"—300 Micron (small pore size). Drawstring top for convenient usage.
Double stitched nylon filter medium bags. For use with any type of granular filter media such as: phosphate, ammonia, nitrate or silica removers or activated carbon. Includes 2 nylon ties.
Eheim Filter Media Bag, up to 2L
<|endofexample|>
”
.
British Private Navy Warship Held in Spain
An ex-Royal Navy officer’s converted warship has been seized by Spain amid fears he is a mercenary planning to fight pirates in Somalia. Former lieutenant Chris Enmarsh’s decommissioned gunboat Defender has been stopped from sailing since being forced to stop off in Tenerife for
Israeli Submarine Named in German Shipyard
'INS Rahav', the Israeli Navy's 5th Dolphin-class submarine, inaugurated at Thyssen-Krupp Marine Systems in Kiel, Germany. The new submarine was unveiled at a special ceremony attended by Commander in Chief of the Israeli Navy Rear Adm
Kongsberg Contracted for New Seismic Vessel
Kongsberg Evotec AS, a Kongsberg Maritime company, will provide the complete back deck solution for handling of up to 20 streamers simultaneously aboard a GC Rieber owned new-build seismic exploration vessel, awarded by builder Kleven. The ST324XT designed by Skipsteknisk in Ålesund
Coast Guard Responds to South Louisiana Casualty
GofM Pipeline Fire Update.
Hamburg Süd's 'Santa Cruz' Now Flying Luxembourg Flag
Thai Speedboat Plan to Beat Resort's Traffic Congestion
Thai authorities seek new ways to get people from Phuket International Airport to their destinations on the Andaman Sea island. One possibilty discussed at a recent meeting would be to build a quay pier next to the airport in order to carry passengers by speedboat or hydrofoil the 13 miles to
Something Rotten in New Orleans: Coast Guard Investigate
The Coast Guard, along with the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality & partner agencies, respond to reports of an odor. Watchstanders at Coast Guard Sector New Orleans received the report of an odor extending throughout parts of the greater New Orleans area
Virgin Atlantic Challenger ll Readies for UK Return
Plymouth boatyard looks to refit Richard Branson's iconic 'Virgin Atlantic Challenger II' after the boat's 20-year absence from UK shores. Dan Stevens, a merchant navy master who also runs the Mount Batten ferry and harbour cruise vessels in Plymouth
Tugboat Sinks, Tow Afloat Off California Coast
The
USCG Rescues Four from Tug off California Coast
The Coast Guard rescued four people from a liferaft after their tugboat sank. The Coast Guard received a distress called from the tug Delta Captain at 2:55 p.m. Saturday and immediately launched rescue crews; a 47-foot Motor Life Boat from Coast Guard Station Monterey
<|endofexample|>
20th Century Club meets
The 20th Century Club began its 2012 year Sept. 4 with a salad and dessert supper at the Marion City Building.
Nineteen members were present.
Hosts were Paula Ash, Carolan McFarland, Betty Sanders, Becky Summerville, and Lora Lovelady.
Ash conducted a short business meeting following the meal. Each member then gave highlights of their summer.
The next meeting is scheduled for Oct. 1
<|endofexample|>
Senior Management Planning Forward – For the Best and the Worst
May 17, 2013 by Bob Britz
Working in business you quickly learn that a partnership with your senior management team is like a marriage. The playbook and attitudes you all took on across a dinner table as the company may have started are often in need of refreshing. Seriously, you spend 8-12 hours a day with them, more than with your spouses and partners, and chances are you have discussions over wins and disagreements that may blush a customer if they walked in. So what are three key ways to ensure a happy and profitable long term working relationship?
First, act your role in the situation. No …
Recent Comments
<|endofexample|>
Creating a backup plan!
<|endofexample|>
Marketplace for Friday, October 22, 2010
Episode Description:
Marketplace for Friday, October 22, 2010
1
Geithner tries different currency tactic
Currency values were the hot topic at the G-20 meeting in South Korea. The U.S. wants China to raise the value of its currency, but has been unable to persuade China to make the change. So Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is trying a different strategy. John Dimsdale reports.
4
How will crackdown hurt for-profits?
Posted In: Education
One business that earned big profits during most of the recession is for-profit colleges. Over the next few weeks, we'll get an idea of how hard they'll be hit by bad publicity from Congressional hearings and possible restrictions on federal financial aid. Amy Scott reports.
24
Will Williams' firing affect fundraising?
Longtime NPR news analyst Juan Williams was fired for violating NPR's ethics policies. For public radio stations, the timing and the backlash is less than ideal. Janet Babin reports.
0
Weekly Wrap: Foreclosures and banks
Foreclosures, corporate and bank profits reign as some of the biggest stories of the week. The Big Money's Heidi Moore and the Wall Street Journal's Sudeep Reddy talk with Kai Ryssdal about whether the foreclosure issue is improving and how banks are doing right now.
3
Tracking the campaign money.
0
1
Unhappy meal: McDonald's ups prices
Posted In: Food
McDonald's has survived the recession better than most other restaurants. Better than most other companies, in fact. The burger chain announced this week it's seen sales rise for 30 consecutive quarters. McDonald's is doing so well some managers are even re-thinking the competition. Tony Arnold explains.
4
Starbucks uncorks wine, beer menu
Posted In: Food
If you amp up for your workday with a Starbucks latte, how about swinging by on the way home to unwind with a glass of merlot? This week, the company started testing out alcohol on the menu at one store in Seattle. Ann Dornfeld reports on whether this could be the company's next big foray into mind-altering substances.
<|endofexample|>
We are open Today: 9:00am - 5:30pm / Tomorrow: 10:00am - 5:00pm
Legendary Happy Mondays dancer and maraca player Bez will head to The Picturdrome this month for a guest DJ night of indie and dance tunes from the Madchester scene.
In January, the original line up of the Happy Mondays announced their reunion and a series of shows in May.
However, ahead of them Bez will DJ at the Northampton venue at the end of March.
The original Happy Mondays line up featuring Bez, Gary Whelan, Mark Day, Paul Davies, Paul Ryder, Rowetta and Shaun Ryder got back together after 19 years.
Happy Mondays were discovered by the legend Tony Wilson in the Hacienda and have become synonymous with the Manchester music scene.
Their first album Squirrel and G-Man Twenty Four Hour Party People Plastic Face Carnt Smile (White Out) was released in 1987.
Happy Mondays followed it with two classic albums, 1988’s Bummed and Pills ‘n’ Thrills and Bellyaches which went on to achieve platinum status in the UK.
Bez will be joined on Saturday, March 31, by Vince Vega, Voodoo Ray, Dave Sweetmore and Andy Bunting. MC for the night is Darren Rocksteady Elston.
Tickets cost £10 and are available from or 08448842920
n The Happy Mondays will play Birmingham’s O2 Academy on Saturday, May 12.
Tickets are available by calling 0844 477 2000, from and.
We're open 9.00am to 5.30pm Monday to Saturday and 10:00am to 5:00pm on Sundays.
We're happy to help you with any enquiry you may have.
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) -- Federal Reserve policymakers were slightly more hawkish as to when the first rate hike will be made, according to an assessment of appropriate monetary policy released by the central bank on Wednesday. Of the 17 Federal Open Market Committee members polled, seven Fed's unemployment forecast was lowered and the inflation forecast hiked for 2012, 2013 and 2014, though by fairly minor amounts: for 2012, the jobless rate is seen between 7.8% and 8%, vs. January's forecast of 8.2% to 8.5%, and the PCE inflation rate is seen between 1.9% and 2%, vs. January's forecast of 1.4% to 1.8%.
Want to see how this story relates to your portfolio?
Just add items to create a portfolio now:
<|endofexample|>
Cant get over how much Outsider sounds like a Skytech production
Cant get over how much Outsider sounds like a Skytech production
This will be one of the best realase in Colsharbour this year!
Did you know Buffalo has 2nd largest Polish community in the US? Well that explains last night. Crazyness! We even had a fire on stage - MARKUS SCHULZ
Out now boys and girls!
Yes! Now my personal top5 2011 all in my hands!
Charged!
Outsider definitely sounds like a Skytech inspired production but I ain't complaining. Awesome awesome stuff here. 8-)
Originally Posted by DaydreamerOriginally Posted by Daydreamer
nice... what a year for CLHR! 8-)
Damian K
Yeah Coldharbour won't stop and I hope I they don't
Great release after release, keep it up guys!
Coldharbour Citizen for Life.
Loyalty can't be bought, only earned.
Indeed good stuffIndeed good stuff
Originally Posted by ohcrapitsnicoOriginally Posted by ohcrapitsnico
<|endofexample|>
Started with Vision ;] Like this tune so much ;]
Started with Vision ;] Like this tune so much ;]
oh this is nice i like it
hahahah hMarkus is so much un i love it!!!!
i think just the thought that these World Tour shows are live sets makes them more exciting. I sit here imagining what it would be like to be in the crowd right now...ohhhh im soooooo PISSED that I wasnt able to stay long enough for this show
Hello everyone!
Am' tuned in! 8-)
Neuroscience Recordings
Real Legacy Records
Carpe Noctum
The track that just keeps getting better and better with each listen.
Love this track!
Neuroscience Recordings
Real Legacy Records
Carpe Noctum
Great start to the set i love the new David West track !!!!
gosh... i lov this tune :!:
With passion since 1993 & 1991
always so happy to hear this tune!!!!!!
every time i listen i like it a little more and its so good for ANY TIME!!
i love falling asleep to it...WAKING UP to it....i just loooooooveeeeee this
crap ive had too much coffee today i think :roll:
this is bringing me back to NY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<|endofexample|>
BIOTIC (Biological Traits Information Catalogue) by MarLIN (Marine Life Information Network) is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-Share Alike 2.0 UK: England & Wales License. Permissions beyond the scope of this license are available at. Note that images and other media featured on this page are each governed by their own terms and conditions and they may or may not be available for reuse. Based on a work at.
<|endofexample|>
Success for MAROC at JK 2012
There were plenty of great MAROC performances at JK 2012, a rarity for being on relative home ground. MAROC winning performances over the weekend were:
Ewan Musgrave (M10B)
Jake Chapman (M12A)
Sarah Dunn (W40 & W40 Sprint)
Joe Wright, Jake and Alistair Chapman (Class M Relay).
There were many other quality results. Some photos are in the MAROC 2012 photo gallery.
Great Results for Maroc Juniors
Hi
As a junior rep I thought I would take the chance to highlight some of the clubs good results over the past few weekends. This is always a busy time, and with many big races, the main one ofcourse being the Jk where Maroc juniors turned out in full force. The first day was a sprint in Livingston, where we dominated the M12 category, with Jake Chapman 2nd, Alistair Chapman 8th, and John Getliff 10th. We also had good results in W14, and 16 with both Abi Mason, and Jenny Rickets coming 5th.
The next day there were even more good results, so it seems we perform better in the tough technical terrain which was day 2. In M10A Grant McMurtrie came 5th, and Matthew Gooch came 8th. In M10B Ewan Musgrave came 1st. Then In M12A Jake Chapman got 1st. In M14A Ross McMurtrie cam 10th, then in the girls Abi Mason came 5th in W14A, with Megan Rickets in 10th.
Day Three was even tougher, and again more technical. this meant the people who are truly good at technical shone through, and it seems we have lots in that category. In M10A Matthew Gooch came 9th, but was beaten by Grant McMurtrie who came 5th. Ewan Musgrave again won M10B, whilst the boys in M12A dominated again, with Jake Chapman first, Joe Wright 2nd, Alistair Chapman 5th, and John Getliff 10th. Ross McMurtrie came 5th in M14A a good result in a tough category, as it gets harder to stay at the the top as you go up the ages. Josh Dudley came 8th in M18 elite which is a brilliant result. Then in the girls Abi came 5th in W14A great consistency, a key feature of good athletes. Finally Evie Mason got a great 8th in the very tough W16A category, she was also 5th Brit which is very good.
This of course led to many good overall results which were taken from day two and three. Ewan Musgrave secured 1st in M10B, whilst Grant Mcmurtrie got 5th In M10A with Matthew Gooch not far behind in 8th. Jake Chapman was another JK title holder, as he secured first in M12A, with Alistair receiving 8th, so a good weekend for the Chapman family. In M14A Ross got 8th, another good result. Josh also got 8th, but in M18 elite. Abi got an overall 6th in W14A. All in all it seems we like the numbers 5 and 8 but at such a big competition these are good numbers to have beside your name.
In the relay we had two teams which shone through, the team of Joe Wright, and both Chapmans, Alistair, and Jake won their category, whilst Frances Wright, and both Mason, Evie and Abi came 4th in theirs. Thank you to everyone who helped with parking especially the Getliffs, as they didn't get a run.
I know Trevor previously sent out an e-mail mentioning the British Sprints and Middles but I felt he left out a few good results. These include Abi Mason 6th In the W14 A final, and Evie Mason 9th in the W16 A final. Abi carried her success into the middles where she came 4th.
Let me know If i have missed anyone out I have tried my best but am tired after the long weekend.
The next things coming up are SOL 2, and Wednesday night training, so we can all get ready for the British Long where I am sure we will have great results as usual.
Thanks
Hope everyone had a great Easter
Rhona
Photo Gallery
Select the image for a larger version.
09th Apr 12 by Roger Coombs
<|endofexample|>
Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering
Office: Haggerty Engineering 230
@marquette.edu
Phone: (414) 288-7832
Ph.D., 1994, Industrial and Systems Engineering, Ohio State University
M.S., 1987, Industrial and Management Systems Engineering, Pennsylvania State University
B.S., 1983, Industrial and Management Systems Engineering, Pennsylvania State University
Domblesky, J., "Project Assisted Learning in Engineering - A Manufacturing Example", ASEE Upper Midwest Conference, October 2009, Marquette University, Milwaukee, WI.
Domblesky, J.P., James, T.P., and Widera, G.E.O., “A cutting rate model for Reciprocating Sawing”, Journal of Manufacturing Science & Engineering, Transactions of the ASME, Vol. 130, No. 5, October 2008, pp. 0510151-0510157.
Domblesky, J.P., and Kraft, F.F., “Metallographic evaluation of welded forging preforms”, Journal of Materials Processing Technology, Vol. 191, No. 1-3, August 2007, pp. 82-86.
Domblesky, J., and Silman, T., “Investigation of Workload Fluid Characteristics in Vibratory Finishing”, SUR/FIN Technical Conference, American Electroplaters and Surface Finishers Society, Cleveland, OH, September 18-20, 2007.
Domblesky, J., Kraft, F., Sims, B., and Druecke, B., “Welded Preforms for Forging”, Journal of Materials Processing Technology, Vol. 171, No. 1, January 2006, pp. 141-149.
<|endofexample|>
That's your right when you book today on Marriott.com.
Just spent a week working on the Island and I stayed at the RI in Plainview.... --tkodiak
Residence Inn New Rochelle
1
35 LeCount Place
New Rochelle, NY 10801
18.8 mile(s)
Stamford Marriott Hotel & Spa
2
243 Tresser Boulevard
Stamford, CT 06901
19.4 mile(s)
NEW LOBBY!
3
670 White Plains Road
Tarrytown, NY 10591
27.4 mile(s)
NEW LOBBY!
Fairfield Inn & Suites New York Brooklyn
4
181 3rd Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11217
27.9 mile(s)
The Ritz-Carlton New York, Battery Park
5
Two West Street
New York, NY 10004
29.2 mile(s)
Residence Inn Newark Elizabeth/Liberty International Airport
6
83 Glimcher Realty Way
Elizabeth, NJ 07201
38 mile(s)
NEW LOBBY!
Plainview NY
<|endofexample|>
[ back to images | find a keyword ]
Choose a letter below for keywords beginning with that letter. Click on a keyword to search with it and use the search options below to control how the keyword combines with an existing search.
No keywords found. Select a letter above if available.
<|endofexample|>
MARSHALL - East College Drive funnels traffic on the east side of town through a row of businesses and past Southwest State Minnesota University. Every fall, thousands of students come to Southwest Minnesota State University, swelling the potential customer base.
Students buy food, clothes, hard goods, and entertainment. The effect on some businesses is quite large.
"It gets a lot busier when the students are around," said Brianna Brush who works at Family Video rental. "They use it for classes sometimes when there's an assignment with a movie involved. We're the only movie place for a ways and it's cheap for poor college students."
Photo by Steve BrowneDomino’s Pizza employee Jesse Schreifels found himself multitasking as he took and order while preparing another pizza for delivery Monday evening. Domino’s is one of many businesses along East?College Drive that welcome the added business during the school year.
A lot of the businesses on East College are restaurants, and students have to eat like anyone else.
Brenda Wittrock is co-owner of Jimmy John's, which opened in 2008.
"It does make a bit of a difference," Wittrock said, "10 percent maybe."
Wittrock said they are always looking to hire new staff during the school year to keep up with the increased business.
Angie Hettling manages Papa Murphy's which specialized in take-and-bake pizza.
"I guess we do see more students as we offer them $2 off on their ID card," Hettling said. I think any time you move in you've got to get something easy. We're busier in fall but it's hard to tell if it's just because it's cooler."
However, Erin Samuelson, manager of Papa John's Pizza which sells and delivers ready made says it's too early to tell.
"When school session is in, and the community settles in sales are better," Samuelson said. "But people are going to visit relatives, going to the lake, and a lot of teachers at the high school and SMSU don't live in town."
However, Dave Knotz, manager of Domino's Pizza said there is a definite jump in business. "Especially I'd say late nights," he said. "Thursday, that's college fun night in town."
Knotz said Domino's is pretty stable with low turnover, but it has to hire more staff during the school year as student employees have to cut down on their hours.
Pizza Hut is within a convenient walk from the SMSU campus, and has a lot of room for dine-in customers, as well as delivering. Manager Jesse Klatt said he's definitely seen a jump in business with many new customers.
"Sales do pick up," Klatt said. "I've hired five people in the last month or so - three drivers, a cook and a server."
At MacDonald's management is not allowed to discuss sales figures, but one manager Anna Sisombat did comment that it gets very busy after school starts.
Returning students often need furniture, which is generally too much trouble to bring from home.
"We see a lot of them coming through looking for mattresses, futons," said Jeff Bragg, manager of Slumberland furniture outlet.
Bragg said the store tries to keep up with these items on a seasonal basis and said he thought the students are good for the area and good for the town.
"Our used consignment department empties out," said Alan Schuch, manager of Larson's Home Furnishings. "Otherwise, nothing too crazy. Sofas from $399 to $499 go well."
Though used furniture sells well, used clothing does not appear to.
"We're just starting to get a rush of students coming into the store," said Molly Kimball, a job coach at Advanced Opportunities which runs "Wear it's At," a gently-used clothing store. "We didn't have any luck seeing students come in. We've done a lot of advertising in the past year though, and maybe word is getting out."
Electronics is one thing that's almost guaranteed to sell, at both the high and low end.
Alex Smieja, manager of Radio Shack said business picks up and the need for employees does as well, as student employees either quit or have to cut back on their hours when school starts.
Radio Shack sales associate Hannah Kiges is a student at SMSU and knows first-hand what students need when they move in.
"Co-ax cables, chargers, headphones, anything that breaks easily," Kiges said.
According to Kenny Thompson, manager of Verizon Wireless World, students tend to go for the more expensive phones rather than the cheaper no-frills models.
"Usually we get a rush of students coming into the store," Thompson said. "Mostly looking for smart phones."
And, of course, students have personal grooming needs like anyone else.
Danielle French manager of Great Clips, said business picks up quite a bit after the start of school.
Owner Milly Ljubisavljevic, cutting hair in the corner, chimed in, "Boy does it ever take off!"
508 W. Main St. , Marshall, MN 56258 | 507-537-1551
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
Tag: Hello It’s Mz. Hyde
Halestorm talk new single ‘Love Bites (So Do I)’ (video)
by craig on Feb.26, 2012, under INTERVIEWS, ROCK NEWS, VIDEO
Halestorm are gearing up for the release of their much anticipated album "The Strange Case Of…", produced by Howard Benson and to be released on April 10. The band will also join the Mass Chaos tour with Godsmack and Staind starting April 13 in Augusta, Georgia. The first track released from the album 'Love Bites (So Do I)', is blowing up the charts. Check out the video below of singer Lzzy Hale and lead guitarist Joe Hottinger talking to Revolver TV about the new single and more.
'Love Bites (So Do I)' is also featured on the already released Halestorm EP, 'Hello, It's Mz. Hyde.'
<|endofexample|>
One crafty couple dream up a homespun California bash decked out with soaring bird streamers, bright balloons, and festive pinatas. And they couldn't have pulled it off without a little help from their friends.
Jennifer Garrido and Joshua Duthie share a kiss. Jumbo yellow balloons line the walkway to the home where the couple wed.
Event coordination: Jennifer Tipton of Jennifer Tipton Designs
Catering: Cabana Dave's Catering
Stationery and textiles: Jenny Pennywood (the bride's design company)
Rentals: Classic Party Rentals
Photography: Suzanne Christine Photography and Emily Nathan
Dress: Glenda Pongiglione
Accessories: Becky Kelso (jewelry); the Light Fantastic Salon Spa
Pinatas: ConfettiSystem
Get inspiration for crafting your wedding details.Get the Ideas
Customize our clip art and templates for your suite.Download for Free
Crafts and clip art for your big day:
<|endofexample|>
Marvellous Maids is proud to partner with Fabulous Housekeepers – The Training. These are run from our Atlantic Seaboard offices in Green Point; Cape Town. We are also happy to come out to your home and train your staff “in situ”.Please see below, the details of the training courses that we currently offer.
The main aim of the training is to show the trainee the skills required in housekeeping. The student would further be given a training manual and a certificate on completion of the course. At the end of this course should you wish your person to receive additional training in specific area (packing away cupboards; answering telephones etc), we could certainly develop something extra.
The cost of the above is R1695.00 – and includes all course notes and lunch on the training days.
If you would like this course to be done at your home (as a one on one training session), the cost would be R2950.00 (excluding travelling costs). If you wanted your employee to be trained on your premises, let us know and we'll look at when we'd be able to schedule.
Please note that this course can be adapted for Office/Tea/Cleaning Staff. In this instance, the laundry component falls away and we focus on social interaction; cleaning in the office environment; cleaning desks (without disturbing contents); making and serving of teas/coffees and light meals and setting up of meeting/boardrooms. All customised to the clients requirements. Please note due to the variety of offices etc; this is best offered as one on one training.
Laundry Training.
We prefer to do laundry training at the employer’s house – this is so we can teach the employee to work with the employer’s machines; and the actual clothing; and the actual packing away. You will get the most value from the laundry training if it is done at your home.
Some people just want training on Ironing Skills; however we have to teach the entire course as it all ties together – and of course, we do spend the most time on ironing. It is also one-on-one training – which means the employee gets undivided attention.
Please see below the details of the laundry course that we offer.
Laundry Skills
6 How to read care labels
6 Working the machines
6 Sort it out
6 Washing
6 Drying
6 Ironing
6 Packing Away - basic
The trainer would be on site for ± 6 hours. The employee would receive on the job training in the relevant modules; receive Training Notes and a certificate on completion.
We offer this as in situ training (i.e. at the employer’s home). This is “one on one” training. You would need to contact me regarding availability. The cost is R1045 per person per day.
If you would prefer to run the course over two days (2 days of 3 ½ hours each), the cost would be R1320 – this is preferable as it involves the layering of information but naturally costs a bit extra.
When deciding on whether to send an employee on a course; or have a trainer come to your house to do the training –you have to decide on the outcome that you are looking for.
Logistics influence the training – so the where of the training influences the nature of the training. So when we do a group training (as in our training centre) – the classes are small (maximum 8 pax) so everyone can get individual attention but by nature of the group dynamic it does tend to be more show and tell. So when making a bed – the trainer will be demonstrating; ditto for washing dishes; ironing etc. Although everyone will get an opportunity to try their hand at a task – you have to be very careful as there are only so many dishes people can wash and then in turn watch being washed before tuning out – and so on and so forth. Also because we are dealing with up to 8 different people who will be working in different homes; using different machines and dealing with different employers – we have to concentrate on the general rather than on the specific. The dynamic of group training however, means that one gets exposed to a lot more questions and in turn more answers. We like to involve the group rather than “talking at them” and that makes the experience quite enjoyable (you learn more) and we are also able to use multiple trainers to make it more interesting as it is more theoretical.
Where you are looking at training someone to work in your home because of specific issues however, then I always suggest scheduling the training in your home. It is more expensive as it is one-on-one training but is mostly practical training as it is in your home, showing them how to clean with your cleaning products and machines to the standards that you want. It is very specific. And as it is one-on-one – the person being trained gets a more hands on practical training experience. They clean and train at the same time – with an all-day trainer/supervisor working with them to guide them.
As I always say – it depends on what outcome you are looking for: general or specific.
In order to book your person on any of the courses, you need to book (as simple as sending me an email) – I would then invoice you and once payment was made, your person would be registered. For the longer course I would also want them to write an entrance exam which would help me assess the English; logic and cognitive skills.It is important to note that doing the course does not equal passing; part of the training process is to evaluate the suitability (ability; aptitude; attitude & English) of each person for work. We emphasise communication skills and that certainly helps in the job environment.We can also, offer in situ training (i.e. at the employer’s home). This is more expensive as we would need to offer it as a stand-alone unit which is “one on one” training. The employer would need to contact me regarding availability. The cost is R1085 per day (with a R65 surcharge if the venue is outside a 15km radius of our office in Green Point). We do offer a discount if training more than one person.The modules that we offer for this are:
The trainer would be on site for 5 – 6 hours. The employee would receive training in the relevant modules; receive Training Notes and a certificate on completion.We can also develop a made to order course, focussing on the areas that you specifically want addressed. The cost would depend on exactly is required.Send me an email:
Site Designed and Maintained by Shuttleworth Consulting
<|endofexample|>
Financial ConfusionMarch 5th, 2009
In trying to make some sort of sense out of the financial mess that we are in, Newburyport and globally, I find myself staring incomprehensibly at my Newburyport TV watching some guy in a hot pink necktie and a raging bald guy. It feels like Flannery O’Conner meets the business channel, or “Alice in Wonderland” meets the business channel. It’s really hard to take these folks seriously from my vantage point in Newburyport, MA, but as a neophyte desperately trying to learn this stuff, I’m not exactly sure just how crazy these people are.
And along comes Jon Stewart last night, God bless him, to explain the whole thing to moi, confused in Newburyport, MA.
The whole business channel thing doesn’t even rate high enough on the weirdness scale to be a combination of something as classy as Flannery O’Conner or “Alice in Wonderland.” Nope, this is the Twilight Zone gone rancid:
.”
You can read the Huffington Post article and watch the Jon Stewart segment here.
And this is one of the guys who is slamming President Obama. Good grief.
<|endofexample|>
JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
SKU# 18600
Be the first to review this product
Availability: In stock
Regular Price:
$19.99
Special Price:
$17.97
« Back to Main Product Info
Click on image to zoom
Only registered users can write reviews. Please, log in or register
<|endofexample|>
Marysville Police looking for murder suspect
March 10, 2010 · 5:41 AM
Marysville Police are looking for a 21 year old Tulalip man and murder suspect, after he failed to appear at a Superior Court hearing March 9.
A $1,000,000 arrest warrant for Murder 2nd Degree was issued by a Superior Court Judge for James D Fryberg after he failed to appear for a bail revocation hearing.
Fryberg is accused of causing the death of a 15-month-old baby in May 2009.
Fryberg’s last known residence was on the Tulalip Reservation just west of Marysville; however his current whereabouts are unknown.
He is described as Native American, 21 years old, 5’11”, and about 160 pounds. He also has brown eyes, and brown hair.
Police are asking that anyone who knows the whereabouts of Fryberg call 911 to report his.
<|endofexample|>
Welcome To Asian Massage London
Massage Asian welcome's you to meet with our professional masseuses. They come from different backgrounds and bring together experience in massage from all over the world. They are professional and fun to be with, let our masseuses bring you the total enjoyment of life. Call us now! Let our London Asian Masseuses show you how much fun you can get just being in London.
Massage Asian can help you when you feel lonely being away from home, or you just looking for a pleasant erotic adventure. You can always book appointments to date with our beautiful young well-educated Asian massages agents. We will arrange you to get acquainted with our beautiful elegant masseuses in London.Our Asian massage london is the best you will find at these rates
London Massage Services
London Massage service allows you to choose your favorite female entertainers to fit with your needs, booking appointments and arranging you to meet up with our
female entertainers. We promise you that you will get the total enjoyment from our London Asian Massages.
Massage Supplies
We stock and may supply you with massage oils. We can also offer guidance in deciding what oils are right for you
Our oils kiss the skin with a light but effective protective mantle of pure moisture, whilst having a soothing and relaxing effect. These exotic non-greasy liquids glide all over the body warming the skin, warming the heart and penetrating deeply into the flesh. Our japanese massage specialists are some of the best in the London areas, and we would love to show you what we can achieve.
Professional
Massage Asian London is looking for professional, charming, female masseuses to join our team.
NEWS
Would you like a professional Asian massage today? Contact us here: Massage Asian contact
Massage Asian London is ready to pick up your call anytime to book appointments with our beautiful young female masseuses.
London Massage service includes letting you to choose your favorite female masseuse, booking appointments and arranging you to meet up with our female masseuses.
Call us now! Let our female masseuses show you how much fun you can get just being with our sexy Massages in London.
<|endofexample|>
The 14 CE credit also present you with information on specific ailments and how to address them using reflexology. This course is open to all professional bodywork therapists. Reflexology maps of the hands and feet are given as well as easy to use visual guides. A must for the massage professional interested in learning reflexology!
This Course Will Present:
• The history and origins of modern reflexology
• Anatomy of each body system and reflex areas for each
• Descriptions of how to palpate the feet and hands to find reflex points
• Common ailments that may benefit from reflexology treatment
You Will Receive:
The Complete Reflexology Tutor, by Ann Gillanders (Copyright Octopus Publishing Group, Text Copyright Ann Gillanders, 2007), guide with instructions, exam of 90 questions, course evaluation, certificate of achievement upon completion and unlimited phone support for any of your questions.
Please check our State/Organization Approvals page before purchasing to be sure this course is accepted by your state board. All courses are accepted by the NCBTMB, AMTA, and ABMP.
All copyright reserved, ©2010-2013 Center for Massage Therapy Continuing Education
<|endofexample|>
Enlarge / Alternate Images
I did not like this product. Felt greasy and has an odor.
I have been using Soma Silk for about 10 years now. Neutral odor, washes pretty easily out of sheets, doesn't stain client's clothing, good for both Swedish massage as well as deeper modalities. Great price. I choose this product over the more expensive BioTone products any day!
I have used this product for 8 yrs after trying everything out there. Great price, glides nice with small amount and clientele love it. Feels greasy at first but absorbs well. I use as a moisturizer at home as well.
This is the best, a little goes a long way, leaves the clients skin soft, not greasy
I've used Soma silk for years now. Have tried many other creams and lotions and keep going back to silk. It has great glide, soaks in well and doesn't leave you greasy. There is little odor, so not a problem for those with allergies. Silk gets my vote.
This product is wonderful. Because of the soothing properties of the calendula and jojoba, it provides non-irritating performance for me during the busiest season AND I have given product to several clients that find it solves skin problems for them. I cannot recommend this product highly enough !
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration requires that MSDS be available to employees for potentially harmful substances handled in the workplace under the Hazard Communication regulation.
Material Safety Data Sheet
<|endofexample|>
Founded in 1986, Custom Craftworks' mission is to support the vital work of professionals and educators in the massage, therapy, and holistic health fields by building the best quality massage equipment available. In 2009 Custom Craftworks joined the Pivotal Health Solutions family of brands. Pivotal Health has one of the most comprehensive health and wellness product lines in the market today.
<|endofexample|>
John Quincy Adams: Diary Entries from the 1809 Trip to Russia
On 27 June 1809, the U. S. Senate confirmed President James Madison's appointment of John Quincy Adams (JQA) as.
JQA Twitter Project
Read John Quincy Adams's posts on Twitter. (Twitter posts appear under the user name, JQAdams_MHS.)
MHS looks forward to tweeting another year of JQA's line-a-day diary entries! 5 August 2012 marks the third anniversary of the Massachusetts Historical Society's JQA Twitter project! John Quincy Adams (with the help of MHS staff) continues to tweet his own line-a-day diary entries summarizing his life and work as minister plenipotentiary in St. Petersburg, Russia. Please read (or continue to read) JQA's succinct posts exactly 200 years after he wrote them.
John Quincy Adams's Diaries
- Web presentation of JQA's line-a-day diary beginning August 1809 or beginning August 1812
- Web presentation of JQA's diary with long entries beginning August 1809 or beginning August 1812
- The Diaries of John Quincy Adams: A Digital Collection
Digital images of 51 diary volumes kept by John Quincy Adams from the collections of the Massachusetts Historical Society. The diary can be searched by date or by using the detailed timeline.
- Overview to JQA's diaries
Includes scope notes about diary volumes, descriptions of different types of diary entries written by JQA, and provides citations to published selections of his diary.
- Published edition (volume 2) includes selected diary entries beginning August 1809
Selected entries beginning August 1812
Online access from the Internet Archive to published edition of selected long diary entries Memoirs of John Quincy Adams: Comprising Portions of His Diary from 1795 to 1848, volume 2, edited by Charles Francis Adams, (Philadelphia, 1874).
- PUblished transcriptions of John Quincy Adams from 1779-1788 are available as part of The Adams Papers Digital Edition. Please see the browse list to the digital version of the documentary edition by the Adams Papers Project.
John Quincy Adams in Russia
- "The First Ambassador: John Quincy Adams in St. Petersburg, 1809-1815" ()
This article written by Mary Claffey and Sara Sikes (both authors are Assistant Editors for the Adams Papers Editorial Project) appeared in Russian Life, September/October 2008. This article describes JQA's successful diplomatic mission in Russia as well as his life at Court with his wife, Louisa Catherine and young son, Charles Francis.
The Beehive Blog Posts about the JQA Twitter Project
- Was JQA a Tweeter?
This blog post describes JQA's numerous diaries and likens the short entries within his line-a-day diary to posts to the micro-blogging website, Twitter.
- To Russia With Tweets
This blog post from 16 July 2009 announces Massachusetts Historical Society's plans to post JQA's line-a-day diary entries on Twitter, beginning on 5 August 2009, 200 years after he started his journey to St. Petersburg, Russia.
- John Quincy Adams, Media Darling
This blog post includes links to online articles and video clips from the press describing the JQA Twitter project, as well as comments from Twitterers, and a quote from Louisa Catherine Adams (John Quincy Adams's wife) about the anguish she felt about the prospect of leaving two of her children in the United States when she accompanied her husband to Russia.
- John Quincy Adams's Shipboard Reading Lists
These blog posts list the books John Quincy Adams mentions in his line-a-day diary entries and provides links to online copies of the titles.
August 1809 | September 1809 | October 1809 | November/December 1809
- JQA, Lead-Water, & Lindsey Vonn
This blog post from 15 March 2010 provides some contextual information about seemingly unusual treatments for JQA's inflamed leg—first the application of lead-water, and then the application of butter. The post also draws a connection to the Olympic skiier, Lindsey Vonn, who said her physical therapist had been treating her shin injury by wrapping cheese on it.
- A Description of One Letter John Quincy Adams Sent to his Father in June 1811
This blog post from 18 June 2011 (in recognition of Father's Day) describes one letter that a noteworthy son (John Quincy Adams) sent to his noteworthy father (John Adams). JQA's letter (dated 30 May and 7 June because it was written on two days in 1811) offers an example of the thoughtfulness, eloquence, and respect JQA displayed towards his father.
- John Quincy Adams Writes about an American Born in Russia
This blog post from 12 August 2011 gathers quotes from different writings by John Quincy Adams in which he describes the birth of his daughter, Louisa Catherine, on 12 August 1811. His line-a-day diary entry is succinct, his long diary entry shares more detail, and a passage from a letter he writes to his mother (Abigail Adams) includes a bit of humor.
- JQA's Self-Assessment on His Birthday in 1812
This blog post from 11 July 2012 shares a passage from JQA's long diary that conveys a rather harsh self-assessment, despite significant professional and personal accomplishments as of his 45th birthday on 11 July 1812.
Selected Media Coverage about the JQAdams_MHS Twitter Project
- "John Quincy Adams, Twitterer?," New York Times
- "John Quincy Adams Tweeting Thanks to Mass. Society," Associated Press
- "John Quincy Adams on Twitter," Here and Now, Wednesday, August 5, 2009 (audio)
- "Twitter Twacked!" The Rachel Maddow Show, August 6, 2009 (audio)
- "Tweets from John Quincy Adams," ABC World News Webcast, August 17, 2009 (video)
<|endofexample|>
Even the most pacifistic video-game player has a favorite gun. Perhaps yours is the Lancer, the combination assault rifle/chain saw in "Gears of War." Maybe you like the Gravity Gun in "Half-Life 2." I've always been partial to the RYNO ("rip you a new one") in "Ratchet & Clank."
The video-game gun hall of fame has a new contender, thanks to "Red Faction: Armageddon" (THQ, for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, $59.99; PC, $49.99). It's called, simply, the Magnet Gun. Your first shot fires a magnet; your second shot releases an anchor, which attracts the magnetized surface. Shoot once into a ceiling, then once onto a floor, and you can cause a building to collapse into rubble in seconds.
It's a wonderful new tool for the "Red Faction" universe, which has always thrived on large-scale property demolition. And it lifts "Armageddon" above the competition in the increasingly crowded shooter marketplace.
"Red Faction" takes place on 22nd-century Mars, which Earthlings have tried to terraform into a livable environment. In the prologue to "Armageddon," however, a cult leader has destroyed the terraformer, driving the colonists underground. There they discover a new threat, awakening a hive of vicious, insectoid aliens.
From there, "Armageddon" turns into a fairly predictable bug hunt. Your character, Darius Mason, is sent deeper into the tunnels of Mars to eradicate the aliens (as well as Adam Hale, the cult leader, and his minions). Sometimes you have Red Faction troops backing you up; other times, you're on your own.
Your arsenal is impressive. Of course you have your pistols, shotguns and assault rifles, but you also get new toys like the Nano Rifle, which shoots swarms of all-consuming nanoparticles, and the Singularity Cannon, which swallows monsters with a miniature black hole.
But the Magnet Gun is still the most effective. If you stumble across a building infested with aliens, you can crush them all by simply flattening the structure. You can hurl explosives into their midst and then set them off. If enemies are far apart, you can fling them together at high speeds, creating a satisfying squish.
Mason is also equipped with a "nanoforge," which lets him form a protective shell around himself, launch energy fields at enemies, or even rebuild broken structures. On occasion, he can slip into a heavily armored exoskeleton and bash his way through infested areas. And a few high-powered vehicles really let him crank up the destruction.
As entertaining as all this mayhem is, it does get repetitious over the course of 22 missions and about 10 hours. There isn't much variation among the aliens, and the journey underground usually takes place on a single, linear path. That will disappoint fans of the open-world exploration of the last "Red Faction" game, 2009's "Guerrilla," but it does ensure that the story keeps barreling forward.
Beyond the main plot, "Armageddon" includes an online "Infestation" mode in which players cooperate against ever-growing swarms of aliens. And then there's "Ruin," in which your goal is to destroy everything you can as quickly as possible. It's not terribly rewarding as a game, but does serve as a decent stress reliever.
If you have an appetite for destruction, "Red Faction: Armageddon" will certainly feed it. But it has no nutritional value.
<|endofexample|>
This is a 1:40 p.m. update of a story posted at 6:37 this morning.
NORTHAMPTON – A suspect who reportedly stole a vehicle in Hadley and crashed it during a police chase that stretched over the Coolidge Bridge into Northampton early Tuesday morning remained at large later in the day, police said.
Northampton Police Capt. Scott A. Savino said a Hadley police cruiser hit the rear of the suspect’s vehicle when it came to a sudden stop on Florence Road, just past the intersection of Burts Pitt Road.
“The offending vehicle, a 2010 (Chevrolet) Tahoe, stopped quickly in the middle of the road,” Savino said. Both vehicles had been heading south, he said.
The officer was not injured. The cruiser, however, sustained heavy front-end damage, Savino said.
Hadley Police Cbief Dennis P. Hukowitz said,the impact jammed the cruiser door and the officer could not get quickly out of the vehicle to give follow the suspect on foot.
Hukowitz said the Tahoe was reported stolen about 1 a.m. and that one of his officers spotted it at Route 9 and Bay Road a few minutes later.
The chase proceeded through downtown Northampton and by Northampton High School where it struck a curb and blew one of its tires.
“He was riding right on the rim,” Hukowitz said of the suspect. “There was no tire.”
Savino said the Tahoe must have fish-tailed when it stopped because it sustained damage to the passenger side door and rear quarter-panel.
Northampton, Hadley and state police, including a K-9 unit, searched for, but could not find, the suspect.
Police said the Tahoe is owned by the Burke-Whitaker Pontiac Cadillac GMC Truck dealership in Northampton was stolen from the owner of that business in Hadley.
<|endofexample|>
Russell selectmen challenged by resident over appointment of Police Chief Jennifer Dubiel
RUSSELL – Town officials were questioned last night regarding the recent appointment of a new police chief and were criticized for failing to interview a candidate with 25 years of experience and instead hiring one with three years in law enforcement.
Resident Andrew T. Fox, son of former police Chief Thomas Fox and a state trooper out of Lee, asked Select Board members Jason Boyer, Pandora Hague and Chairman Keith Cortis the process by which they selected Chief Jennifer Dubiel for the part-time position.
“The process was not fair by any stretch of the imagination,” he said when speaking in support of job candidate John “Jack” Godfrey, 61, of Montgomery.
Godfrey, contacted at home after the meeting Tuesday evening,.
Godfrey retired as a trooper at the Russell State Police barracks after 25 years, was the head of security at Stanley Park in Westfield for two years, holds a bachelor of arts degree in criminal justice, is a graduate of the police academy and a former United States Marine and Vietnam veteran.
Dubiel, a Westfield resident, is a full-time police officer at Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, graduated from a special state police academy for campus police, has been a Russell police officer for the past three years, rising to the rank of sergeant, and is currently studying for an associate’s degree in criminal justice at Holyoke Community College.
Fox asked the Board of Selectmen to rescind its decision to appoint Dubiel and start the process over again in a fair manner.
“How do you justify not rescinding your decision in the name of a fair process,” Fox said.
Hague and Cortis questioned Godfrey’s commitment to the position in light of the fact that he did not attend the meeting to speak on his own behalf.
“How badly does he want it if he’s not willing to come to the meeting,” Hague said.
Fox said that because Godfrey is not a Russell resident he did not feel comfortable addressing the Select Board, a point that Godfrey confirmed.
“I’m not a resident of Russell, but I will be more than happy to speak with them,” he said.
Godfrey said he would like to see the position reopened and governed by an independent evaluation system because Boyer and Hague “have already expressed they don’t want me.”
“I can’t get a fair and impartial interview from those two,” he said. “I’d like to see two fair and independent people interview me and my references and look at my qualifications, and if they still want her, I’ve got to accept that.”
Godfrey said he has no hard feelings against Dubiel personally, but “the bottom line is that I am vastly more qualified for that position than she is, and I was wronged by an unfair appointment of that person. In my heart of hearts, I do not believe that Jason (Boyer) and Pandora (Hague) actually read my resume. I find it hard to believe.”
Dubiel, who was at Town Hall at the time of the meeting, declined to comment.
<|endofexample|>
Greater Boston
North of Boston/ Merrimack Valley
South of Boston
Cape Cod, Martha's Vineyard & Nantucket
Central Massachusetts
Western Massachusetts
Showcasing: Family Fun
For New England's largest theme park, head to Six Flags New England in Agawam. Experience the "Glow in the Park Parade", an all new nighttime spectacular with dramatic state-of-the-art floats, cirque-style music and thousands of sparkling lights! The Dept. of Conservation and Recreation presents Park Passport, a program where families are encouraged to
<|endofexample|>
Mastodon Paraguay Show Cancelled
Due to circumstances out of the band's control, Asuncion Paraguay's Maquinaria Festival, 6th November, has been cancelled. They hope to return soon!!
Christmas michael kors outlet stores.
<|endofexample|>
Jimmy Eat World.
Not asking of me anything, saying nothing about what it means,
without anybody telling me how I should feel,
lead my skeptic sight.
Return to my Jimmy
Eat World lyrics page
The lyrics are Copyright their respective owners.
Subscribe |
Unsubscribe
Website © 2000-2012 mattsmusicpage.com. All rights reserved. Operated by MM Page, LLC
<|endofexample|>
Home > News and Events > Maxxis’ Wienen Takes Fourth ATV MX Win of 2012
Chad Wienen increased his points lead with his fourth win of the year in the ATV Motocross National Championship series. Round 7 was held June 30- July 1 in Millfield, Ohio.
Wienen went 2-1 for first overall on the weekend, holeshotting to the early lead in both motos. “The tires hooked up awesome out of the gate,” said Wienen of his Razr MX rear and Razr Cross front tires. “The track was really hard, and they put some water down that just got really slick for a while. I had a good setup with the yellow Razr MX. I had a little bobble in the first moto and [another rider] got by, but I pressured him. Into the second moto, I ripped another good start after some suspension changes and went on to run away with it.”
Josh Upperman took the third-place spot on the podium for Maxxis by going 4-3 for the weekend. Thomas Brown, who was 5-4, took fifth place overall, and Mark Madl was 6-6 and sixth overall. Upperman and Brown are fourth and fifth in the series’ points standings, while Madl is seventh.
Maxxis congratulates Chad Wienen on his latest victory and thanks all of its riders for their fine performances.
<|endofexample|>
Reprints
A single copy of this article may be reprinted for personal, noncommercial use only.
West Nile virusBy Mayo Clinic staff
Original Article:
Definition.
Symptoms.
Causes
CLICK TO ENLARGE
Infection transmitted by mosquitoes. Midwestern and Southern states have recently had the highest incidence rates.
- Time spent outside. If you work or spend time outdoors, you have a greater chance of being bitten by an infected mosquito.
Risk of serious infection:
- Age. Adults older than age 50 are at higher risk of infection.
- Health. Those who have a weakened immune system, such as after receiving an organ transplant with anti-rejection medication, are at greater risk of infection.
Preparing for your appointment.
What to expect from your doctor.
Tests and diagnosis. A positive ribonucleic acid (RNA) test for the West Nile virus also is an indicator that you have the virus.
- tests your brain's activity — or an MRI scan can help detect brain inflammation.
Treatments and drugs
Supportive therapy.
Interferon therapy.
Prevention.
A vaccine is available to protect horses from West Nile virus. No vaccine is available for humans, but work to develop a human vaccine is under way.
-
<|endofexample|>
No sympathy for this devil
Some viewers have been put off by the impulsive Freddie, finding him coarse, unsympathetic and impenetrable. But Anderson drops hints about his past along the way, detailing Freddie's deep desire for family and stability, a longing that leads him to Dodd.
?'" -- The Huffington Post
<|endofexample|>
Keith Groller
9:12 PM EDT, May 3, 2012
It took about a month, but finally we've seen some separation of contenders from pretenders in this high school softball season.
With just one week left in the regular season, we've pretty well firmed up seven of the eight league tournament spots in the Lehigh Valley Conference and Colonial League.
In the LVC, Emmaus, Parkland and Liberty look like your division winners.
The remaining battle is for the wild-card slot where five teams — Bethlehem Catholic, Easton, Nazareth, Northampton and Whitehall — all entered play on Thursday with a shot at snaring the fourth playoff berth.
All five of those teams entered Thursday's games with either four or five LVC losses, but Whitehall's 2-1 defeat of Northampton in eight innings gave the K-Kids a sixth league loss which may be too tough to overcome.
Several big games close the regular season next week.
Northampton plays Parkland under the lights on Tuesday and Nazareth on Thursday. And Whitehall faces Nazareth on Tuesday and Parkland on Thursday.
Bethlehem Catholic, rained out of its game against Liberty on Thursday, still has the Hurricanes and Easton to play.
Of course, it's quite possible that extra games will be needed as they were last year when three teams tied for the final slot and two extra games were needed.
In the Colonial League, it's much easier to find the final four.
Saucon Valley has already won the South Division and Pen Argyl and Palmerton have already clinched playoff spots. The Green Knights, barring a major collapse, will win win the North Division.
Northwestern needs a win over either Bangor or Catasauqua next week to clinch the fourth playoff position.
Pen Argyl meets red-hot Palmerton on Monday in what could be a preview of the league finals.
In addition to finalizing league playoff positions, the season's final week will offer some district drama as Wilson, Southern Lehigh and Notre Dame all try to nail down district tourney berths.
Spartans coach Brian Neefe got his 700th career victory on Monday, but what may have him more upbeat is that his young team has started to play better after an often exasperating start.
In the Mountain Valley Conference, Pleasant Valley remains unbeaten and will be the favorite to win another league title.
Stroudsburg, Pocono Mountain East and Lehighton, a big winner over East Stroudsburg South on Thursday, will round out the MVC foursome.
And, in the Berks County League, both Brandywine and Kutztown have won their divisions and will be major factors in next week's league tournament.
GREYHOUNDS HIT ROAD
Moravian College is going for another Landmark Conference title, but this time the Greyhounds have to travel.
Susquehanna is the tournament host and Moravian will be in Selinsgrove today for a 1 p.m. contest against Scranton while the host Crusaders take on Catholic in the 11 a.m. tourney opener.
Moravian and Susquehanna, who finished league play at 12-2 apiece, split their doubleheader earlier this season.
The Greyhounds, who are 29-9 and ranked second in the NCAA East Region, are going for their fifth straight Landmark title and 15th conference championship under John Byrne.
Freshman Dior George (Liberty) leads the team in hitting with a .417 average. Jenn Dalickas (Brandywine) and Shannen Mohr (Parkland) are batting .366 and .351 respectively.
AND THE WINNER IS …
Lots of league accolades were earned by Lehigh Valley-area products this week. Among them:
• Misericordia freshman Kristi Seiler (Northern Lehigh) was named first-team all-Freedom Conference and rookie of the year. Seiler led the team in RBIs (37) and doubles (14) and was second in batting (.400), slugging (.633), on-base percentage (.447), hits (48), home runs (4) and total bases (76).
•Delaware Valley College sophomore shortstop Jackie Wear (Northwestern Lehigh) was named the Freedom Conference player of the year. Wear was among the league leaders in batting average (.496), hits (57), doubles (18), total bases (101), steals (2), home runs (eight), runs scored (38).
•DeSales senior outfielder Brianna Chilcoat (Northampton) was named to the all-Freedom Conference first team and DeSales junior third baseman Julie Brugger (Liberty) was named to the second team.
Chilcoat batted .322 with a team-high 31 runs scored and 15 steals. She capped her career with a home run in her final at-bat.
Brugger batted .358 with 13 doubles and team-highs in home runs (five) and RBIs (30). Brugger only struck out nine times in 129 plate appearances and had a .922 fielding percentage.
•Messiah sophomore Sarah Seneca (Saucon Valley) was named the co-Centennial Conference player of the year after leading her team in batting average (.437), on-base percentage (.469), runs scored (44), hits (59), triples (8), and total bases (81). She appeared in all 39 games and as a catcher helped the Falcons' pitching staff earn a conference-best 1.52 earned run average.
•East Stroudsburg senior Rachel Gieringer was named PSAC East player of the year. She was a bright spot in a tough year for the Warriors, hitting .355 with five home runs and 25 RBIs to go with a .529 slugging percentage and a .399 on-base percentage. Despite being hampered by injury, she played in all 41 games for ESU.
•Kutztown University coach Judy Lawes was named the PSAC East coach of the year. Lawes and the Golden Bears are having the best season in school history, a 45-4 mark entering a NCAA North Atlantic Regional they are hosting this weekend. Kutztown plays Winston-Salem State at 3:30 p.m. today.
The Golden Bears were ranked second in the country, but lost two of three games in the PSAC tournament last weekend in Drifton.
Earlier this season, Lawes recorded her 750th career win.
•IUP won its second straight PSAC title and sophomore pitcher Kelly King (Bethlehem Catholic) earned all-PSAC Central honors. King enters the regional at Kutztown with a 19-6 mark and 2.10 ERA. She tied for first in the PSAC with 10 shutouts. In the PSAC tourney, she tossed an eight-inning one-hitter to beat Bloomsburg in the semifinals.
<|endofexample|>
For Notre Dame Everett Golson has completed eight of 16 for 93 yards. Theo Riddick is the leading rusher with 22 yards in five carries.
---
More from the Sun-Sentinel:
A variety of celebrities, high-profile former college players, current star college athletes and coaches were on hand for the game. The list included Vince Vaughn, Martin Short, Regis Philbin, Jon Bon Jovi, Jerome Bettis, Trent Richardson, Mark Ingram, Johnny Manziel, Urban Meyer, Gino Torretta, Joe Theismann, Eddie George, Jimmy Clausen and Brady Quinn.
Notre Dame fans booed Manziel when he was honored pregame, likely because they wanted star Notre Dame linebacker Manti Te'o to win the Heisman Trophy. Te'o finished second behind Manziel.
Add to note:
And Manziel will remain the only quarterback in the stadium to have defeated Alabama this season.
---
Alabama Coach Nick Saban in a halftime television interview:
"We played well offensively. We're controlled the line of scrimmage. We have good balance. That's what you want to have. Defensively, we're doing a pretty good job. They hit a couple of plays on us, but we've just got to play 60 minutes in a game, This game is not over and our players got to understand that."
Your defense is doing a "pretty good" job? Notre Dame has gained 124 yards and hasn't converted a third-down play.
"This game is not over." Really? Sure looks like it.
From Notre Dame Coach Brian Kelly:
"It's all Alabama. We can't tackle them right now and who knows why. They're big and physical. I guess I do know why. Our guys have not tackled the way we have all year.... Credit Alabama. They played a great first half. We've gotta go in there and get after it and play with some pride in the second half and try get this thing closer so we can try to find a way to win."
Comment:
Good luck with that.
Alabama 28, Notre Dame 0 (halftime)
Any chance Alabama would back off up three touchdowns and with the ball at its own 29 with less than four minutes to play in the half?
Uh, no.
<|endofexample|>
Kathleen, Ga.: Laurence Larry Odland, 84, entered into rest on Wednesday, July 27, 2011.
Mr. Odland was born on June 27, 1927, in Claremont, S.D., and had lived in Warner Robins since 1992. He earned his bachelor of science degree in industrial engineering from the University of South Dakota. A U.S. Navy Seabee Veteran, he was a self-employed farmer and farm implement dealer. First United Methodist Church was his church home, where he also volunteered at the food pantry. His parents, Victor C. Odland and Mary Peterson Miller Odland, preceded him in death.
His memory will forever be treasured by his beloved and devoted wife of 65 years, Marian Iris Kline Odland; children: Teresa Kay Long, Tucson, Okla., Nancy Anna Wiedrich, Watonga, S.C., Laura Lee Webb, Kathleen, Victor Laurence Odland, Belvidere, S.D., and Vincent George Odland, Huntsville, Ala.; 16 grandchildren; 36 great-grandchildren; and siblings: Winston Odland, Aberdeen, S.D., and Phyllis Blake, Sioux Falls, S.D.
A memorial service will be held at 11 a.m. on Saturday, July 30, 2011, in the chapel of McCullough Funeral Home.
» The latest on traffic, delays and road construction delivered to your mobile phone. Click to sign up to receive text alerts!
Go to mcculloughfh.com to sign the online registry for the family.
McCullough Funeral Home has charge of arrangements.
<|endofexample|>
Displaying items 49-60 of 789 » View mcall.com items only
< Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11-66 Next >: Companies and Corporations, Marketing, Media Industry, Chemical Industry, Computing and Information Technology Industry., Authors, Social Media, Patricia Cornwell
Forbes' tally of billionaires jumps 16%; Buffett drops in list
This post has been corrected. See below for details. The list of the world's ultimate 1% has grown: Forbes magazine said its tally of billionaires around the globe climbed 16% over last year. Topping the list is Carlos Slim, a telecommunications mogul...
Tags: Amancio Ortega, Banking, Warren Buffett, Media Industry, Bill Gates: Frank Gehry, Sean Parker, Media Industry, Highway Transportation, Arts
Vanessa Redgrave shows Jesse Eisenberg the way in 'The Revisionist'
NEW...
Tags: Social Sciences, Vanessa Redgrave, Judaism, The Holocaust (1934-1945), Sociology
City Lights: Unplugging in a fast-paced digital worldI'm living an austere lifestyle as I write these words. At least, as austere as possible under the circumstances. My Twitter and Facebook accounts are logged off. My iPhone, which harbors my Hotmail account and text messages, is in my pocket untouched....
Tags: Google Inc., Libraries, Robert Frost, Twitter, Inc., Joe DiMaggio
Silicon Valley to boost clout in Washington
SAN FRANCISCO — For years, Silicon Valley companies wanted as little to do with Washington as possible. Hiring lobbyists to promote and protect their interests was about as far as they went. But a new generation of technology entrepreneurs...
Tags: Companies and Corporations, Parties and Movements, Media Industry, Bill Gates, Computing and Information Technology Industry: Black Eyed Peas (music group), Justice System, Media Industry, Square, Inc., Marissa Mayer
Hopkins researcher receives new award to spotlight scientists
Many,...
Tags: Entertainment Events, Genetics, Colleges and Universities, Medical Research, Science
Three independent bookstores sue Amazon, publishers
Three independent bookstores have filed a class action suit against Amazon and the six major publishers, accusing them of creating a monopoly in e-book sales. The complaint, filed in New York on Feb. 15, focuses on digital rights management, known as DRM....
Tags: Books and Magazines, Justice System, Books, Amazon Kindle, Media Industry: O.J. Simpson, Monica Lewinsky, Apple iPhone, Hurricane Katrina (2005), Harry Potter (fictional character)
A Feminist Looks Down From The PenthouseThe Hartford CourantA new book suggests that ambitious women should "lean in" to achieve success. What do we mean by "an ambitious woman"? What defines "achieving success"? Most important, what is "a new book"? OK, I know the answer to that one: A new book is where we...
Tags: Google Inc., Cultural Development, U.S. Department of the Treasury, Feminism, Culture
Mar 6, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 20, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Mar 4, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 28, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Apr 2, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 27, 2013 |Story| Daily Pilot
Mar 29, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 26, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Feb 21, 2013 |Story| Baltimore Sun
Feb 20, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Mar 22, 2013 |Story| Burbank Leader
Mar 21, 2013 |Column| Hartford Courant
Original site for Mark Zuckerberg topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Landauer Incorporated published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 21 » View mcall.com items only
1 2 Next >: Transportation Accidents, Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., Motorvehicle Accidents: Pizzas, Business, Clothing, Accessories, and Shoes, Foods and Beverages, Hotel and Accommodation Industry: Material Sciences Corporation, Dillard's Incorporated, The Middleby Corporation, LKQ Corporation, Norwegian Cruise Line: First Aid, South Whitehall Township, Executive Branch, Tropical Storms, Charity
I guess the Dorney Park Wild Water System is off the table...Valley 610Here's your fun fact for the day. If approved, Allentown's proposed water and sewer lease would retain exclusive naming rights for the city utility systems. According to the draft agreement, which Mayor Ed Pawlowski released last week in preparation for...
Race Street deaths turn key on safety reviewQ: As a frequent traveler on Race Street, I long worried that something bad would happen one day regarding the people waiting for the bus at the roadside. First, there should have been a shelter there for people to wait in. Second, some of the folks at...
Tags: Injuries and Wounds, Lehigh County, Traffic, Catasauqua
Classically Trained: Pianist gives stellar performance
It was great to be indoors again. After months in the summer heat — which got dangerously excessive at times for this orchestra to play in — at parks and the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater, the Pacific Symphony returned to its Costa Mesa...
Tags: Verizon Wireless, James Conlon, Music Industry, Culture, Opera (genre)
Wednesday Morning Coffee: PA Ethics Commission launches probe of state liquor board.Capitol Ideas with John L. MicekGood Wednesday Morning, Fellow Seekers. The Pennsylvania Ethics Commission is investigating claims that three top officials at the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board accepted gifts and favors last year from vendors and other businesses with an interest...
Saturday's CalendarS.,...
Tags: Concerts, Foods and Beverages, Chicken, Judaism, Culture
Classically Trained: Acoustics add to chamber concert at Soka...
Tags: Concerts, Verizon Wireless, Festive Events, Entertainment Events, Music Industry
- |Story
Art review: Denver's Clyfford Still MuseumCulture MonsterChristopher Knight reviews the new Clyfford Still Museum in Denver...
May 16, 2013 |Story| Allentown Morning Call
May 11, 2013 |Column| Allentown Morning Call
May 6, 2013 |Story| Chicago Tribune
Oct 26, 2012 |Story| Allentown Morning Call
Oct 22, 2012 | Allentown Morning Call
Oct 4, 2012 |Column| Allentown Morning Call
Sep 27, 2012 |Story| Daily Pilot
Aug 22, 2012 | Allentown Morning Call
May 11, 2012 |Story| Daily Pilot
Feb 17, 2012 |Story| Coastline Pilot
Feb 6, 2012 |Story| Chicago Tribune
Nov 20, 2011 | Los Angeles Times
Original site for Landauer Incorporated topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Highlights
A collection of news and information related to Josh Evans published by this site and its partners.
Displaying items 1-12 of 76 » View mcall.com items only
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next >
OW Racciato heads All-Colonial League wrestling teamThe Varsity BlogDistrict...
Record-setting efforts at weightlifting eventThe Varsity BlogT......
LOCAL BRIEFS: SOFTBALLWildcats thrash Red Devils BRALWEY — The Brawley Union High softball team crushed Sweetwater High of National City, 16-0, in a nonleague game here Thursday. Pitcher Bree Rogers recorded the win, striking out four batters and giving up only three...
Tags: College Baseball, Baseball: University of Connecticut Football, Kenjon Barner, Manti Te'o, Mike Williams, (wide receiver, born 1987), DeAndre Hopkins
Arabs felled by Knights, 9-2SAN DIEGO — The Imperial Valley College baseball team suffered a 9-2 defeat here Friday to San Diego City College in a Pacific Coast Athletic Conference game. For the Arabs, Santiago Arce accrued three hits in the loss, while Josh Evans finished...
Tags: College Baseball: College Basketball, Nick Saban, U.S. Army, Florida State University, Schools
Gators sign S Keanu Neal, the No. 1 player in Sentinel's 2013 Central Florida Super60
Keanu Neal, S, South Sumter Ht: 6-1 Wt: 200 Class: 2013 Recruiting Buzz: Neal is another piece of an excellent group of defensive backs signed by the Gators. Ranked No. 1 in the Sentinel’s 2013 Central Florida Super60, Neal might have been...
Tags: Football
South Sumter's Keanu "Keke" Neal, No. 1 in the Sentinel's Super60, signs with Florida
Like older brother Clinton Hart, who spent seven seasons in the NFL with the Philadelphia Eagles, San Diego Chargers and St.Louis Rams, South Sumter safety Keanu "Keke" Neal hopes to be playing on Sundays as well. If it happens, Neal will be taking a...
Tags: College Baseball, St. Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers, Football, Philadelphia Eagles: Atlantic Coast Conference, Southeastern Conference, Tennessee Volunteers, Urban Meyer, Alabama Crimson Tide
Florida Gators go for 26 straight against Kentucky WildcatsSwamp Things - Gators Blog - Orlando Sentinel:...
Gators announce depth chart for season openerSwamp Things - Gators Blog - Orlando SentinelGators announce depth chart for season opener...
Feb 25, 2013 | Allentown Morning Call
Jan 31, 2012 |Story| Allentown Morning Call
May 3, 2011 | Allentown Morning Call
Mar 29, 2013 |Story| Imperial Valley Press Online
Mar 25, 2013 |Story| Hartford Courant
Mar 16, 2013 |Story| Imperial Valley Press Online
Feb 8, 2013 | Orlando Sentinel
Feb 6, 2013 | Orlando Sentinel
Feb 6, 2013 | Orlando Sentinel
Nov 19, 2012 | Orlando Sentinel
Sep 22, 2012 | Orlando Sentinel
Aug 27, 2012 | Orlando Sentinel
Original site for Josh Evans topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
Displaying items 37-48 of 170 » View mcall.com items only
< Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11-15 Next >
Co-author of Mike Piazza biography says catcher did not use PEDs
Now, he’s biased, OK? He has money at stake. And the reality is, he doesn’t know with absolute certainty. But for what it’s worth, the co-writer of Mike Piazza’s upcoming biography says he believes the former Dodgers catcher...
Tags: Long Island, Barry Bonds, Vin Scully
Pete Rose: Hall of Fame decision is 'kind of sad'
No...
Tags: Jeff Kent, Barry Bonds, Tom Glavine, Baseball, Voting: Barry Bonds, Baseball, Red Schoendienst, Mark McGwire, Disneyland Park, Barry Bonds, Jeff Bagwell, Baseball, Roger Clemens
Mike Piazza, Dodger, and the Hall of Fame vote
Wonder what our Mike Piazza is really thinking right now? Not all that surprised, I’d imagine. Not exactly thrilled, either. The 2013 Hall of Fame vote was announced Wednesday without a single player garnering the required 75% of the vote to...
Tags: Jeff Kent, MLB Rookie of the Year Award, Tom Glavine, Barry Bonds,: Barry Bonds, Baseball, Roger Clemens, Bud Selig: Barry Bonds, Baseball, Cy Young Award, Roger Clemens, National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum: Diseases and Illnesses, Barry Bonds, Baseball, Michael Jordan, Lupus, Barry Bonds, Baseball, Roger Clemens, National Baseball Hall of Fame and: Barry Bonds, Baseball, Cy Young Award, Detroit Tigers, Voting: Steve Finley, Barry Bonds, Curt Schilling, Baseball, Donald Fehr: Barry Bonds, Jeff Bagwell, Baseball, Steroids, Roger Clemens
Jan 11, 2013 |Story| Los Angeles Times
Original site for Mike Piazza topic gallery.
<|endofexample|>
A banking brawl broke out over the surprise announcement Friday that Wells Fargo plans to buy Wachovia for $15 billion, an agreement that upsets the previously stunning Wachovia-Citigroup deal announced Monday.
In an interview, Wells Fargo chief executive John Stumpf said Charlotte-based Wachovia and San Francisco-based Wells have signed a merger agreement and that we're very confident that this will lead to a combination. Wells said it expects the deal to be completed by year's end.
Citigroup shot back with a statement demanding Wachovia and Wells terminate the transaction.
It seems likely that one of the banks will win Wachovia. But there is no consensus on what that new presence would look like or how many jobs would be lost. Each side promises to base headquarters of some operations in Charlotte but is not specifying job cuts, which typically come with mega-mergers.
Read the complete story at charlotteobserver.com
<|endofexample|>
WASHINGTON — Republicans are taking a bold political gamble by pushing historic changes in Medicare and Social Security..
Democrats think the GOP has given them a gift, an issue they can use to illustrate how Republicans and their well-heeled friends are ready to abandon generations-old societal obligations to seniors.
But its not clear whos got the political advantage, if any. The major GOP Medicare plans wouldnt affect anyone now 55 and over, and those under that age may care more about arresting the ballooning federal debt and Medicares impact on it than the health of the program decades from now.
Study after study has found that to pare the governments record debt significantly, the ever-rising costs of Social Security and Medicare must be slowed. Social Security and Medicare accounted for 36 percent of federal spending in fiscal 2011, and as baby boomers age, those costs are projected to keep rising.
Polls show that the economy is the primary voter concern in the 2012 elections, but these two giant entitlement programs are part of the economic equation.
There is one big issue, and thats the economy, said Peter Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University poll. For some people there are aspects of it more important than others, but generally the economy is issue one through 29.
A Pew Research Center poll in January found that securing Social Security ranked fifth and securing Medicare seventh on the publics priority list for Congress; strengthening the economy was first, followed by improving the job situation, combating terrorism and reducing the budget deficit. Improving education ranked sixth.
Still, even suggesting tinkering with Medicare and Social Security carries political risks . The eligibility age for full benefits is now gradually increasing. For those born after 1960, it will be 67. Romney would increase it further, allowing it to rise along with increases in longevity. He also would slow the growth in benefits somewhat for wealthier recipients; no details have been disclosed.
Romneys playing with fire. You always are when you delve into Social Security and Medicare, said Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia.
Yet this could be the year the conventional political rules change, because the skyrocketing federal debt is such an ominous threat to the nations economic well-being.
Its hard to ignore that piece (the debt) totally, Sabato acknowledged..
Congress can introduce the powerful forces of consumer choice and competition into Medicare, forcing health plans and providers to deliver value for taxpayer and beneficiary dollars, it said in a recent report.
All sides agree that something has to be done to control Medicare costs and, to a lesser degree, Social Security. The report issued last month by the programs trustees urged: Lawmakers should not delay addressing the long-run financial challenges facing Social Security and Medicare.
Social Securitys financial shortfall is less urgent; the trustees estimated that its trust fund reserves will be exhausted in 2033. After that, tax income would be enough to pay only about three-quarters of scheduled benefits through 2086.
Medicares situation is more dire. The trustees estimated that the programs hospital insurance trust fund will be depleted by 2024.
President Barack Obama last month described the problem in a speech to newspaper editors. Because health care costs keep rising and the baby boom generation is retiring, Medicare, we all know, is one of the biggest drivers of our long-term deficit. Thats a challenge we have to meet by bringing down the cost of health care overall so that seniors and taxpayers can share in the savings, he said.
He blasted the Republican plan for premium support, saying, Its a bad idea and it will ultimately end Medicare as we know it.
Democrats major strategy for cutting costs is the 15-member Independent Payment Advisory Board, created by the 2010 federal health care law. The board, appointed by the president and subject to Senate confirmation, would include physicians and patient advocates. It will recommend ways to save money. The laws provisions aim to strip about $480 billion from Medicare costs over the next 12 years.
Obama touted the commission last month as a panel not made up of bureaucrats from government or insurance companies, but doctors and nurses and medical experts and consumers, who will look at all the evidence and recommend the best way to reduce unnecessary health care spending while protecting access to the care that the seniors need.
Republicans claim the panel would have too much power to make important medical decisions. It wouldnt, because its recommendations would be subject to congressional review. In March, though, the GOP-led House of Representatives voted to do away with it. That proposal is going nowhere in the Democratic-run Senate.
You have two fundamentally different approaches, said Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee.
<|endofexample|>
Students learn definitions, concrete forms for footings, piers, columns, foundation walls, and various foundation wall openings. They study fluid pressure checks, rate of pour, and monitoring the pour. The course also includes types of wall forms, advantages of gang and panel forms, estimating materials and number of forms, methods of bracing forms, and monitoring form stability during pouring operations. Students construct a foundation wall form with pilaster door and window openings.
<|endofexample|>
June 23 2012
7 PM
I agree to these terms and conditions.
When The Wagoneers first came together in late 1986, little did they know how fitting the name they chose would become over time. Back then they were just four young Texas musicians barely into their twenties who wanted to write, play and sing real country music. Now reunited a quarter century later, The Wagoneers are heralded as pioneers and trailblazers, and rightly so. The group broke and seeded the ground for Americana and alternative country plus presaged the rise of young country that is in full bloom today in Nashville as well as a thriving revival of roots and progressive country in their hometown of Austin, Texas. They did it through the power of their songs and a potent unity as a genuine band. And their best is yet to come.
Hailed in Rolling Stone by veteran journalist and country music expert Chet Flippo as “the best honky-tonk band I’ve ever seen,”Monte Warden (lead vocals and rhythm guitar), Brent Wilson (lead guitar and backing vocals), Tom Lewis (drums) and Craig Pettigrew (bass and backing vocals) made a “contribution to the never-ending search for real country music that places them in the history books,” says All Music Guide. Raul Malo and Jeff Tweedy have both credited The Wagoneers for paving the way for their own respective bands, The Mavericks and Uncle Tupelo. In the two decades since the group broke up, The Wagoneers’ legend has continued to grow.
June 23 2012
930-‘em.
– Chris Morris.
Please bring your email confirmation and a valid photo ID for proof of age and ticket purchase.
Reserved seats are held until showtime. Seats will be released at that time (you will still have entry, but it will be general admission).
A NON-REFUNDABLE $5.00 per ticket service charge will be added to the purchase price of each ticket sold online - in the instance of a show cancellation the service charge will not be refunded.
The name in the 'Shipping Address' portion of your order will be the name your tickets are held under at the door - if you are buying tickets for someone else, indicate their name in these fields.
Chicago Ecommerce Mobile Design: Tecture
<|endofexample|>
All eyes turn to the Senate over the fate of the CLASS Act
Providers will be among the interested stakeholders watching closely for signs whether the Senate will follow the House's lead and vote to repeal the CLASS Act. Many observers believe the Democrat-led Senate will not, but there has been at least a minor shift in momentum for it recently. Various news reports have detailed what it could mean to have the dormant measure still on the books, and fiscal conservatives don't like it. Meanwhile, proponents of the first-ever government long-term care benefit continue to press their opponents with the question: If not CLASS, then what?
<|endofexample|>
About Us - Contact Us - Our Products - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy
All images and information on this web site are Copyright © 2002-2013 McQueen Laboratory Supply Company.
All specifications are subject to change without notice and are deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
All information current as of Saturday, May 18, 2013
<|endofexample|>
Each level increases in difficulty by introducing baddies like spiders, snakes and birds. Also later levels have multiple bug colours that only like to eat the same colour of fruit! Another gameplay mechanic to watch out for is the closing in storm! If this takes hold your game comes to a lightning bolt crashing end! Get your bugs to bounce into the sun to push back the storm clouds and get more time. Points score can be increased per fruit eaten, by getting bugs to only touch their colour fruit.
Challenge modes allow huge amounts of replay, the first challenge mode is called "Timed" and is basically a get the highest score you can in two minutes. Great fun for people who want to get on the high score tables. The second challenge mode is "Survival" and turns each fruit into an extra second of time. Keep getting the bugs to eat fruit to have more time in the challenge!
With dynamic weather graphics and effects, along with cute graphics and sound effects, "Banzai Bugs" is a great time waster that has the sort of gameplay you can pick up and play for as long or short a time as you have to hand.
HD version and iPad version.
Unique Selling Points:
Simple Controls.
Dynamic weather effects, based on gameplay.
Challenge Modes give unlimited gameplay
Game Center enabled
Great music and Sound effects
Cute main characters (Red, Green Yellow Bugs)
Cute baddies (Snake, Spider and Bird)
Local best score stored, for personal best comparisons.
Achievements throughout the game, as well as various High score tables.
All artwork remains copyright 2011 - Devilish Developments Inc.
Contact Details:
contact@devilishdevelopments.com
<|endofexample|>
Atari said it had "received a letter from Infogrames Entertainment SA, Atari Inc's major share holder regarding iESA's non-binding expression of intent to acquire outstanding common stock" in the firm.
Infogrames said it would pay owners of the remaining stock a $0.02 premium on the price it closed at on NASDAQ, $1.66.
Although not guaranteed - the move needs the approval of the Atari board - the move would effectively turn the subsidiary private and makes good on new Infogrames CEO David Gardner's promise to 'reboot' the firm and the Atari brand, as revealed by MCV a few weeks ago. Gardner told us that the situation with the US office was 'not ideal' - buying the firm up to bring it under Infogrames' remit seems to be the solution.
Infogrames continues to grab headlines of late - it recently tempted former SCE worldwide studios figurehead Phil Harrison to join Gardner as president and help transform the company.
Advertisement
<|endofexample|>
UK games retailer GAME has once again targeted the popular Modern Warfare franchise for some heavy discounting with both new and pre-owned prices for the original Call of Duty: Modern Warfare being driven to an all-new low.
Last week GAME hit the headlines for selling Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 for just £19.98 – an unusually low price for what remains a chart-topping game six months after its UK debut.
Now it’s offering the first game in the series for £11.98 new. Furthermore, pre-owned copies are available for just £4.98.
The offers are available both online and in-store.
Advertisement
<|endofexample|>
Having begun its journey through the Venezuelan court system last August, violent video games have now officially been banned in the formally Spanish-owned South American republic.
Games Thirst reports that the Law for the Prohibition of Violent Video Games and Toys came into effect last Wednesday that prohibits the sale, import, manufacture, rental or distribution of any game deemed to be violent.
These are described as “video games or programs that can be use on personal computers, arcade systems, consoles, portable devices or mobile telephones, or any other electronic or telephonic device, that contain information or images that promote or incite violence and the use of weapons”.
Those found guilty face between three and five years in jail. The purchase or promotion of offending titles is now punishable by fine.
Colourful and outspoken Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez in January claimed that video games are a capitalist tool designed to sow violence and aid the sale of arms and drugs.
“Those games they call PlayStation are poison,” he claimed. “That's capitalism, the road to hell.”
Advertisement
<|endofexample|>
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment has detailed a restructuring of its its sales teams.
In a move that will 'bring closer alignment to the sales and supply chain teams within the Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group', the publisher has made two key promotions.
Kevin Kebodeaux will lead the new sales organisation as SVP for sales in the Americas while Olivier Wolff becomes SVP international for Games.
Wolff will be responsible for 'setting and leading commercial strategies that build the WBIE business outside of the Americas'. He will now oversee sales and marketing efforts and work in a consultative role with country management and WBIE staff.
Wolff will 'drive aggressive growth while ensuring a well-orchestrated approach to the business' the firm said in a statement. He will report to games boss Martin Tremblay and Jim Wuthrich, president of the international business for Warner's home video and digital division. Wolff will continue in his current role as MD of Warner Bros in Spain, overseeing home video, games and digital.
“As a veteran in the home entertainment business, Olivier brings a unique mix of skills to WBIE’s sales organization,” said Tremblay. “His international experience, packaged goods expertise, as well as his marketing background will be essential in this newly combined role.”
Meanwhile Kebodeaux will be charged with developing pan-American distribution strategies for games that are integrated with Warner Home Video.
“Kevin’s proven record as a sales executive combined with his focus, energy and management skills make him an ideal person to spearhead our sales efforts in the Americas,” said Tremblay.
“This promotion recognizes his many accomplishments and his increasing level of responsibility within the organisation.”
Advertisement
<|endofexample|>
Entries in 'secomd' (2)
Second PS3 global glitch tipped by Paddy Power
The PS3 crisis is officially over – but if for some reason you think PS3 is in line for a second global meltdown, bookmaker Paddy Power is willing to take ...
No trade-in kiosks for Best Buy UK
Carphone Warehouse has told MCV that there are no plans to bring the trade-in ‘vending machines’ seen in Best Buy US stores to the UK.
<|endofexample|>
Association of industry funding with the outcome and quality of randomized controlled trials of drug therapy for rheumatoid arthritis
Arthritis & Rheumatism, 05/04/2012
Khan NA et al. – Industry funding was not associated with higher likelihood of positive outcomes of published drug therapy randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for rheumatoid arthritis (RA), and reported better on some key RCT quality measures.Methods
- MEDLINE and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials databases were searched to identify original RA drug therapy RCTs published in 2002–3 & 2006–7.
- Two reviewers independently assessed each RCT for the funding source, characteristics, outcome [positive (statistically significant result favoring experimental drug for the primary outcome) or not positive], and reporting of methodological measures whose inadequate performance may bias treatment effect assessment.
- RCTs registered at ClinicalTrials.gov and completed in the study years were assessed for publication bias.
- 103 eligible RCTs were identified with following funding sources: 58 (56.3%) industry; 19 (18.4%) non–profit; 6 (5.8%) mixed; and 20 (19.4%) unspecified.
- Industry funded RCTs had significantly more study centers and subjects; while non–profit funded RCTs had longer duration, and were more likely to study different treatment strategies.
- Outcome could be assessed for 86 (83.5%) RCTs.
- Funding source was not associated with higher likelihood of positive outcomes favoring the sponsored experimental drug [industry (75.5%), non–profit (68.8%), mixed (40%), and unspecified (81.2%); p = 0.37].
- Industry funded RCTs had trend towards higher likelihood of non–publication (38.6% versus 16.7%, p = 0.093). Industry–funded RCTs reported more frequent performance of double–blinding, adequate participant flow description, and intention–to–treat analysis.
<|endofexample|>
- freely available
- re-usable
Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2008, 9(11), 2290-2305; doi:10.3390/ijms9112290
Article
Simulation of Doxorubicin Delivery via Glucosamine(ethylene glycol) Carrier
1 Chemical Engineering Department, Faculty of Chemical Engineering Kasetsart University, 50 Phaholyothin Road, Bangkok 10900, Thailand 2 National Center of Excellence for Petroleum, Petrochemicals and Advanced Materials, Kasetsart University, Bangkok, 10900, Thailand
* Author to whom correspondence should be addressed.
Received: 20 August 2008; in revised form: 2 October 2008 / Accepted: 13 November 2008 / Published: 21 November 2008
(This article belongs to the Section Physical Chemistry, Theoretical and Computational Chemistry)
Abstract: This.
Keywords: Doxorubicin; Drug Delivery; Ethylene glycol; Glucosamine; Micelle
Article StatisticsClick here to load and display the download statistics.
Notes: Multiple requests from the same IP address are counted as one view.
Cite This Article
MDPI and ACS Style
Pirawattana, T.; Srinophakun, T. Simulation of Doxorubicin Delivery via Glucosamine(ethylene glycol) Carrier. Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2008, 9, 2290-2305.AMA Style.
Int. J. Mol. Sci. EISSN 1422-0067 Published by MDPI AG, Basel, Switzerland RSS E-Mail Table of Contents Alert
<|endofexample|>
- freely available
- re-usable
Sensors 2012, 12(8), 10881-10889; doi:10.3390/s120810881
Article
A Comb-Drive Actuator Driven by Capacitively-Coupled-Power
1 Institute of NanoEngineering and MicroSystems, National Tsing Hua University, 101, Sec. 2, Kuang-Fu Rd., Hsinchu 30013, Taiwan 2 Department of Mechanical Engineering, National United University, 1, Lienda, Miaoli 36003, Taiwan
* Author to whom correspondence should be addressed.
Received: 20 June 2012; in revised form: 17 July 2012 / Accepted: 27 July 2012 / Published: 7 August 2012
(This article belongs to the Special Issue Transducer Systems)
The original version is still available [372 KB, uploaded 7 August 2012 08:36 CEST]
Abstract: This paper presents a new actuation mechanism to drive comb-drive actuators. An asymmetric configuration of the finger overlap was used to generate capacitive coupling for the actuation mechanism. When the driving voltages were applied on the stators, a voltage would be induced at the rotor due to the capacitive coupling. Then, an electrostatic force would be exerted onto the rotor due to the voltage differences between the stators and the rotor. The actuator’s static displacement and resonant frequency were theoretically analyzed. To verify the design, a comb-drive actuator with different initial finger overlaps,.
Keywords: actuation mechanism; capacitive coupling; electrostatic actuators
Article StatisticsClick here to load and display the download statistics.
Notes: Multiple requests from the same IP address are counted as one view.
Cite This Article
MDPI and ACS Style
Chang, C.-M.; Wang, S.-Y.; Chen, R.; Yeh, J.A.; Hou, M.T. A Comb-Drive Actuator Driven by Capacitively-Coupled-Power. Sensors 2012, 12, 10881-10889.AMA Style
Chang C-M, Wang S-Y, Chen R, Yeh JA, Hou MT. A Comb-Drive Actuator Driven by Capacitively-Coupled-Power. Sensors. 2012; 12(8):10881-10889.Chicago/Turabian Style
Chang, Chao-Min; Wang, Shao-Yu; Chen, Rongshun; Yeh, J. Andrew; Hou, Max T. 2012. "A Comb-Drive Actuator Driven by Capacitively-Coupled-Power." Sensors 12, no. 8: 10881-10889.
Sensors EISSN 1424-8220 Published by MDPI AG, Basel, Switzerland RSS E-Mail Table of Contents Alert
<|endofexample|>
Articles
LISTED UNDER:.
Advances in lithium-ion battery technology have created new opportunities for the development of portable medical devices. Not only are these new devices required to perform under demanding circumstances, they also require extended battery life. In addition to improved battery pack performance, portable devices are becoming increasingly compact. These increased challenges have prompted design engineers to seek the latest innovations in battery development.
Key battery pack design drivers for compact, low power medical systems are cell mechanical characteristics, weight, and current handling capabilities. Until recently, nickel metal hydride (NiMH) cells were the battery chemistry of choice for portable systems. They provided improved power density over nickel cadmium chemistry, exhibited reduced memory effect, and provided a significant cost advantage over lithium-ion technology. Lithium-ion battery technology has progressed over the past decade and now offers improved protection methods, higher power densities, and significantly reduced costs, making it the primary choice among cell chemistries.
Compact Designs Through Increased Power Density
One way of balancing a compact design with higher power requirements is to increase the power density of the battery pack. The common method of evaluating power density is to consider the amount of Watt-hours per kilogram (Wh/kg). State of the art AA nickel metal hydride cells, commonly used in portable devices, offer approximately 100 Wh/kg. Latest lithium-ion cells, however, yield more than 240 Wh/kg.
In addition to power density, lithium-ion solutions supply at least double the amount of energy per unit of weight. Li-ion cells provide a standard nominal voltage of 3.7 V/cell and a potential voltage of 4.2 V/cell as compared to only 1.2 V/cell available in NiMH cells. As many as three NiMH cells would be required to meet the nominal voltage of a single Li-ion cell, and more than six NiMH cells would be needed to provide a similar power density. Using a lithium-ion solution creates smaller, lighter, and more streamlined battery packs.
Negating Memory Effect
In addition to improved power density, lithium-ion chemistries do not exhibit the so-called memory effect. Memory effect is the tendency of cells to lose capacity as a result of improper discharging and charging cycles. This causes reduced run times and degraded cell cycle life. Although many NiMH vendors claim that such cells do not exhibit capacity loss, the reality is they require very specific discharge and charge cycles in order to avoid this effect.
Lithium-ion cells, on the other hand, can be discharged to any level of the relative state of charge, as long as all safety considerations are met. The cells must be used within the tolerance levels of permissible discharge currents and must not be discharged below certain voltage thresholds, but otherwise, shallow or deep discharges followed by charge cycles do not induce the memory effect. It must be noted that all chemistries, including NiMH must be used within the specified tolerance levels; therefore, limitations of Li-ion chemistries are negligible.
Options for Portable Devices
Determining the appropriate cell often depends on the power requirements of the portable device. One very common compact cell is the 103450 form factor prismatic (Figure 1). The designation of the cell refers to its dimensions, which are approximately 10 × 34 × 50 mm, with a weight of approximately 40 grams. Latest generation 103450 cells offer up to 2,000 mAh of nominal capacity and a nominal voltage of 3.7 V/cell (4.2 V fully charged). Its low profile, high power density and low weight characteristics make this cell ideal for compact medical devices, which require approximately 2 A of discharge current due to their steady state current consumptions characteristics.
If nominal and peak current requirements exceed 2 A, engineers should consider the cylindrical 18650 cell (Figure 2). Considered a “work horse” of the industry, the 18650 lithium-ion cell has a nominal diameter of approximately 18 mm with a length of 65 mm. Although slightly heavier than the 103450, it offers the structural rigidity of a metal can along with additional safety. Most 18650 cells have an integrated positive thermal coefficient (PTC) protection device, often considered the first level of safety protection for Li-ion packs. A PTC acts to impede or block current flow in situations where the load exceeds safe levels. In addition, 18650 cells can sustain higher steady state and peak currents than smaller prismatic cells. Being the industry standard, this cell is available from multiple vendors with a wide variety of capacity ratings.
If the design requires the safety of a metal can along with the potential interchangeability of AA cells, from a form factor standpoint, a very viable option is a cylindrical 14500 cell. Although not as common as the 18650, this cell offers a few advantages. First and foremost, it is much smaller with a nominal diameter of 14 mm and a length of approximately 50 mm. It is less than half the weight of the 18650 at approximately 20 g, but it also offers half the capacity–750 mAh.
Safety
Due to their volatile nature, lithium-ion cells cannot be used on a stand-alone basis and require additional layers of safety. As mentioned above, a PTC provides just one level of protection. Medical devices need to provide uncompromised reliability, usability, and safety; therefore, additional layers of protection are often mandatory.
Sophisticated lithium-ion battery packs often integrate chemical fuse protection. Triggered by a separate protection circuit, chemical fuses respond to extreme events during pack exploitation and automatically open to permanently disable the battery pack. Although such actions seem extraordinary and will render the pack unusable, this protection is necessary in cases where high levels of safety and reliability are required.
Advantages of Development Partners
Although lithium battery technology offers multiple advantages over other commonly available chemistries, their properties require much more development expertise. There are many off-the-shelf products specifically designed for Li Corp.,. Medical standards for battery technology often involve elaborate and lengthy certification processes with nuances that can add months to development time if all agency parameters are not properly considered during initial design phases. Battery pack integrators provide the necessary expertise on such requirements as a primary service.
Conclusion
Device makers are consistently challenged to reduce size, increase the feature set, and simultaneously improve the battery pack lifespan. This places the demand on the design engineer to reduce the overall system power consumption and improve battery management methods, but there is only so much that can be achieved through innovative design.
This article has outlined the benefits of lithium-ion battery technology for wireless medical devices. Design engineers can achieve a compact design and extended battery life through proper cell selection and improved battery management.
Due to the volatile nature of the lithium-ion chemistry, proper battery pack designs require additional layers of safety. Based on the complexity of the today’s battery pack design, OEMs will find it advantageous to partner with an expert in battery pack development. These companies provide device makers with state-of-the-art battery pack designs that solve today’s design challenges.
Marko Dimitrijevic is an applications engineer at International Components Corp. He has 11 years experience developing base radio switch mode power supply hardware, mobile device battery management, Lithium-ion battery chargers, and protection circuitry. Dimitrijevic can be reached at technology@iccus.com.
<|endofexample|>
News
NEW YORK, May 26, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- A new prostate cancer study published in the New England Journal of Medicine comparing surgical treatment to "watchful waiting" revealed important findings for patients newly diagnosed with prostate cancer and currently debating their treatment options.
(Photo: )
Two of the most commonly offered clinical options for early prostate cancer treatment today are "watchful waiting" and radical prostatectomy (surgical removal of the entire prostate gland). Watchful waiting refers to the doctor and patient's decision to "wait and see" and to avoid immediate definitive treatment for the prostate cancer. The logic behind this approach is that many patients die of causes other than prostate cancer, and the disease often progresses slowly. Surgical removal of the prostate, or radical prostatectomy, is a more definitive primary treatment. The entire gland is removed, along with the entire cancer.
After following patients for approximately 15 years after treatment, the New England Journal study found that patients under 65 years, and particularly those with low risk prostate cancer, who underwent prostatectomy had a 38% lower risk of death from prostate cancer compared to their watchful waiting counterparts. The surgery patients also had a lower rate of metastasis, or spreading of the cancer to distant sites. These results were even seen among patients with low risk cancer, a groundbreaking finding that had never before been demonstrated this conclusively.
"
'/>"/>
<|endofexample|>
.
Student Gameday - where to pickup tickets, where to park, and information about pre-game activities.
Super Pit Seating Chart
Pit Crew
<|endofexample|>
1 Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity than he that is perverse in his lips and a fool at the same time.
2 Also, that the soul be without knowledge is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth.
3 The foolishness of man perverteth his way; and his heart fretteth against the LORD.
4 Wealth addeth many friends; but as for the poor, his friend separateth himself from him.
5 A false witness shall not be unpunished; and he that breatheth forth lies shall not escape.
6 Many will entreat the favour of the liberal man; and every man is a friend to him that giveth gifts.
7 All the brethren of the poor do hate him; how much more do his friends go far from him! He that pursueth words, they turn against him.
8 He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul; he that keepeth understanding shall find good.
9 A false witness shall not be unpunished; and he that breatheth forth lies shall perish. {P}
10 Luxury is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to have rule over princes.
11 It is the discretion of a man to be; but a prudent wife is from the LORD.
15 Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep; and the idle soul shall suffer hunger.
16 He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his soul; but he that despiseth His ways shall die.
17 He that is gracious unto the poor lendeth unto the LORD; and his good deed will He repay unto him.
18 Chasten thy son, for there is hope; but set not thy heart on his destruction.
19 A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment; for if thou interpose, thou wilt add thereto.
20 Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end.
21 There are many devices in a man's heart; but the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand.
22 The lust of a man is his shame; back to his mouth.
25 When thou smitest a scorner, the simple will become prudent; and when one that hath understanding is reproved, he will understand knowledge.
26 A son that dealeth shamefully and reproachfully will despoil his father, and chase away his mother.
27 Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words of knowledge.
28 An ungodly witness mocketh at right; and the mouth of the wicked devoureth iniquity.
29 Judgments are prepared for scorners, and stripes for the back of fools.
Got a question or comment?
<|endofexample|>
Seizure Disorder—Child
(Disorder, Seizure—Child; Epilepsy—Child)
Abnormal and excessive electrical activity in the brain.
Definition.
Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS).
<|endofexample|>
Distance Education
Distance education programs can help you achieve your allied health career dreams. We have designed this page, and all of our programs, in accordance with a set of guiding principles that reflect our commitment to assuring the highest quality of professional education for our students and, ultimately, the health care consumers who will benefit from your special expertise.
Our faculty have worked diligently with instructional design specialists to create course materials and web pages that are user friendly and student oriented. At the same time, our faculty have designed courses and curricula that will allow you to achieve the specialized professional knowledge and skills you need to realize your career goals. We hope that you will approach this learning experience with a sense of excitement, curiosity, and commitment to your own learning.
<|endofexample|>
Bullitt and Sasaki-Adams Honored with Resident Achievement Award
The coming year will mark the final year on the faculty for Dr. Elizabeth Bullitt. Dr. Bullitt joined our faculty in 1984. She was a busy clinical neurosurgeon with a strong interest in pain and functional neurosurgery. Her career transitioned more and more into research and she found herself to be a heavily NIH funded investigator, working in the intersecting fields of neurosurgery, radiology and computer science. Dr. Bullitt thrived in her second career as a highly respected investigator and thought leader in this area. In May 2011, she will retire with our very best wishes and congratulations for an outstanding academic career. Dr. Bullitt, more than anyone in recent memory, has taken advantage of the rich academic environment at UNC. She pulled together collaborative teams to look into vessel tortuosity and its ability to predict tumor response, tumor malignancy and other important variables. This is innovative and ground breaking work done in the typical UNC fashion of collaborative research. The goal of this award is to recognize residents who have found ways within this rich environment to advance their own career objectives.
We are pleased to honor Dr. Deanna Sasaki-Adams as our first winner. Deanna used her elective time to pursue advanced training at the UNC Gillings School of Global Public Health. In addition to her own study and education she brought many of these exciting, new ideas back to neurosurgery where she created an educational curriculum through our grand rounds to share this knowledge. This advanced study will certainly help her in her promising career, but also improved the experience of all of our residents and other faculty. We are grateful to Dr. Sasaki-Adams for her outstanding work and congratulate her as the first winner of the Elizabeth Bullitt Resident Career Achievement Award. The award comes with $500 to the UNC Health Affairs Bookstore to further advance her educational goals. Congratulations to both Dr. Bullitt and Dr. Sasaki-Adams.
<|endofexample|>
Ass Talk
MSNBC’s Savannah Guthrie walked right into ass territory this morning on the “The Daily Rundown” with co-host Chuck Todd. But she thought about it and justified saying it.
“If the President can say it, so can I,” Guthrie said, launching into discussion of NBC’s Matt Lauer‘s interview with President Obama in which Lauer asked the President if this wasn’t a time to “kick some butt.” Obama turned butt into ass: “We talk to these folks because they potentially had the best answers, so I know whose ass to kick, right?” Obama told Lauer.
Some political reporters on Capitol Hill also engaged in “ass” talk this afternoon in interviews with ordinarily stuffy politicians.
Todd Zwillich, a Capitol Hill radio reporter for “The Takeaway,” tweeted: “Reporter asks McConnell if he’s looking for someone’s “ass to kick” at oil companies. No answer. #oilspill”
That reporter who said “ass” was The Daily Caller‘s Jon Ward.
Ward also tweeted on his ass usage, saying, “I just asked Mitch McConnell if he was looking for ass to kick re oil spill. He was speechless, then said ‘Its hard to improve on that.’”
Zwillich, who was in the gallery during Ward’s ass question, said, “He totally said “ass”. It was like third grade, everyone giggled.”
Zwillich informed me that Don Stewart, Senate Minority Leader McConnell’s (R-Ky.) press secretary, (a.k.a. @StewSays) is fond of reminding reporters that “ass” is okay to say because it’s in the Bible. As in, Jesus rode to Jerusalem on an ass. Zwillich has heard Stewart make the ass joke several times. (He has pointed out to Stewart that “cock” is also in the Bible … i.e. Jesus’ warning to an apostle that something will deny him three times before the cock crows.)
> Update: I asked a D.C. TV producer if the network uses the word “ass” freely on air. The producer remarked, “I asked around and pretty much everybody says we’d use it… its not a F-bomb.”
<|endofexample|>
Daily Rundown Tackles On Record, On Background, Off Record and Hazy Netherworld of Phrases in Between
MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown” ran a segment this morning that many journalists and their sources find perpetually confusing – the rules on sourcing information.
“In my view, the term ‘On the record’ everyone can understand,” said NYT reporter Mark Leibovich who appeared in the segment. “Beyond that, any of the gradations…mean nothing.”
Albert Oetgen, managing editor of NBC News’s Washington bureau, has studied the topic and wrote a story on it with “Daily Rundown” co-host Chuck Todd in the The Atlantic that published Monday. The piece’s headline: “When ‘Bite Me’ is ‘Off the Record.’”
Oetgen stressed that terms mean little and reporters should reach a personal understanding with those they cover. “You have to ignore the terms and make the agreement with the people you interview,” he said.
But there’s a wrinkle. The terms mean different things to different people….
Todd weighed in, saying, “It really depends on the person. [Some sources think] off the record, I do expect you to act on the information, but sometimes I may say it’s way way way way off the record.”
Still, Oetgen reasoned that people who are interviewed “will feel more comfortable if there are gradations” in the terms. The group mentioned on background, on deep background, or way, way wayyy off record.
Leibovich said the clearer the better: “You want to make as many things on the record as you can. In Washington people are very very hesitant to speak on the record unless it makes them look good. They want control. It becomes a game…a zero sum game.”
The Atlantic‘s glossary:
•’On The Record.’ Quoting verbatim with attribution: ‘Santa Claus is a fraud,’ said Pete Williams, network Justice and Supreme Court correspondent for NBC.
•’On Background.’ You can use the information without attribution, or with generic attribution: ‘Santa Claus is a fraud,’ said a network correspondent.”
•’Off The Record.’ You know it, you can shop it around, act on it, but you can’t report it, until you get it somewhere else.”
•Deep Background, the shadowy territory between On Background and Off The Record: ‘NBC News has learned that some network correspondents think Santa Claus is a fraud.’”
<|endofexample|>
The Week‘s Winning Streak Continues
While newsweeklies such as Newsweek and U.S. News and World Report struggle, one magazine in the category is succeeding. According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, The Week saw its paid and verified circulation grow 7.5 percent in 2008. The publication increased its circ from 480,084 to 515,936, as well growing 60 percent on the newsstand.
“The Week‘s continued growth at a premium subscription price is a testament to the connection our sophisticated readers have with our editorial product,” Steven Kotok, the mag’s general manager, said in a statement. “Our readers are The Week‘s greatest evangelists. In 2008 over fifty percent of new subscribers to The Week came through direct recommendations from current subscribers.”
<|endofexample|>
Bonnie Fuller: My First Big Break
In the latest episode of mediabistroTV’s “My First Big Break,” we hear from HollywoodLife.com editor Bonnie Fuller. Fuller gained international acclaim as the editor of magazines such as Marie Claire, US Weekly and Cosmopolitan, but did you know that she started out as a beat reporter writing about sports clothes? Or that a friendship with an upcoming fashion designer named Tommy Hilfiger led to a meeting that would change her professional career? Watch below, as Fuller explains how she went from a young cub reporter, to one of the most powerful women in publishing.
For more videos, check out our YouTube channel and follow us on Twitter: @mediabistroTV
<|endofexample|>
Your jobs
career resources
Job Search Intensive
Find support and direction for your job search with career experts.
Mediabistro Certificate Program
Get certified and be the most qualified candidate for jobs in your field.
Social Media Marketing Boot Camp
Create a social media strategy with experts.
Save! Early rates are available now for our Job Search Intensive.
Hired! Find support and get expert advice in our Job Search Intensive.
<|endofexample|>
.
career resources
Job Search Intensive
Find support and direction for your job search with career experts.
Mediabistro Certificate Program
Get certified and be the most qualified candidate for jobs in your field.
Social Media Marketing Boot Camp
Create a social media strategy with experts.
The job you requested might have been filled. But there are plenty more
to be found on our main jobs page. Please
<|endofexample|>
Issues ››› National Security & Foreign Policy
- Wash. Times's McCaslin smeared Kerry with misquote of 1997 statement on Iraq 09.24.2004
- Media looked past 9-11 Commission documentation of Bush administration fabrications 09.24.2004
- Boehlert in Salon.com: "Too much about memos, too little about war" 09.24.2004
- FOX's Cameron, Wash. Post's Birnbaum echoed GOP, falsely claimed Kerry contradicted himself on Iraq 09.23.2004
- Rose-colored glasses: FOX's Goler echoed Bush's own anti-Kerry message 09.23.2004
<|endofexample|>
Created by: Hanna-Barbera
MPAA Rating: Not Rated
Distributed by: Warner Archive
Running Time: 280 minutes
Our Score: 3.5 out of 5 stars
When it comes to “Sealab 2020″, I can’t help but relate it back to the Adult Swim take-off “Sealab 2021″, which pokes fun at the series and one of my favorites TV series. “Sealab 2020″ may not be one of Hanna-Barbera’s best projects but it is fun series. I mean who doesn’t like shark attacks, giant octopus and squids…this show has got it all.
Thanks to Warner Archive for finally releasing this show in its complete entirety. All 13 episodes are include in this collection. It is presented full screen with aspect ratio of 1.37:1. The show looks great on DVD as to all releases from Warner Archive. If you are a fan of this zany-yet-fun cartoon series, I would highly recommended this release.
<|endofexample|>
Posts Tagged With In-Car Free WiFi
Update: GoCarz has updated us stating that GoCarz will offer in-cab Internet for GoCarz customers even after the deal with Airtel expires. GoCarz is also currently looking forward to raise ... Continue_Reading
Radio taxi operator GoCarz has launched its operations in New Delhi. Whats interesting here though, is that GoCarz is offering free in-car WiFi service to its customers along with other goodies ... Continue_Reading
<|endofexample|>
An abnormal preoccupation with health can be debilitating, the medical fraternity knows this too well.
Researchers and doctors have noted that when there are no physical symptoms, it doesn’t really mean that nothing is wrong with a patient. A patient suspected of a heart attack a week earlier might visit the doctor once again complaining of an acute headache signaling brain tumor. This could just be hypochondria, or commonly known as severe health anxiety.
German psychiatrists noted that these worried patients tend to interpret normal sensations to serious illnesses.
Maria Gropalis, psychologist at the Psychological Institute of the University of Mainz, says their interpretations often go wrong.
Though visits to the doctor allay their fears for some time, new symptoms bring on new fears of ill health and disease.
Thomas Gaertner, chief physician at the Schoen clinic for Psychosomatic Medicine in Bad Arolsen noted that they get addicted to such visits. Elaborating further he said, these patients often have difficulty coping with negative emotions and their fears are fallout of heavy stress. “Constant anxiety is a very oppressive condition.” he noted.
‘Doctor hopping’ is common among such patients according to Dr Ute Habel, a member of the German Association for Psychiatry, Psychotherapy and Neurology.As fear mounts, these patients don’t seem to get the right therapy at the right time; and will not get one unless they realize that they have such a psychological disorder that needs to be addressed.
They are treated with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), in which “cognitive restructuring” plays a major role.
Gaertner noted that “heredity is probably less of a factor in hypochondria than in other disorders,” Therefore, researchers noted that external factors including one’s traumatic experiences in the past could have a greater role in the disorder.
Published by Medicaldaily.com
<|endofexample|>
10 of the top health benefits of Medical Marijuana. Many people are misinformed about marijuana and the benefits that it can provide. All of this information is backed by Medical Marijuana research proving the positive health benefits that marijuana has.
1. Treats Migraines
Doctors in California have reported that they have been able to treat more than 300,000 cases of migraines with medical marijuana.
2. Slows Tumor Growth
The American Association for Cancer Research has found that marijuana actually works to slow down tumor growth in the lungs, breasts, and brain considerably.
3. Relieves Symptoms of Chronic Diseases
Research shows marijuana can help treat the symptoms of chronic diseases like Irritable Bowel Disease and Chron’s Disease. This is because it can treat nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea. The main psychoactive ingredient in marijuana, tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), was approved in 1985 by the FDA for use in the treatment of nausea, as marketed under the trade name Marinol and synthetically formulated in sesame oil in gelatin capsules to be taken orally. Almost 100,00 doses were prescribed in 1989.
4. Prevents Alzheimer’s
In 2006, the Scripps Insitute proved that the THC found in marijuana works to prevent Alzheimer’s by clocking the deposits in the brain that cause the disease.
5. Treats Glaucoma
Some studies suggest that use of medical marijuana helps lower intraocular pressure in the eyes of glaucoma patients.
6. Prevents Seizures
Marijuana is a muscle relaxant and has “antispasmodic” qualities which have proven to be very effective treatment of seizures.
7. Helps Those with ADD & ADHD
A well documented 2009 USC study showed that marijuana is not only a perfect alternative for Ritalin but treats the disorder without any of the negative side effects of the pharmaceuticals. ADHD affects an estimated 4.1% of adults, ages 18 to 44, in a given year.
8. May Treat Multiple Schlerosis
Marijuana works to stop the neurological effects of muscle spasms that come from multiple sclerosis by protecting nerves from the damage caused by the fatal disease.
9. Helps Relieve PMS
Anecdotal evidence suggests that cannabis use may reduce pain in severe cases of PMS. As many as 75% of menstruating women have some premenstrual syndrome symptoms.
10. Helps Calm Those with Tourette’s & OCD
Just like marijuana can treat seizures and multiple sclerosis, marijuana’s effects slow down the tics in those suffering from Tourette’s, and the obsessive neurological symptoms in people with OCD. Approximately 3.3 million people in the United States have OCD and 272,000 people in the United States have Tourette’s Syndrome.
I think this article is awesome!! I never new any of this!
Glad you liked the article! More people need to be informed of the benefits of Marijuana. There are way to many people that are misinformed of what Marijuana can actually do for them or their family. Spread the word!
I loved this article, I my self have tourettes syndrome and when ever I partake of the herb I do not tick and feel super calm. It helps a lot better than the medication I’ve had before. I have no idea why this wonderfull plant is illegal but I hope the government wises up and makes it legal. Keep up the good work, you have a new fan and follower
how would i cite this page?
Allison,
All we ask is that you send us a link back to our site when citing this page.
Thank you.
<|endofexample|>
Suggested Reading on Capsule Endoscopy by Our Doctors
Related Diseases & Conditions6
- Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma
- Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma is cancer of the lymphatic system, a vital part of the body's immune system. Symptoms include swollen lymph nodes, fever, night
- Indigestion (Dyspepsia, Upset Stomach)
- Dyspepsia (indigestion) is a functional disease in which the gastrointestinal organs, primarily the stomach and first part of the small intestine, function
- Cancer
- Cancer is a disease caused by an abnormal growth of cells, also called malignancy. It is a group of 100 different diseases, and is not contagious. Cancer
Medications0 articles
Procedures & Tests6 articles
Pictures, Images & Quizzes3 articles
Doctor's & Expert's Views1 articles
Health News0 articles
Health Features0 articles
GI Disorders
Get the latest treatment options.
<|endofexample|>
Suggested Reading on Essential Mixed Cryoglobulinemia by Our Doctors
Related Diseases & Conditions6
- Stroke
- A stroke results from impaired oxygen delivery to brain cells via the bloodstream. A stroke is also referred to as a CVA, or cerebrovascular incident.
- Arthritis
- Arthritis is inflammation of one or more joints. When joints are inflamed they can develop stiffness, warmth, swelling, redness and pain. There are over
-
Medications5 articles
Procedures & Tests2 articles
Pictures, Images & Quizzes0 articles
Doctor's & Expert's Views0 articles
Health News0 articles
Health Features0 articles
Arthritis
Get the latest treatment options
<|endofexample|>
Suggested Reading on Eye Strain by Our Doctors
Related Diseases & Conditions
- Dry Eyes
- Dry eyes are caused by an imbalance in the tear-flow system of the eye, but also can be caused by the drying out of the tear film. This can be due to dry
- Sleep
- A number of vital tasks carried out during sleep help maintain good health and enable people to function at their best. Sleep needs vary from individual
-,
Medications1 articles
Procedures & Tests0 articles
Pictures, Images & Quizzes3 articles
Doctor's & Expert's Views0 articles
Health News4 articles
Health Features0 articles
Stay Informed!
Get the latest health and medical information delivered direct to your inbox FREE!
<|endofexample|>
ArticleRelated Diseases smallermediumlarger Previous1 2 3 4 Next magnesium hydroxide-cascara sagrada- oral, Milk of Magnesia W/Cascara (cont.) SIDE EFFECTS: Stomach pain, nausea or diarrhea may occur. If these effects persist or worsen, notify your doctor. Unlikely but report promptly: muscle twitching or cramping, muscle weakness, decrease or absence of bowel movements, blood in stool, mental/mood changes, dizziness. This medication may cause your urine to temporarily turn a reddish pink or brown color. This effect is harmless. If you notice other effects not listed above, contact your doctor or pharmacist. PRECAUTIONS: If you have any of the following health problems, consult your doctor before using a laxative: any allergies, stomach/intestinal problems, nausea, vomiting, blood in the stool, kidney disease. This medication should be used with caution in children and is not recommended for use in those less than 6 years old, unless directed by a doctor. Children may be more likely to become dehydrated. Consult your doctor or pharmacist. This product should be used only when clearly needed during pregnancy. Discuss the benefits and risks with your doctor. The cascara in this product is excreted into breast milk. Because of the potential risk to the infant, breast-feeding while using this product is not recommended. Consult your doctor before breast-feeding. DRUG INTERACTIONS: Tell your doctor of all prescription and nonprescription medication you use, especially of: tetracycline antibiotics (e.g., doxycycline or tetracycline), azole antifungals (e.g., ketoconazole), quinolone antibiotics (e.g., ciprofloxacin), anti-seizure medications (e.g., phenytoin, valproic acid), heart heart drugs (e.g., quinidine, digoxin), sodium polystyrene sulfonate, dexamethasone, indomethacin, "blood thinners" (e.g., warfarin), iron/multivitamin supplements. diarrhea, nausea, or vomiting; dry gums or eyes; loss of appetite, muscle cramps, weakness, or sluggishness. Previous1 2 3 4 Next magnesium hydroxide-cascara sagr hydroxide-cascara sagrada- oral, Milk of Magnesia W/Cascara 2 articles Stay Informed! Get the latest health and medical information delivered direct to your inbox FREE!
<|endofexample|>
Search Pet Health: Hypoglycemia in Cats Foods Your Cat Should Never Eat Slideshow Pictures Taking Care of Kitten Slideshow Pictures Is Your Cat Normal Slideshow Pictures An overdose of insulin drops the blood sugar well below normal. This condition is called hypoglycemia. Suspect this condition if your cat appears confused, disoriented, or drowsy, or if he shivers, staggers about, collapses, falls into a coma, or has seizures.Treatment: If the cat remains conscious and is able to swallow, give a sugar solution (corn syrup, glucose paste, honey). If the cat is not able to swallow, rub the solution into the mucous membranes of the cat's cheeks. Recovery occurs within minutes. Then immediately take your cat to a veterinarian."
<|endofexample|>
Suggested Reading on Rheumatoid Arthritis by Our Doctors
Related Diseases & Conditions37 articles
- Gout
- Gout is a condition that results from crystals of uric acid depositing in tissues of the body. Gout is a condition that can lead to abnormally elevated
- Swollen Lymph Nodes
- Lymph nodes help the body's immune system fight infections. Causes of swollen lymph nodes (glands) may include infection (viral, bacterial, fungal, parasites).
- Lyme Disease
- Lyme disease is a bacterial illness, which is spread by ticks when they bite the skin. Initially the disease affects the skin causing a reddish rash associated
-
- Bunions
- The common bunion, an enlargement of the inner portion of the joint at the base of the big toe, primarily affects women. The signs and symptoms of bunions
-,
- Bursitis of the Knee
- Bursitis of the knee results when any of the three fluid-filled sacs (bursae) become inflamed due to injury or strain. Symptoms include pain, swelling,
-
- Ankle Pain
- Ankle pain is commonly due to a sprain or tendinitis. The severity of ankle sprains ranges from mild (which can resolve within 24 hours) to severe (which
-.
- Steroid Drug Withdrawal
- Corticosteroid drugs such as prednisone and prednisolone are commonly used to treat asthma, allergic reactions, RA, and IBD. Steroids such as these do
- Connective Tissue Disease
- Connective tissue disease is when the body's connective tissues come under attack, possibly becoming injured by inflammation. Inherited connective tissue
-,
- Dry Eyes
- Dry eyes are caused by an imbalance in the tear-flow system of the eye, but also can be caused by the drying out of the tear film. This can be due to dry
-
- Juvenile Arthritis (Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis)
- Juvenile arthritis (juvenile rheumatoid arthritis or JRA) annually affects one child in every thousand. There are three types of JRA: pauciarticular (less
- See All Related Diseases & Conditions »
Medications53 articles
Procedures & Tests18 articles
Pictures, Images & Quizzes6 articles
Doctor's & Expert's Views61 articles
Health News93 articles
Health Features16 articles
Arthritis
Get the latest treatment options
<|endofexample|>
smallermediumlarger Previous1 2 Reye's Syndrome (cont.) Cold and Flu Slideshow: Treating Your Child's Cold or Fever Children's Illnesses Slideshow Pictures Take the ADHD Quiz In this Article Reye's syndrome facts* What are causes, risk factors, symptoms, and signs of Reye's syndrome? Can Reye's syndrome be prevented? Is there any treatment for Reye's syndrome? What is the prognosis (outlook) with Reye's syndrome? What research is being done on Reye's syndrome? Is there any treatment?.SOURCE:National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, National Institutes of HealthLast Editorial Review: 9/25/2009 7:08:56 PM Previous1 2 Privacy Policy Parenting and Pregnancy Get tips for baby and you. Please acknowledge your agreement I have read and agree to WebMD's Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
Bay 111 - Assorted
Saints
(Hover
over a scene for pop-up summaries or click a panel to view in more detail.
Scroll down for full listing of scenes)
List of Scenes:
A1
- The Calling of Peter
A2 - St Peter before Nero
A3 - Crucifixion of St Peter
B1
- St Julien preaching in Le Mans
B2 - St Julien, St Thuribe & St
Pavace arriving at Le Mans
B3 - Beheading of Rusticus and Eleutherius
B4 - Denis' companions Rusticus and
Eleutherius being led off to execution
B5 - St Denis with his executioner
C1
- Donor kneeling before an altar
C2 - St Catherine breaking the wheels
of her torturers
C3 - Christ giving a pilgrim's staff
to St James
C4 - St John the Evangelist tortured
in boiling oil
C5 - The stoning of St Stephen
C6 - Donor (Guillelmus Roland) kneeling
before the Virgin and Child
D1
- St Vincent confronting the Pro-consul Dacian
D2 - St Vincent tortured on a griddle
D3 - St Vincent's weighted body is
cast into the sea but floats
D4 - The body is thrown to wild beasts
but protected by a crow
D5 - Christ enthroned, blessing the
world
E1
- St Nicholas as an infant refusing his mother's milk
E2 - Appointment of Nicholas as Bishop
E3 - A Jewish merchant beating an
image of St Nicholas
Locations of the panels:
Bay 111, the first of the choir counting from the left contains rather
a mixed-bag of saints.
<|endofexample|>
Mediphage Bioceuticals (MB) is a School of Pharmacy, University of Waterloo based research group that focuses on the manipulation of bacteriophages to develop new therapeutics and cosmeceuticals. At approximately 1031 phages on the planet these natural parasites of bacteria offer a virtually limitless genetic antibacterial reservoir. Phages are genetically malleable entities that possess excellent potential for the exploitation toward the development of industrial, agricultural, and particularly medical biotechnological product and process innovations. MB strives to exploit the natural attributes of phages to engineer novel therapeutics for potential global usage with particular attention to the treatment of disease states that plague less developed countries. Our areas of interest, specialization and therapeutic design include:
Development of Super-Lytic Nanoparticle (SLN) technology against S. aureus, M. tuberculosis and P. acnes
Alzheimer's lytic phage display-based prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines
Lipoplexed Safe DNA (LSD) highly specialized and targeted non viral gene therapy technology with current applications toward ovarian cancer and HIV VLP-DNA vaccines
Technology transfer of biologics
MB is a community-focused group that has a mandate of acting locally for global impact. Its faculty, staff and student members are heavily involved in the organization and participation in charitable endeavours both locally and globally. We welcome input and support for our cause from all who share our vision.
<|endofexample|>
Discount 10% Hotel Monterrey - Platja d'Aro
Book and benefit from a 10% discount on all your bookings at the Hotel Monterrey in Platja d'Aro.
It's time to book your vacation in the Costa Brava at the best price.
Take the opportunity to enjoy our all inclusive service at a reduced price.
Benefit from current offers
· 15 Jun 2013 -> 21 Jun 2013
· 25 Jun 2013 -> 09 Aug 2013
· 17 Aug 2013 -> 06 Sep 2013
· 11 Sep 2013 -> 14 Sep 2013
Conditions
· Minimum of nights: 1
<|endofexample|>
Genital Herpes STD Test
You need ANSWERS to your sexual health concerns . . .
Most people who have contracted genital herpes are unaware, and infection in the United States is common, with about 16 percent of people 14 to 49 years of age having the HSV-2 virus. Symptoms are not often visible and people infected are regularly unaware of their condition, until painful breakouts occur.
General Information:
- Genital herpes is a sexually transmitted virus
- Genital Herpes is very common in men and women in the U.S.
- 1 out of 6 people have HSV-2 in America
- Genital Herpes often has no symptoms - making it common for people to not know they have it
- When present, common symptoms are small painful blisters or sores on the genitals or anus
- Infected individuals can easily pass it on to sex partners without knowing it
- There is no cure, but Genital Herpes is TREATABLE with Antiviral Medications for symptoms
- Genital Herpes does not typically cause long-term serious health problems
Name: Genital Herpes
Category: Treatable, not curable
Lab Test: Blood Specimen
Treatment: Antiviral Medications to shorten or prevent outbreaks
Genital Herpes Facts
Description: Genital herpes is a sexually transmitted viral infection affecting the skin or mucous membranes of the genitals. Genital herpes is caused by two viruses:
- Herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2)
- Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1).
Stats: Over 16% of the U.S. population (ages of 14-49) have genital HSV-2 infection.
- 1 out of 5 women have HSV-2 in America
- 1 out of 9 men have HSV-2 in America
Exposure: Herpes simplex virus (HSV) is spread during sexual contact. Infection occurs when your skin, vagina, penis, or mouth make contact with an individual who already has herpes.
Herpes is most frequently transmitted from contact with the skin of an infected person has an active herpes outbreak - visible sores, blisters, or a rash. It is also possible to get.
Incubation: 2-12 days
Symptoms: Many people with HSV-2 infection never have sores, or their symptoms are so mild they confuse them with routine skin irritations.
If symptoms do occur during the first outbreak, they can be more obvious and severe. This first outbreak usually happens within 2 weeks of being infected.
Genital Herpes Symptoms
General symptoms may include:
- Muscle and body ache in lower back and legs
- Reduced appetite, Fever, General sick feeling
-:
-.
<|endofexample|>
It was a beautiful spring day in London. I woke up to the sun shining through my window and reflecting off the divine shade of yellow of my bedroom walls. Nowhere on earth can quite compare to this place, where I call home. I felt a smile across my face as I realised the day had finally come, were my dear friends Pat & Mike were to wed. Inspired by the sunshine, my walls and welcoming of spring, I put on my yellow dress, softly complemented it with nude heels and earrings, and I was ready for the big day. :)
Dress : Topshop
Earrings : Primark
Mary Jane Heels : Primark
89 Comments:
what a lovely dress! you look amazing in it!
xo, Tina
You look beautiful <3
XOXO
Love this I want them all :D x
lovely colour, looks amazing!
the wedding looked beautiful :)
Anna B.
lovely colour, looks amazing!
the wedding looked beautiful :)
Anna B.
Tu es magnifique, très jolie cette robe jaune qui te va vraiment bien
Bisous bisous
Yuli
You're very gracious weraring this dress. Love your style.
Anaïs from Paris
curvystyilishgirl.blogspot.com
you look absolutely amazing! love everything :)
wow!! you look fantastic, babe!! :))
Desislava
Hi, I'm a pretty new reader and haven't seen you with your hair down before - you look beautiful (I need that kind of volume!)
x
Beautiful :-)
Very very very nice
Pretty yellow dress.
You look great!!!!
~ JulesStyleFiles.blogspot.com
you look amazing!
congrats to michael & patricia aka britpopprincess!! love her youtube channel!! xxxx
You look beautiful! The yellow is a great color on you and also, your hair is very pretty!
you look lovely!! glad to see you smiling :-) and the wedding looks lovely!
~nic
Oh my gosh ...so beautiful !!! she looks so happy :) i wish them the best in their marriage ..may God be their strength...and you look very lovely shirley
Awwh!! i think im gonna cry...Great capture of beautiful memories. Love your outfit, so nice and simple.
you look lovely! I love your hair and I have a really similar dress in a more lemony colour. Our skin tones are similar and I LOVE yellow.
It's hard to pull off but you do it so well.
Sheree
xx
glitzngrime.com
wow you look absolutely fantastic! that colour looks effortless on you. would never have thought the heels were primark either!
Your dress is stunning
xoxo from Paris
LOVELY DRESS!seriously!
i actually used to dislike yellow as a colour but im thinking of getting some yellow pieces to enrich my collection this spring/summer :) xx
Love your hair! Simple and elegant.
Shana x
Jaune looks awesome on you SHirley. I'm so happy you captured pieces of BritPopPrincess' wedding....Ahhh..I was cheezing the whole time. lol. Beautiful indeed. ~Lilia
What a lovely dress! Yellow feels like summer indeed, not only spring. You're gorgeous !
I love this time of the year, it feels like everyone's happy, at least the colours everywhere give me this impression !
Blondyn from Incognito :)
You look lovely, that dress is gorgeous on you!! Congratulation to your friends who got married :) x
you look absolutely stunning shirley!!
i own the same bag in a rose colour.
i adore your blog, when i seek inspiration i know where to fond it:)
xx
Stunning! You really suit yellow! GL x
champagnelifestylestudentbudget.blogspot.com
Love, love, love this outfit! :)♥
You look goregousss! xo
you look soo beuatiful :)
The color of the dress is so nice !
Alex
You look amazing, as always!
-Stephanie from Chocolate Laced
wow, just wow!
Love the whole look dear! You look soooo beautiful!
Just beautiful!!!
sounds like a perfect day for a bright yellow dress :)
Gorgeous... yellow is lovely on you!
You are the most beautiful woman ever. I love this outfit so much :)xx
you look amazing!!!!
I love the dress, and yellow is such a beautiful color on you! Interesting choice of accessories too. I usually just stick with coordinating handbags and shoes, but the taupe shoes and black purse you wore together look nice with the yellow. Love your blog, btw!
You look beautiful and I am so glad to know that you are doing better. Keep praying lady!
What a pretty dress on you! And your hair looks fabulous! Congratulations to the very lovely couple! Looks like it was a blast! <3
You are so beautiful Shirley! :)
Your dress is a gorgeous colour!
Pretty Little Lives
You look so beautiful Shirley! Absolutely love that yellow dress on you :)
xox, Shope
You look lovely, that is such a pretty dress!!
Carsedra of:
OMG you look so so so so beautyful its ridiculous!
You look beautiful, Pat looks beautiful...so happy for her! x
Love the dress, hair, and shoes. Perfect!
This is an especially gorgeous outfit!
Shirley you looked amazing! i was wondering if you could make a lookbook video for outfits to wear at a wedding as a guest. I am going to one this summer and I have no idea what to wear!
I think it would be useful!
Love, Eve x
I hope you are starting to feel much better now and the beautiful weather, wedding and your beautiful dress are helping you along! Just trust in the process, that's my motto :) xo
love the dress you look so nice and summery :) xxx
My god, could you be any more beautiful! This colour is amazing on you x
I am loving this dress and you look perfect for summer. The weather has been amazing recently.
Lou
you look amzing in yellow and I love the accent of nude. Suite!
Love the canary yellow!
Stunning!
-thetwinsdiary x
Lovely wedding guest outfit, you look fab!
lovely dresses I think that yellow is perfect for wedding!
...from Venice
love your dress and shoes xx
Lovely Dress
Lovely video x
MAC and Regal Rose giveaway!
You look beautiful Shirley! The yellow really suits you.
Fabulous!!!
Keisha
- I am in LOVE with yuhr dress. Yellow is my favorite color ! It is so bright and flowy. Very spring. I loved yuhr entire outfit. Beautiful as always. Congrats Pat & Mike! :)
absolutely stunning
Beautiiful!!!!!
They make such a beautiful couple *tears*
Very very nice! love your dress
I love patricia's youtube channel so it was so great to see that video!!
Such a beautiful dress! That color looks so lovely on you ;)
xo
Lizzie
placeclevertitlehere.blogspot.com
You look phenomenal, as per usual. I adore the dress! x
I loved how the bridesmaids came out dancing to Rack City *dead*. The bride is absolutely stunning!
And I love your outfit you look beautiful x
Shirley you look really pretty! I love those shoes! I am glad to hear that you are feeling better.
i love this dress! and don't get me started on those shoes haha...cannot believe that's Primark! :) x
Hi Shirley, the dress is gorgeous.
aww Shirley you look so pretty from - head to toe!
You are so beautiful so stylish :) I really like your style you look like princess, I am your new folower and I am happy I had found you :)
You always look beautiful, Shirley. I absolutely love this dress on you.
you look like an angel in yellow!
gorgeous. and one of the best blogs around.
such a lovely dress, you look good on it too
blog.yipiii.co.uk/fashion/
Great dress...lovely color!
You look so beautiful!! your dress is amazing:) XX
You look absolutely gorgeous! I was so shocked to see the shoes were from Primark - love them
xx
rococ0.blogspot.com
You look absolutely gorgeous! I was so shocked to see the shoes were from Primark - love them
xx
rococ0.blogspot.com
Pretty yellow dress and those nude shoes are great...
deeblinks.wordpress.com
I love Patricia! And you yellow dress is too cute :)
You look absolutely lovely!
Which hair do you use? Looks really nice x
love this dress
YOU ARE GORGEOUS!
<|endofexample|>
Menlo Park, CAUSA 94025
March 12, 2012
No introduction yet
Ruby / Clojure / Javascript programmer.
Hey David, welcome! I'm a programmer / hacker by trade too. Would love to hear any suggestions you have for future meetups.
"Chasing girls", hum....I like that!
Great meeting you at the HTM group. I am really interested about GA at applies to HTM. I hope to see you again.
Mo.
<|endofexample|>
Cycling in Melbourne Australia
Gday,
Not sure if any one else had encountered this problem but this is the second time something like this has happened to me. I mount my bikes on a bike rack which fits to the towball, whilst driving on the highway in SA last week i heard a loud bang and sure enough when i inspected the bikes one of the tyres had exploded. I'm not just talking about the tube but the tyre actually shredded, even had to replace the rim tape. Not what i wanted the day before riding in the Bupa challenge at the tour down under.
The time it happened before was also similar circumstances. Has this ever happened to any one?? i figured i'd put it down to traveling at high speed in hot temperature and a random stone popping up and hitting the tyre, causing it to explode. Any suggestions?
Views: 162
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply to This
I had a run of this happening. Never on a car, once inside my office though... scared the crap out of all of us!
Also it once happened while I was riding and blew the tyre off the rim!
What was happening in my case was the rim tape had slipped and exposed the hole in the rim that the spoke goes through. So as the wheel heated up and things expanded, the metal of the rim rubbed on the tube and popped it.
So, replacing the rim tape sorted things out for me. I see you've already done that, have you had it happen again since replacing the tape ? You'll also want to make sure the tape is on nice and tightly and the rim surface is clean before doing it so it won't move around and happen again.
I wouldn't have thought that a stone flicking up would cause it though.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Silly question but is the exhaust pipe on on the blown tyre side. Or maybe the heat from the engine could be the culprit. Just a thought.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
It looks like you're right on the money there Jack. I've just done some google -ing and yeah, seems to be that the exhaust pipe can really heat up and melt the tyre. I don't know what to do, certainly don't want this to happen again. So i guess i'll just have to travel with the bikes on the racks with out their tyres??? major pain in the a*s.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Simple case of high pressure tyre exposed to the sun - I've stood near triathlon bike parking areas on several occasions and heard multiple tyre explosions when the sun came up. People inflate them to the maximum pressure when cool, then when the sun hits the black tyre they heat, the pressure goes up and bang! I've had it happen to a tyre in the back of a car too. Try inflating them just a little less, even 5-10 psi will make a difference; the high pressure and subsequent increase in pressure will find any fault in the tube/tyre. Alternatively, inflate just before you start the ride & the air on them will keep them cooler; If you think it is the exhaust, then change your rack, but I've heard this plenty of times off the rack.
Good luck.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Yes heat of any kind can do this, and for that reason it is always best, if you're leaving your bike inside a car during summer, as I do, to drop the tyre pressures a little. It doesn't take much to pump them up again. But in a hot car, where I believe temperatures can reach 60 degrees, you're running risks if you leave your bike in there with fully inflated tyres.
I have wondered about something else. I did the Alpine Challenge last week with full tyre pressure, 120lb. it never occurred to me till later but temperatures on the day, gong up Buffalo, exceeded 40 degrees, and the bitumen was melting on the road. The heat from both the day and the bitumen must have put the tyre pressure through the roof. I'm surprised I didn't see more blowouts on the day.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Yep, it could let go, but you are constantly pushing the bead back into the rim as the wheel rotates, so it would have to be pretty bad; of course, the consequences would be pretty bad too!
As well as boosting the pressure in the tyre, the relative pressure would increase too as the outside pressure drops with altitude. Scary thought.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
© 2013 Created by DamianM.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
<|endofexample|>
You are hereBlogs / Melrose Park Library's blog / Meet the Staff: Marisa.
<|endofexample|>
lbs of diced uncooked chicken breast
- 1/3 cup flour
- 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
- Salt and pepper to taste
- 4 TB butter
- 1/4 cup honey
- 3 TB lemon juice
- 2 TB soy sauce
- 1/2 tsp. ground ginger
Directions
-.
Yummy! This dish looks so beautiful, so delicious! with the colours. Can’t wait to see your posting. Will try it out soon. Thanks so much for sharing.
This is Nicole’s other sister =) and I have to agree it was DELICIOUS!! and way easy to make(I am not the best cook) So THANK YOU so so much!!!
This is Nicole’s sister. I tried this recipe tonight and it was REALLY yummy. It tastes like PF Chang’s honey chicken. Thanks for the idea.!!
I CANNOT WAIT to try this one!!!
Okay..Im making this tonight for dinner. I will let you know how it turns out! Hey, how do you make it so when you click on your links it opens them in a new window instead of closing out your blog????
Laura – I’m glad you liked this. And I like the suggestion of orange juice instead of lemon. I bet that would be yummy!.
Am I reading this correctly? The chicken cubes are cooked for an hour total? Doesnt’ that dry them out?
Monique – I’ll be excited to hear what you think (and don’t worry, you don’t have to love it – I still want to know how it turned out!).
janecat2 – no, the chicken doesn’t dry out after an hour, believe it or not – probably thanks to the sauce.
Anonymous – I bet the fresh ginger kicked this dish up several notches. Yum! I also used fresh lemon juice and I think it makes a huge difference rather than using the bottled kind. Glad you liked it (and your husband, too)!.
Mmmmm, this looks really good. I will definitely try it out. It sortof reminds me of my Mandarin Chicken recipe that I really like. I can’t wait to give this a shot!
I am glad I surfed the web and found this recipe. I have not tried it yet but I will tonight and will let you know how it turned out. I can’t wait!!!
Krista – glad you liked this. Thanks for letting me know!.
I will definitely make this again!
Ruchita – thanks for detailing your changes – that is so helpful! I’m glad you and your husband liked this meal.!
Made this tonight–my husband and I loved it! Just thought I would share.
Thanks, Susan!!
This was soooooo good! We had it for supper and there is none left. I doubled the sauce and followed your cooking times/ temperatures but I found the sauce was still very liquidy so next time I won’t double the sauce. Very good though.:)
I love this your site and all your ideas. Thank you! I always come to visit this site when I am in a cooking slump. (which is often) Honey glazed is one of my favorites!?!
[...] Kitchen Cafe’s Honey Glazed Chicken got me excited about cooking again! It got My Husband The Lawyer excited to eat it when he walked [...]
It’s in the oven right now! Smells delicious. I did cut back on the lemon juice because I only had 2 TBSP, but I think it’s going to be very yummy.
Made this tonight and it was FANTASTIC – can I tell you that my recently deciding to be picky eater son ate every bite! Love you and your site!
This is sooooooo good! Another hit!?
Hi Stephanie – you’ll have to forge your way through any substitutions you try. I’ve only ever made it with the soy and lemon juice. Good luck!
Yet another MKC winner. We had it with some stir fry veggies. Yummy!!
I have honey buttermtoo. How do you think that would go over with.
So glad that I tried this. My entire family loved it. I made a double batch—one with fresh lemon juice and one with fresh orange juice. To be honest I really could not tell a difference. Both were great. Everyone wanted the recipe.!
<|endofexample|>
Harrison.
1993: Sidney Shlenker agreed to give up his legal fight for control of The Pyramid in a tentative settlement motion filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Memphis. “Basically the cloud of litigation over The Pyramid will be lifted,” said Harris Quinn, the attorney for city and county governments.
1973: National Bank of Commerce installed a new “Teller 24” machine in the lobby of Commerce Square Downtown to demonstrate the new technology billed as an “electronic teller” that allowed customers to conduct bank business 24 hours a day.
1963: Augustus A. Busch of Anheuser-Busch Co. told the annual meeting of the Downtown Association that there is a need for the “protection and stabilization of the so-called central areas of our cities.” “It is self preservation for cities,” Busch said. “But it is also self preservation for the areas which have grown up around the central city area, which is the anchor of the whole community.”
<|endofexample|>
1,300 consecutive days. WOW!! Keep up the great work and Good Luck in the future! Your buddy, Warren :-)
Maybe this is the way to do Pittsburgh GasBuddy! Have a nice week! Thanks buddy! Ron
Have a nice weekend and Merry Christmas, a Happy New Year, and a prosperous 2013 to you and your family! Thanks buddy! Ron
Danke!
You're in!
The guys below are all my Buddies except you. Want to be my Buddy?
When I sit in a public place like church or a restaurant I always close my eyes. Pastor knows that I'm listening. LOL
<|endofexample|>
Product Description
Moisture, termite mould & mildew resistant, no splitting or cracking, 70% better insulating value than comparable wood products.
- Jamb Trim Sandstone Vinyl
- 11/16" x 5-13/16" x 10 ft.
- Prefinished
- There is a minimum order quantity for this item of 4
Dimensions: 11/16" x 5-13/16" x<<
<|endofexample|>
Details
Citrus Sport Suit Sexy sporty and totally hip. This sport top and throw back Short will take you back to the seventies. Look and feel like a star. The Boy Cut Short are perfect for a day at the beach or a swim in the pool while the sport top has a snug and supportive fit. Handmade in the UjENA California factory. Citrus Orange Sport Top * Supportive band * Cross-back straps * Fully lined * Matte Orange Nylon/Lycra fabric * Matte White Nylon/Lycra fabric Sizes: XS (AA-A), S (A-B), M (B-C), L (C), LL (D), 1X (DD) #F205t Citrus Orange Hipster Short * Low rise * Full rear coverage * Fully lined * Matte Orange Nylon/Lycra fabric * Matte White Nylon/Lycra fabric Sizes: XS (0-2), S (2-4), M (6-8), L (8-10), LL (12-14), 1X (14-16) #F205
<|endofexample|>
Cal Low Rise Trunk from the Calvin Klein Pro-Stretch Reflex collection features a modern low rise trunk silhouette with a contour pouch for comfort and support. Shorter cut leg openings allow for unobstructed movement and added comfort during athletic activities or during all day wear.
Featured in Men’s Health as the best men’s underwear to wear at the office.
90% Nylon, 10% Elastane.
Machine wash warm, do not bleach. Tumble dry low, do not iron. Do not dry clean. Wash dark colors separately.
<|endofexample|>
I knit in a very odd way, I call it half continental. I have the yarn in my left hand, and throw it with my left hand as well. So it is not english, and not continental....somewhere half way there. I have found it is really slow, though my knitting is very nice looking. Now I have been trying to knit in the normal continental style, and my tension has gone out the window. It is very lose and I have no idea how to fix this. Any suggestions on keeping it tight? I am knitting a scarf longways in an attempt to get my gauge to work properly...not working so far.
In other news, the choir I am in in is singing at the National Music Educators Association NW Division Conference in Spokane, WA this weekend. I am amazed that anyone would have a convention on V-Day weekend. We get to leave at 6 am on Friday and are singing at two highschools on our way up there. It is only a six hour drive. I am sad though, we will miss a lot of the really good sessions and performances because of the distance we have to travel. It anyone is a NMEA member they can come see us sing, but otherwise I think everyone is out of luck. My parents have not yet been able to hear me sing this year.
I used to knit that way.
I used to knit that way. Took me a few years to break the habit. It does make purling easier so i resort to that when i purl. You can get pretty fast but i got tired of the comments so i practiced using my left index finger now i wrap the yarn around my ring finger and then put my index finger under the yarn and use it to lift the yarn over the needle. I can go pretty fast now.
Thanks for posting that
When I learned to knit, I
When I learned to knit, I learned Continental but have felt that my tension was too tight due to the way I wrapped the yarn around my finger. Recently though, I've been trying a different method that I saw on the knitpicks site. There were some videos of the fastest knitter and she describes how she holds the yarn. I'm nowhere near as fast as she is, but I have increased the speed of my knitting and my tension is more regular. Good luck with it, but give it time as well.
Thanks for posting this
Thanks for posting this Andrew. I knit exactly like you (what you call half Continental), and I've never been a very fast knitter.
A number of times I've tried to switch to true continental and I have the exact same issue as you with tension that is way too loose. I have tried winding the yarn around fingers in ways I've watched in videos, but it is almost painfully uncomfortable.
Maybe Scottly is right and I just have to force myself to keep knitting the way I want to get to, but I will probably wait until I'm working on a project I don't care much about...lol.
I was told recently that it
I was told recently that it takes about six months for you to adjust to a new knittting technique. When I first switched to continental my stitches were way loose as well but in time the guage worked itself out, so now I have no problem. And... it took about six months to happen. I knit a lot of socks and you want socks to be knit tighter then say a scarf, so that might have helped me tighten up my general knitting. In the mean time you can do what I did an just use needles a size or two smaller then what's called for.
<|endofexample|>
By Bruce Newman
bnewman@mercurynews.com
In an attempt to take note of a historic milestone over which it has about as much control as world peace, the United Nations declared Monday, Oct. 31, the day that the world's population officially surpasses 7 billion.
In a break with recent tradition, the U.N. won't name a symbolic billionth baby.
Nobody knows where the 7 billionth baby will be born, but India -- which is producing humans at a rate of nearly one per second -- seems a likely bet. With 1.3 billion inhabitants, China is currently the world's most populous nation, but India is expected to overtake it by 2030. Without China and India, the planet would be 37 percent less populous -- and a much harder place to find good takeout.
The last
The U.N. Population Fund estimates there will be 10 billion of us by the turn of the next century, which, to some people, sounds like a lot. But a crowded planet often is in the eye of the beholder. Did you know, for instance, that every person in the world could fit inside the borders of Texas if it were
Of course, the cattle would all have to be sent to refugee camps in Oklahoma. But that seems a small price to pay for being able to get a bagel and a schmear at a Korean grocery in Odessa at 2 a.m.
Population 'bomb' a dud
From the day we climbed out of the primordial ooze, it took our species until 1804 -- the year Lewis and Clark set out on their grand expedition -- to reach a population of 1 billion. The first doubling occurred in 1927, and anyone born that year and alive today has seen it more than triple since. That explosion led Paul Ehrlich, Bing professor of population studies at Stanford and doomspinning author of the 1968 bestseller "The Population Bomb," to predict mass starvation in the '70s.
Since Ehrlich's bummer prophecy, the planet's population has doubled, but advancements in technology -- notably the "green revolution" that vastly increased food production -- have prevented mass extinctions. Still, Ehrlich remains ready for the coming apocalypse. "I am a doomsayer," he concedes cheerfully. "But my critics don't seem to realize we've already got almost a billion people starving, and another couple billion with diets you or I wouldn't trade for."
Since 1950, the global fertility rate has dropped by half, making birth rates a less important factor in population growth than improvements in medical science that raised the average lifespan in industrialized nations from 35 years to 77 today.
Future shock?
As people live longer, the number of retirees in places like Greece, Singapore and Japan has increased, while the number of workers needed to support them has not. This has led the semi-authoritarian government of Singapore to run an online dating service to boost baby production. The same problem could soon strike the U.S., where every added year of life expectancy reduces Social Security's solvency by an
The problem as Ehrlich and others see it is not just that the world has too many mouths to feed. It's that everything affects everything else. Rising temperatures brought on by global warming have already lowered corn and wheat yields, and corn and soybean production in this country could fall by as much as 80 percent by 2100, according to a report by the National Academy of Sciences.
But there is reason for optimism, depending on whether you see the world as half-empty or half-full. A baby could be born who someday creates a crop that's as abundant as our maternity wards. It could happen tomorrow.
Contact Bruce Newman at 408-920-5004.
MediaNews Group - Bay Area News Group
<|endofexample|>
: Coincidence November 25, 2010
Coincidences, for me, are like little “pats on the back” that tell me, “Hey Sara, you may not know what is next, but here’s a little something to let you know that you’re right on track.” When they happen, I try to remind myself to ease up and enjoy the experience.
Indonesia: Self-recollection on the ferry from Mentawai November 21, 2010
November 16 marked my one-year service anniversary with Mercy Corps West Sumatra.
<|endofexample|>
Diarrhea is when you have more than three very loose bowel movements in 1 day. For many, diarrhea.
What to ask your doctor about diarrhea - adult; Loose stools - what to ask your doctor - adult
What foods can make my problem worse?
Are there foods I should eat so I do not lose too much weight?
How much water or liquid should I drink during the day? What are the signs that I am not drinking enough water?
Do any of the medicines, vitamins, herbs, or supplements I am taking cause diarrhea? Should I stop taking any of them?
What products can I buy at the store to help with my diarrhea? What is the best way to take these?
Does my diarrhea mean I have a more serious medical problem?
When should I call the doctor?
<|endofexample|>
Health Publicity Materials distributed among children during Nagaon Health Mela 2012 in Assam.
Assam forest minister Rockybul Hussain addressing the crowd at Nagaon Health Mela 2012
Health mela inauguration meeting at Amplipukhuri L.P School in Nagaon district of Assam
BPHC health mela 2012 was organized at Amlipukhuri L.P School in Jugijan in Assam. 1664 patients were treated during..
Doctor has been instructed to check whole body of the students and write his observation in the advice slips. On the..
The team of Project Child is consist of both medical and paramedical staffs. They have been oriented to tackle all..
Under the School Health Programme doctor moves to schools as per action plan and arranged health check up of students..
In the students health cards all necessary data are recorded by medical officer after check up
<|endofexample|>
USS Sands (DD-243)
The USS Sands (DD-243) served in the US Navy for more than twenty years in the early 20th century. She was named for Rear Admiral Benjamin F. Sands who served in the Mexican-American War and the Civil War. The Sands was constructed as a Clemson-class destroyer.
Construction
Sands was laid down in Camden, New Jersey by the New York Shipbuilding Company in March 1919, launched in October 1919, and commissioned in November 1920 with Ensign William D. Leahy in temporary command. Carrying a crew of 114, Sands was armed with four 4-inch rapid-fire guns, one three-inch anti-aircraft gun, and twelve 21-inch torpedo tubes.
Naval History
USS Sands was commissioned in Philadelphia in November and received Commander Robert L. Ghormley as commanding officer in December, and then was prepared for European duty. In January 1921, Sands sailed between French and British ports until August, and was then assigned to duty in the Baltic Sea. Sands provided support for American Relief Committee efforts in Turkey and Greece until July. In the fall, Sands was overhauled in Philadelphia, and then alternated between service in the Caribbean and along the east coast until November 1930, when she was inactivated in Philadelphia and decommissioned in February 1931.
The Sands was reactivated in July 1932 and conducted exercises off San Diego and Hawaii. Deactivated at San Diego from September 1938 to September 1939, Sands was then assigned to patrol and escort duty off the east coast. Sands served as a coastal escort when the United States entered World War II, and operated on the west coast up to Alaska. In October 1942, Sands was re-designated APD-13 and converted to a high-speed transport, operated at Pearl Harbor until January 1943, and then served in the South Pacific.
In January, Sands and other ships were attacked by Japanese aircraft in the Solomon Islands, wounding nine crew members, but was able to pick up survivors from Chicago. Sands later served as a troop transport and escort between Australia and the Solomon Islands and New Guinea, aiding preparations for battles in Palau, Anguar, and Ulithi. In 1945, Sands was also stationed at Santiago Island, Leyte, and Saipan and operated as an escort to Okinawa. She was decommissioned at Philadelphia in October and sold for scrap to the Boston Metals Company the next spring.
Asbestos Risk on the USS Sands (DD-243)
Using asbestos insulation in the design of marine vessels was ordered by the US Congress in the early 1930s, after a fire at sea on a cruise ship caused the deaths of 137 passengers and crew. Sands, like most Navy ships of the time, deployed asbestos insulation heavily, especially in engines and engineering compartments, and for fireproofing all over the vessel. Asbestos has long been known for its insulation properties; however, it was also proven to be the only known cause of such debilitating diseases including asbestos cancer and peritoneal mesothelioma.
Unfortunately, a mesothelioma prognosis is not usually positive - mesothelioma victims only survive for less than two years after they are diagnosed. If you or someone you love has been diagnosed with malignant mesothelioma, there are legal avenues that may be available to you and a qualified mesothelioma lawyer can counsel you about them. Information on mesothelioma cancer is not always easy to obtain, so we've created a mesothelioma information kit with up-to-date information in it to help meet that need. It contains legal and treatment resources, along with a list of mesothelioma clinics all over the U.S. All you have to do is fill out the form on this page and we will send you the free kit.
Sources
Haze Gray & Underway. Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. DD-243. Retrieved 30 December 2010.
NavSource Naval History, USS Sands (DD-243). Retrieved 30 December 2010.
<|endofexample|>
The Colony Courier-leader > News
Police investigate possible drive-by shooting on SH 121 this morning in The Colony
By Marthe Stinton,
mstinton@starlocalnews.com
Published: Wednesday, October 24, 2012 5:11 PM CDT
The Colony Police Department received a frantic 911 call Wednesday at 10:27 a.m. from what police called a hysterical female driver.
Darren Brockway, spokesman for The Colony PD, said the driver claimed she was shot at on Sam Rayburn Tollway near Paige Road and Spring Creek Parkway.
"Officers and medics arrived because she was hysterical," Brockway said. "We couldn't get much information from her. The officers checked the vehicle - there were no bullet holes - and went to the area where she claimed it happened and found no bullet holes or shell casings."
Officers have looked at video from the tollway and have confirmed there was a vehicle near the woman's at the time she stated. There is no indication or confirmation shots were fired.
"We are now finding out that she may have had a blowout and there could have been some road rage happening while in traffic," Brockway said. "At this time we cannot confirm that shots were actually fired. We are not ruling it out and will need to enhance the video we have to determine that. NTTA is now in the process of [providing us with] those videos so we can watch and enhance it."
Because of the blowout, the woman lost control of her vehicle and hit a pole but Brockway said there was only minor damage to the woman's vehicle. She was taken to Baylor Medical Center at Carrollton for anxiety issues.
"The victim in this case is still unable to give a clear story of what happened, but what we are piecing together is that there was some arguing in traffic," Brockway said. "Then this happened, so when she calms down she can give us a full story of what happened. In the meantime, we will be looking at the video to see if we can make that determination ourselves."
Officers have a partial license plate and will be investigating the incident.
"If we do find out shots were fired, then that is deadly conduct, which is a felony and we will pursue it to the full extent," Brockway said. "Even if a gun was just displayed, we would still want to talk with that person. It's obviously scared this woman half to death. Even displaying a firearm in a threatening manner is still a crime - a very serious one. I think she could argue that she was in fear for her life."
Road rage issues are not uncommon in The Colony, Brockway said, as the department receives daily complaints.
"These calls increase during peak traffic hours where people do get upset and a simple honking of the horn could set off people who are usually sweet people but it turns them into monsters," he said. "We do try to tell people that if there is a vehicle in front of you that is driving slower than what you would like, there is probably a reason for that. A simple honking of a horn could fire up someone's adrenaline and people could get mad and you never know what they're going to do."
[x] Close Window
<|endofexample|>
Lewisville Leader > News
LHS speech and debate takes second in tournament
From staff reports
Published: Friday, January 25, 2013 1:56 PM CST.
LHS was the second place team overall award winner for individual event wins and the tournament second place sweepstakes team award winner.
Winners included:
Foreign extemporaneous speaking: Snowy Trowbridge, sixth
Poetry interpretation: Brooklynne Edley (Harmon) sixth, Hiral Desai fourth, Dallas Beall second
Prose interpretation: Jenny Nguyen seventh, Je'Teva Shannon sixth (Harmon), Kayla Irvins-Austin fifth, Maritza Limon fourth, Dalton Franks third, Dallas Beall second, Hiral Desai first
Original oration: Durwan Green sixth, Kayla Hall fifth, Dalton Franks fourth, Snowy Trowbridge first
Dramatic interpretation: Joshua Wallace (Harmon) fourth, Jacqueline Thompson (Killough) third, Dallas Beall second, Durwan Green first
Humorous interpretation: Je'Teva Shannon (Harmon) third, Kayla Hall second, Durwan Green first
Lincoln Douglas debate: Anika Khan (Harmon) 16th, Fairooz Adams 17th, BrookLynne Edley 20th
"Our students posted awesome performances," said LHS Speech and Debate Coach Sally Squibb. "The entire Wiley College squad and coaching staff were helpful and supportive as they welcomed LHS students."
As part of the Wiley College scholarship squad's dedication to helping young speakers, several Wiley squad members will mentor LHS debaters and public speakers as they prepare for the rapidly approaching high school national qualifying tournaments.
[x] Close Window
<|endofexample|>
- Publisher: Valcon Games
- Release Date: Mar 24, 2009
- Also On: PC, Wii
User Score
tbd
No user score yet- Be the first to review!
- Summary:.!… Expand
- Developer: Mad Monkey
- Genre(s): Party Games
- Cheats: On GameFAQs
- More Details and Credits »
Score distribution:
- Positive: 0 out of
- Mixed: 0 out of
- Negative: 0 out of
<|endofexample|>
User Score
8.1 out of 10
Generally favorable reviews- based on 505 Ratings
User score distribution:
- Positive: 419 out of 505
- Mixed: 33 out of 505
- Negative: 53 out of 505
Review this game
- User score
- Most active
- By date
- Most helpful
- Most Clicked
- Sep 18, 201210
- Oct 18, 20124Let me say this right off the bat: Borderlands 2 is not a bad game. Borderlands 2 is NOT a bad game!
On the surface, Borderlands 2 is a very good-looking, witty, polished shooter that seems like it would deliver everything the first game had to deliver, and some more. However, beneath that charming exterior lies an extreeeeeemely slow and repetitive shooter that makes anyone with a working gag reflex to put the game down and play with Microsoft Excel instead.
I loved the first Borderlands, I would play and play before sleep (and then not go to sleep), I loved the gameplay; the RPG and the First Person Shooter combination was unlike anything I ever seen, I remember thinking that Borderlands was everything I wanted Fallout 3 to be. So, what went wrong with the sequel?
First of all, do you recall the tutorial section of the first Borderlands where Claptrap escorts you around the bandit camp? That section took around 15 minutes and the game threw you into an open world, giving you a few quests to start yourself off. In Borderlands 2, someone thought it would be a marvelous idea to expand that 15 minutes of tutorial into a span of 2 hours, 2 mundane hours of you going through the same, boring, ice environment, listening to that poor excuse of a "funny little robot" called Claptrap yelling in your ear through the whole thing. I don't know about you, but I didn't find any gameplay in Borderlands 2 before reaching Sanctuary fun in any way shape or form.
Gameplay remains the same as the first Borderlands: Shoot and loot, there are tons of different guns with different stats, you can swap them in and out at any time in your inventory, you can equip different shields and grenade mods too, for those who have played the first game, this will feel familiar to you. Speaking of shoot and loot, the shooting is the main course of the game, it begins to feel repetitive and boring killing the same type of enemy over and over and over, with the occasional "badass" enemy or miniboss thrown in to slow you down, looting remains the same; you go to anything that has a green light and mash the loot button to loot stuff, although, 99% of the time, you won't find anything that's better than what you currently have and you'll end up selling the loot instead, which begs the question of why not just have cash as loot instead in the first place if it's not going to be better items.
My main complaint about Borderlands 2 is how slow the game feels, quests seems to drag on and on over long stretches of maps that feels longer than they should be, and to make maters worse, the quest rewards don't seem to be ever worth it; let me give you an example: I'm level 25 and I need 15k EXP to reach level 26, I look up some quests on the billboard that are around level 23 to level 25, and how much EXP do they give? 1000 EXP? Are you kidding me? That's not even 10% of what I need to reach the next level! The enemies barely give any EXP worth mentioning, so in the end, it's all just a huge waste of time. In the first game, you would be rewarded EXP for completing challenges, so maybe that's why this game feels so slow in the leveling compared to the first, I don't mind the "Badass Tokens" system they implemented in this one for completing challenges, but why can't we have EXP on top of that?
My final gripe of this game is the so-called "humor". I'll be honest, I didn't find the humor in the first game funny, but the writing was tolerable, in Borderlands 2, the developers seemed so pleased with themselves that they decided to rub the humor in so hard that it will forever leave a shameful imprint of claptrap on your face. I watched a stream of someone playing the game for the first time and as soon as the "0 as a number" appeared in the intro, about 15 people in the chat went "Lol, that is so clever!"
...
Not... really... It was kind of uncomfortable to witness and I was surprised my brain didn't slip out of my nostrils to escape further humiliation.
In conclusion, I would say that Borderlands 2 is not worth £40 (I paid £60 for the Collector's Edition...), maybe pick it up at £15 if you really want to, but I say stick with the first game, if you haven't played the first one and you're really aching for a quirky, first person shooter with RPG elements, then I say definitely pick this up.…
-.
-
- Sep 19, 201210, 20129
- Oct 2, 20120.
- The game is improved in almost every area. However the AI is terrible. You can shoot people whilst other enemies stand oblivious just a few metres away. Claptrap is as annoying as ever and the humour is really childish. Guns are great though and lots of fun to be had with all the different designs.
-
- Its Borderlands, not different from the first one much, though the weapons are a little more diverse and the plot gets going quicker which is good being the first one was a little too spaced between the fun moments. The problem I have with the game is that you see a camp of baddies, you shoot one and they all go nuts, you kill them, you move forward and more baddies spawn, repeat a thousand times more add some boss battles and you got the whole game. But its still enjoyable, just as Skyrim was good for at least 50 hours before you realized that you are just stuck in a loop, and by then you got your moneys worth unlike most games released.… Expand
- Nov 28, 20127 23, 201210
- Sep 19, 20129.… Expand
- Nov 12, 20120
- Dec 9, 20126I am having a love / hate relationship with Borderlands 2. On one hand, I'm enjoying it enough to continue playing it after three weeks already, and I'm only about half way through, but on the other hand, all too often I'm finding that playing it is more of a chore than it is fun. Yes, it's great that there are so many varieties of weapons and shields but, well, there are so many that it's a bit mind boggling to sift through it all. Mostly I just pick up everything I find and then sell most of it all off at the next ammo dump. And the mission are so long, so very very long, that it takes upwards of three to five hours just to get from point A to point B in a side mission, that is if you want to waste the enemies instead of just trying to charge your way through them. When you finally complete the quest, it doesn't feel rewarding, instead it's just a relief that the mission is finally over. There are other nuisances such as picking up items that will change the look of your automobile that hog your backpack space when who cares what your stupid automobile looks like; that's such a minor part of the game anyway. No matter what others say, don't believe them otherwise: this is a really hard game to get through solo. If you're not playing with friends online, you will repeatedly find yourself outnumbered in frantic episodes of insanity during which you don't even know what's shooting at you and you will die again and again, and each time you die it's going to cost you some of that loot that you spent hours picking up. With all of this combined I found myself all too often just wishing the mission I was on was over already so I could get on to something else, and the problem is you can't skip the side missions, that's impossible, if you do you won't be leveled up enough to play the main storyline. Yet, on the other hand, with all of this frustration going against it, I'm still coming back to it and playing it because it at least has it's good moments, unlike Dead Island, and the visuals along with the humor is just enough to keep things going by a hair.… Expand
-.
-
- Jan 16, 20136I know that I'm probably going to cause a lot crap on here, but I wasn't that impressed with Borderlands 2. I have played the original, and wasn't that impressed with it either. But after reading up on this game, and seeing new stuff I thought I would give it a try. Now its by no means a bad game, but I just found it to be average not that special. I don't know if its because im over saturated on first person shooters or what, but I played it for a while and eventually traded it in. The graphics were colorful, the humor was great, but online play for me was rocky. I kept getting kicked off, and the massive update that I had to install took better part of three hours to download before I could even get online. Also I think the balance is off when it comes to the enemies. I was level 7, fighting level 5 enemies and they were proving to be difficult,(and at one time actually killed me) now I'm two levels ahead but can't seem to drop them. However I fought a boss that was higher than me and held my own eventually beating him. Overall if Gearbox would fix the balance issues, the laggy online play, and maybe spice the gameplay the next Borderlands could be a awesome game. But as it stands right now, I won't be going back anytime soon..… Expand
- Come on guys, I really understand that a lot of you LOVE this game, but everyone giving it a 10 is just unrealistic. I generally give this game an 8. It was a very good game to me. It does what it sets out to do and that is to give players a worth while first person shooter experience with a comic side to it. I have mixed feelings about the cell shading. On one side of the coin, it gives the game that "comic book" feel and makes it more fictional and really sets the environment up, On the other side, its a "been there, done that" easy way to texture. I really wish someone would come up with a new way to sell comic book style games without using cell shading, its quite predictable.. On another negative note, the game was sorely repetitive. Go here, kill that, loot this, get reward, rinse and repeat. Now that i got all the negative out of the way, this game was a wonderful time waster. When I was bored I knew i could turn on BL2 and have a good, ol' fashioned killing spree and be rewarded for it. The main story line was good, not great, but good enough that I wanted to complete it. They expanded on the dialogue from the first game in a comically gritty way and in more than one occasion I would burst out laughing at a funny quip or witty sentence. I also really liked how they made the bad guy believe he was the good guy. A good reversal complex on the bad guy added to his anger when you succeed because according to him "bad guys are supposed to lose". One thing I would have love to see added to the game is a romance section. While I know this sounds a little ridiculous to some, I think it would have given the main character a little more drive to complete his goal other than "Just because he/she's a vault hunter". Please don't confuse "romance" with "interactive romance" for I know that wouldn't fit into the genre. A scripted romance would have gone a long way in giving me more motive in my humble opinion.… Expand
- An amazing addition to the original Borderlands 2. While I enjoy this game, I will say Borderlands 1 was far superior. Borderlands 2 simply lacks the comedy that was found in the first installation of this series. It almost appears as if the game went from lowbrow sex puns, plays-on-words, and generally lowbrow witty humor to douchebag humor. Like high-five frat house humor. I totally screwed that chick, brah! Oh my god, dude! That's like totally awesome! *body five*
Christ, 2k. I'll still give your game a 7, but you dropped the ball on your writing this time around. Rehire the first team and fire your current one.…
- Dec 30, 20127
- Sep 18, 201210An absolutely amazing game. Borderlands 2 improves on everything found in Borderlands, from the brilliant writing to the ridiculous number of guns while adding in a plethora of new features. An absolute must have game.
- Sep 19, 20129
- Borderlands 2 will give you a lasting appeal that is equivalent to 10 modern games, and it's not just because of the huge amount of missions. It's everything else that will bring you back again, and again.
-
- Nov 21, 20126Didnt like this game. Everything seemed good, but the story was all over the place and a game needs a decent story, you never connect with any characters and its just a crazy shooter which didnt impress me. I didnt hate the game but didnt complete it and got bored quickly.
- I can stand the positive critic this game recieves from non-hardcore players. This game will dissapoint hardcore Borderlands players like me. Let's start of with the positive stuff: the game has gotten a nice graphical upgrade, the shooting feels more satisfying, and has a better storie (mostly), you've heart about this enough in other review. Let's get to the bad; the original charmed me with it's non-linearity, the nice atmosphere, the replayability and the unending variating loot. Everything has been downgraded in the sequel. -Non-linearity: Let's say, the story is pretty much forced trough your throat, especially at the beginning.
-Atmosphere: There is a lot more variation in the environment, it's never mindblowing, like the original with it's wide landscapes.
-Loot: Let just say, from the technical side, it has been downgraded a lot. The differencation between the manufacturers is nice but it gets really gimmicky also, the differencation within a manufacturer has pretty much dissapeared. For example: It's almost like there's only one Tedoire SMG, of course there are small extras like elemental modifiders, etc. but that's it.
-Replayability: The SP gets pretty annoying after a playtrough or 2 and there's no neverending loot variation anymore.
That's it, I know this review is pretty much useless because the hardcore BL1 players where this was ment for, have bought this game for sure :|… game gave me something the first lacked : storyline. This game is great if you played the first and wanted plot this is the game for you, a drastic improvement over the first. Enjoyable multiplayer and second playthrough is actually really challenging.
-!
- Jan 13, 20136
- Apr 15, 20136I'll give this game a 6 for three reasons...awesome looting/diverse weapon designs, fun characters (handsome jack is a pretty great villain) and its got a pretty gorgeous world. Now I'm not a jagged gamer by any means but i cannot ignore the awfulness of the AI in this game. it isn't just terrible, it's completely broken all together. You can shoot someone twice and they'll usually come after you but sometimes they'll just stop attacking and go to normal patrol mode like nothing happened. WTF is that? How does that happen? I mean really that is a huge flaw...and what I dont get is that this wasn't really an issue with BL1 so how does it exist in this one? I really wish this didn't happen because it makes me want to take the disk out and play something else whenever the damn enemy just ignores the fact that he just got shot three seconds ago and go back to walking around like a moron. there should be a caution level in this game like in the elder scrolls or fallout. when you engage the enemy and then disappear from sight there should be a few minute caution level where everyone runs around trying to find the guy, but instead they just go back to what they were doing...just awful awful awful game combat design. real shame too cause the rest of the game is perfect.… Expand
- Borderlands 2 is no bad game by any stretch its cel shaded graphics are smoother, more crisp and sharper than the original although cel shaded graphics are not to everybody's liking. I understand what people are saying about the loot and quests being long and arduous and not worthwhile, the loot complaints are quite petty to say hte least, I'd be more concerned with the AI who in the 1st installment were quite ruthless but fair while in this its almost non-existent you can practically walk up to an enemy and look them in the eye before they take any action and then worse still after a short firefight the others will stop shooting and walk on?! The only time the AI seem to be on the ball is in boss fights, although the melee psycho's seem to work well cowering after taking a melee hit or two but otherwise unfinished is probably right in terms of the AI. One of the more irritating things is the inability to get out of the water if you fall in, amazingly enough your moon jumping from the first one has been toned down a slight bit but still big leaps are possible but if you land in the water you somehow can't get out which is quite hard to believe and frustratingly stupid as all you can do is respawn… Expand
- Oct 19, 201210
- Borderlands 2 is a more refined version of Borderlands. Essentially, if you liked Borderlands, you will probably like Borderlands 2. The gameplay is very similar, but there have been a lot of small improvements that really change a lot(the biggest improvement to me is that you can walk over ammo or money on the ground and automatically pick it up instead of having to click on it.)
The one noticeable flaw for me was in multiplayer. The flaw is that the loot is still shared loot. If you are playing as a sniper character and playing with strangers, you have a very negligible chance of being able to pick up any loot whatsoever. It's not a gamebreaking flaw, by any means, but I would have liked to see individual loot in the multiplayer.… Expand
-.
- Feb 18, 20137
- This game is fun as hell. No matter if solo or coop i really enjoy this game when i play it with all the stuff, you can do in this game. The Cel Shading Look of this game really has style and the humour is great.
- Oct 2, 201210
- Expands and improves everything from the original game. The story is amazing, and it is also an absolute ball to shoot everything. There might as well be 12 separate classes with all the customization options. Buy this game.
- May 13, 20138.… Collapse
- Oct 2, 201210
- Nov 13, 201210 29, 201210This game should definetly be a contender for GOTY. Great story and characters, hilarious side missions and Easter eggs and just fun to play. The only reason you shouldn't buy it is if you hate fun.
- Sep 19, 20121010This game is basically flawless, super fun and instantly addicting! Right when you start the customization and additions to the first borderlands are apparent it was tough to improve but gearbox did it.
-10Game is fun and a joy to play. If you had fun with the first game you should get this and if you haven't played the first game then you should still get this game.
- Sep 23, 20129….
- May 7, 20137"Borderlands 2 is a really fun game to play with friends but isn't as different from Borderlands 1." I don't mean that in a bad thing but if you dislike the first Borderlands, Borderlands 2 maybe a turn off after the first half of the game.
Borderlands 2 is an action/shooter WRPG and a shoot and loot type game. You got 4 character classes, one other character class as DLC. I thought the 4 playerable character were a bit of a disappointment as I thought there could of been more characters classes in 2 then from the first game. Sure you got the one extra character, the Mechromancer but i don't see the value in paying more. There're multiple and randomly generated guns each with there own type of weapon and stats to fit anyone's play style. When your base level progresses, you can upgrade a skill level that gives small bonuses to your character class. Pretty much, The Borderlands series is more like Diablo 2 but with guns which is a great idea for a concept if executed well. I can understand being a console game but it would been nice to have control of player stats then having stats done for you.
The major improvements to Borderlands 2 is its presentation. The game is much more funnier. Characters are interesting giving them voiced dialog, there're are bunch of references from the late 80s and modern times. The villain, Handsome Jack is everywhere and controls most Pandora, the current plant that series takes place one. You play as one of the Vault Hunters to open the other secret Vault and put a stop to Handsome Jack's evil deeds by joining the resistances against him. You'll see meet characters from the first game specially the previous Vault Hunts that will fight with you. The presentation to Borderlands 2 is greatly improved as well as the quest that I found tedious and annoying from the first game.
The only newest feature when it comes too gameplay is the new element called Slag. Once Slag is placed on the enemy, any normal weapon will do 3 times amount of damage and much more with stat bonuses and critic hits. Other then that, its still the same game as the first one with slightly great improvements to the presentation.… Expand
- Nov 9, 201210...
- Fun game, built mainly for the co-op, could use more of a story and plot. Haven't really spent much time with this one, though I doubt I'll be striving for the end, already running into frustrating scenarios... Started off as the Assassin class, no sniper-rifle in sight, and I'm already level 5.
- Oct 29, 201210 31, 20129
- Borderlands...
- Dec 1, 20120Great game when it works, but what's the point when the game is so riddled with glitches, the game is unplayable? Unless you like to waste your time building characters only to have your hard work deleted, avoid this game. Gearbox Software is a joke. They have no idea how to fix the glitch and when you visit their forums, they greet you with a particularly offensive brand of Programmer's Superiority Complex. What do they care? They have our money. They shouldn't get yours. They won't get mine again.… Expand
-10Beautiful game, my source of fun during these useless fall months besides running. There is witty and colorful gameplay, and it is such a nice feeling when you find that awesome gun. The characters and NPCs are amazing as well.
- Nov 16, 20121010, 20129
- This is probably one of the better loot grabbing RPG's I have ever played. The graphics are nicely done, but are not for everyone. The game play is great with PLENTY of customization! This game is EASILY worth your money!
-
-.
<|endofexample|>
- Publisher: Xseed Games
- Release Date: Mar 2, 2010
- Summary: The Lunar series gets reborn on the PSP as Lunar: Silver Star Harmony with all new graphics, added gameplay features, and a re-mastered soundtrack.
- Developer: Game Arts
- Genre(s): Role-Playing
-.
- If you were ever a fan of the series, then I'd suggest an instant purchase of this particular title, but if you've never played Lunar before, you might be better off with a rental before diving in, just to see if some of the dated mechanics of classic RPGs are your cup of tea.
- Although Silver Star Harmony is not a perfect remake, it's one that definitely received a lot of tender love and care.
See all 26 Critic Reviews
Score distribution:
- Positive: 2 out of 2
- Mixed: 0 out of 2
- Negative: 0 out of 2
- PeterC.9No,
<|endofexample|>
- Studio: Screen Gems
- Release Date: Dec 4, 2009
- Starring: Columbus Short, Laurence Fishburne, Matt Dillon
- plalan quickly unravels and all bets are off. (Sony Pictures)… Expand
- Director: Nimród Antal
- Genre(s): Action, Drama, Thriller
- More Details and Credits »
Score distribution:
- Positive: 2 out of 13
- Mixed: 10 out of 13
- Negative: 1 out of 13
- A solid heist flick elevated by its ensemble cast and the visual eye of Hungarian-born director Nimrod Antal ("Kontroll").
-
- 60Director Nimrod Antal’s grungy gang-of-thieves pic is tough and, for this genre, surprisingly ethical.
- A rule of thumb for characters in heist movies: If the idiots hatching the scheme swear it's "foolproof," it isn't. If they say they've got a rock-solid alibi, they don't. If they're convinced nothing could possibly go wrong, something will.
See all 13 Critic Reviews
Score distribution:
- Positive: 4 out of 8
- Mixed: 1 out of 8
- Negative: 3 out of 8
- BobS10Amazing simple as that.
- JessicaG8After seeing the movie I was very impressed. I thought the movie was intense and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. The choice of actors was amazing. The main character was the type that you were drawn to and just wanted to see him win. After reading the other reviews I really don't understand what movie some of them were watching if they were giving it a 2 like honestly what movie were you watcing. I admit it's not the all time best movie i've ever seen, hence why I gave it an 8, but to give it a 2 is pretty harsh. Sorry but you guys need a lesson in good movies. Expecially when people give a movie like this a 2 and they'll give movies that stink in my opinion really good reviews. Guess it's just my opinion but to me you guys are wrong and this movie was awesome. Definatley worth a trip to the movies.… Expand
-
-
<|endofexample|>
- Studio: Strand Releasing
- Release Date: Oct 22, 2010
User Score
tbd
No user score yet- Be the first to review!
- Summary: hot.(Strand Releasing)… Expand
- Director: Eyad Zahra
- Genre(s): Drama
- More Details and Credits »
Score distribution:
- Positive: 2 out of 8
- Mixed: 3 out of 8
- Negative: 3 out of 8
- 67Deepens as it plays out, and rewards viewers who stick with it through the clumsier passages. The film is moving and thought-provoking.
- 60The actual Taqwacore movement is distilled in blatantly simplistic fashion, but Zahra does capture the novel's adolescent excitement, in which a new generation rediscovers rebellion all over again.
- 40The Taqwacores aims for a provocative, anarchic cool by juxtaposing Islam and punk rock. But the storytelling is so muddled and the filmmaking so unpolished - and not in a good way - that mostly this movie is just unpleasant. It's also not nearly as insightful as it thinks it is.
- 30As a misfit-centric slap at religious conformity, the story's premise couldn't be more primed for trenchant social comedy, but screenwriter Knight and director Eyad Zahra opt for maintaining a thin veneer of tiresome obnoxiousness over exploring the contours of an emotionally complicated subculture.
<|endofexample|>
[Beverley].”Furlong responds to the allegations. The RCMP is investigating.
(Frontier Apostle records are tightly guarded by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Prince George; the Straight was told in April in Prince George that those records were closed.)Well, I guess those records are going to be opened right back up now that there will be an RCMP investigation. Should be interesting. Of course, his just *being* at that school in Burns Lake would not prove anything, but it will be awfully strange if it turns out he had conveniently omitted that chunk of Canadian experience from his life story.
[Robinson] said she has only met Furlong twice. She said she tried asking him in 2008 or 2009 in Ottawa about the lawsuit against VANOC by women seeking to ski jump in the 2010 Winter Olympics. She said the second time was in April 2011 at a newspaper industry convention in Richmond, B.C. She said she tried asking him questions about his time as a Catholic missionary.posted by hurdy gurdy girl at 1:06 AM on September 28, 2012
"He wouldn't let me finish my sentence, he screamed stop it and walked away," Robinson said..posted by Catchfire at 10:46 AM on September 28, 2012 [1 favorite]
« Older Marc Morrone is a pet shop owner from the Bronx wh... | More than 1,000 works by Goya ... Newer »
This thread has been archived and is closed to new comments
posted by docgonzo at 9:49 PM on September 27, 2012 [5 favorites]
<|endofexample|>
The kraken of tall tales and sea shanties is coming into sharp focus, a flesh-and-blood reality. But why now?posted by the man of twists and turns at 3:09 AM on January 30
Ellis thinks our increasing ability to peer and pry into the world’s most remote nooks and crannies has something to do with it. “We are only now learning how to investigate the ocean without sending a man down in a bathysphere or a research submersible,” he told me. “The use of robot cameras enables researchers to cover greater swaths of dark ocean without endangering themselves. The more we do it, the more surprises we get.” (His new e-book, The Little Blue-eyed Vampire from Hell, is about one such surprise, first described in 1903 but only recently videotaped in its bathypelagic haunt in 1992: Vampyroteuthis infernalis, the freakish little squid with the largest eyes in the animal kingdom, proportionally speaking; light-producing photophores dotting much of its body, like deep-sea Christmas lights; and of course that awesome name, worthy of a Norwegian death-metal band.20) Stealth—made possible by far-red lighting and noiseless cameras—is also a factor, says Widder, in increased sightings of giant squid and other figments of the oceanic unconscious.
« Older F**king Cruise Ship... | "I am currently hiking the 1,7... Newer »
This thread has been archived and is closed to new comments
posted by Etrigan at 9:55 AM on January 9 [5 favorites]
<|endofexample|>
For what it's worth, I think it's this kind of shit that keeps much of America thinking of the South as a third world country. And if I remember correctly, this asshole is an elected judge who won by a landslide just last year.
« Older Was the Gospel of Mark a rewrite of Homer's Iliad ... | Ashcroft and his wacky antics.... Newer »
This thread has been archived and is closed to new comments
On the other hand, it's just Alabama.
posted by solistrato at 5:58 PM on February 20, 2002
<|endofexample|>
Interviewer.
Hi Mr. Turner really nice to talk to you again, could you please tell us a bit about the new album with the project Sunstorm?
JLT: The project is called “Sunstorm.” Serafino Perugino and Mario de Riso (Frontiers) used to exchange tapes. Mario gave Serafino a cassette he had from a journalist, with my unreleased second solo album demos…some of these songs were supposed to be on the follow up to “Rescue You.” When Frontiers signed me to a deal, Serafino asked me about releasing these songs and I agreed that it might be a great idea.
Should the Sunstorm album being considered a project album or your solo album?
JLT: The Sunstorm album is a project-album not a solo album. Many different songwriters were involved as were other musicians and Dennis Ward. So…even though I did write some tracks and sing on all of them, it’s not a solo album.
Dennis Ward from Pink Cream 69 has produced and also plays on the album, but besides him how did you choose the musicians you wanted to play with?
JLT: I did not choose the musicians but I think they are all brilliant and I would welcome the chance to work with them again.
How was it to work with the musicians you picked and did you knew anyone since earlier on?
JLT: It was great working with Dennis and the musicians…they did an outstanding job making the songs pretty much the way I envisioned them sounding. I did know Jim Peterik and a couple of the other writers before the Sunstorm project.
One of your label mates Jim Peterik have contributed with material to the album, but many other songwriters besides him have delivered stuff, can you tell us which writers you have worked with?
JLT: I am going to assume your question here is specifically about the Sunstorm project so I will answer it that way J. If I had to list every writer I have worked with on other projects, I would probably be typing for hours ….LOL!
Here’s some notes:
Jack Ponti: Jack Ponti was big in New Jersey, my home state. He played guitar in the band “The Rest,” which also featured Jon Bon Jovi. He’s worked with Skid Row, Alice Cooper, Babylon A.D., Bonfire (who I also worked with) and many more I am forgetting right now.
Laurence Alan Dvoskin: “Larry” was with me in Fandango, the band I was in before Rainbow. Very ecclectic band…not heavy metal at all but we did do some hard rock and bluesy songs…even some that could be categorized as Southern Rock as that genre was huge in the late 70s.
Van Stephenson / Dave Robbins: Have their roots in Black Hawk. I do not know either of them personally but Van apparently developed cancer and passed away a few years ago. There is a tribute to him at one of my fave sites, melodicrock.com:
Jim Peterik: Known early on for his work in “Ides of March” and I covered “Vehicle” on my first “Undercover” album. He co-founded Survivor…a band that had amazing melodic rock songs in the discography. He also wrote many of 38 Special’s songs. He’s written with many other artists.
Dan Huff: Known by melodic rock fans for his work with Giant but has gone on to be a major writer and producer since then.
Jon Astley: Worked with the Who among others.
Marilyn Martin: Most people remember her for her stunning duet with Phil Collins “Separate Lives”
John Parr: Noted for “St. Elmos Fire” and “Naughty Naughty”—huge 80s melodic rock hits
How many of your old songs are featured on the final album and how many are other songwriters material?
JLT: Lisa told me that the promo CDs she received did not include liner notes so she asked Frontiers for this information. I am going to paste it into this document so that you have it because it pretty much answers your question.
A 1 FR CD 302 Keep Tonight Joe Lynn Turner/ Jack Ponti Jolt Music/ASCAP 0.04.03A 2 FR CD 302 Fame And Fortune Joe Lynn Turner/ Laurence Alan Dvoskin Jolt Music/ASCAP, Cool Guy Music / BMI, Ensign Music / BMI 0.04.01A 3 FR CD 302 Heart Over Mind Van Stephenson / Dave Robbins Published by Warner – Tamerlane Publishing Corp, WB Music Corp 0.04.13A 4 FR CD 302 This Is My Heart Jim Peterik Jim Peterik Music ASCAP 0.03.56A 5 FR CD 302 Strenght Over Time Jim Peterik Jim Peterik Music ASCAP 0.04.31A 6 FR CD 302 Another You Jim Peterik/ Dick Eastman Jim Peterik Music ASCAP 0.04.56A 7 FR CD 302 Fist Full Of Heat G. Green / Dann Huff / Van Stephenson Published by Riva Music/Warner –Tamerlane Publishing Corp, Writers House Music Inc 0.04.37A 8 FR CD 302 Love’s Gone Wrong Joe Lynn Turner/ Laurence Alan Dvoskin Jolt Music/ASCAP, Cool Guy Music / BMI, Ensign Music / BMI 0.03.52A 9 FR CD 302 Night Moves Jon Astley, Marilyn Martin, John Parr Bogus Global Music / ASCAP 0.05.07A 10 FR CD 302 Danger Of Love Jim Peterik Jim Peterik Music ASCAP 0.05.08A 11 FR CD 302 Making Up For Lost Time Jim Peterik / Bill Syniar / Barb Unger Jim Peterik Music ASCAP, Blind Emotion Music/Ascap 0.04.21A 12 FR CD 302 Arms Of Love Jim Peterik/ David Carl Jim Peterik Music ASCAP 0.04.09
Why did you choose to call the project Sunstorm? What’s the any story behind that name?
JLT: I did not choose the name. It was suggested by Frontiers along with the cover art graphic. Since I am also a Fire Sign (zodiac) and can be a bit of a “sunstorm” myself in terms of my personality…LOL…I thought it fit. Actually, I really do like the name.
What are the lyrics about? Have you written about any special issues in particular? By looking at the title one can see that a lot of the songs are about love, is that correct?
JLT: Yes, you are correct or as I like to sometimes say…”personal politics” LOL! Here are my studio report notes on all the songs.
Keep Tonight
This was a collaboration with Jack Ponti. We had been writing for other bands (Bonfire, Gorky Park, Baton Rouge) when we came up with this one. It sounded like something I would do so I kept it for myself. Jack has a great imagination and is a very colourful lyricist, I learned a lot from him in that regard. It’s pretty obvious that it’s about a one night stand, althoughit’s romantic in it’s content. There must have been a lot of feelings for the significant other!!!
Fame And Fortune
Another song that came out of the writing sessions with Devoskin! I was telling him how I felt about my current situation at the time. I had just came out of Rainbow and was feeling like the game of rock and roll was very transparent and it wasn’t what most people think it is. The lyrics express avery true feeling that I was living.
Heart Over Mind
When I first heard this song I was totally captured by it’s haunting quality. It’s almost as if your in the mind/heart of the person who lost a lover and their inner struggle to gain strength to go on living: a strong song with a lot of personal meaning.
This Is My Heart
Now who hasn’t felt like this !… a killer rock track is setting the background for an emotional lyric of self reliance and power!… I really lived this one… Very inspirational!… a fav of mine!…. but then they all are!
Strength Over Time
A powerful lyric in a great musical framework!… they don’t get much better than this!… a true sentiment of the wisdom of life experience… and it rocks!
Another You
Peterik does it again with this ballad! Sometimes he just says what I’m feeling! I really love the touch of R&B style while still being a straight up hit pop song!!!! One of my fav’s!!!
Fist Full Of Heat
This is a western movie soundtrack title song! It has the story line and color of the genre! Think Young Guns, Blaze of Glory, etc… and it rocks! Cool!
Loves Gone Wrong
I wrote this with my friend Larry Devoskin. He was the keyboard player in Fandango. We gave this song a kind of Latin rock feel, on the original demo I even played timbales!!! The lyric is a struggle with a love that has already been over for some time. I know that most people have had this same feeling a time or two!
Night Moves
This was a bit of a challenge because a female had sang the demo and I thought the lyric fit her persona better than it did a male! But I just switched positions and thought about what it would be like to be in that situation. I guess it worked because I got seriously into the song and it came to life!
Danger Of Love
This was a great song to sing… the lyric is something we can all relate to! And the track is powerful!
Making Up For The Last Time
What a fantastic story!… I know a lot of us have had this happen: love with the same person the second time around! This is a well crafted, well written song! Peterik strikes again!
Arms Of Love
A Jim Peterik gem! Jim and i have been friends for a long time. We’ve written together as well (“Blueprint for the blues” on the “Hurry up and wait” cd). He’s one of the great songwriters of our time!!! It was a pleasure to sing this romantic song, with a great lyric of how it feels to be away from the one you love… a classic!!!
When and where was the album recorded?
JLT: I recorded my parts in my home studio here in Northern New Jersey, USA.
You’re used to produce your albums by yourself, was it hard to let anyone else produce the album?
JLT: Not hard at all! In fact, it was a huge relief! I could focus completely on vocals. Dennis did an amazing job. Although I do like producing it’s sometimes good for myself or any artist to let someone else take those reins for a change.
How was it to work with Dennis Ward, what’s he like as a producer?
JLT: It was fantastic! He was a consummate professional and it all turned out pretty much how I had envisioned it. That says a lot right there!
The bio claims this album to be Joe Lynn Turner’s return to melodic hardrock/rock, is that so do you think?
JLT: I agree only in the sense that this album is melodic rock throughout as compared to most of my solo albums that had some bluesy hard rock and more “metal” songs sprinkled in. However, I disagree in that I have ALWAYS had several melodic rock type songs on all my solo records. So…I never “left” the genre.
How would you like to describe what kind of music Sunstorm plays? And do you think that old fans of Joe Lynn Turner are going to like this?
JLT: I describe it as early to mid 80s-sounding melodic rock as compared to the “hair band” stuff that came out in the late 80s. I have heard that JLT fans who like “Rescue You” love this album. This makes sense since the album I would have put out after “Rescue You” probably would have sounded a lot like this one.
Can we expect more albums from the Sunstorm project? Do you have enough material for another album?
JLT: As for another Sunstorm record…that will be up to the fans and the record company. As for material…I am going through older material right now for possible use on my next solo album and future projects so I think there is enough material in the archives. Certainly we could also involve other writers like we did here with this first album. It does not have to be all my writing.
Are you happy with the outcome of the album?
JLT: Absolutely and it is great to read the wonderful reviews and fan feedback.
What do you think of the cover art-work? Who’s done it?
JLT: I do not know who did it but I like it! It’s a great graphic!
I think you’re voice are in just as good shape as ever, how do you manage to still sound so good and keep the voice intact?
JLT: Maintain a healthy lifestyle and get plenty of sleep. I also think that doing the session work I do constantly keeps my chops up. It keeps me practicing. The voice is an instrument but you still have to keep practicing but making sure not to over-use it.
You and Jim Peterik wrote some songs to the Deep Purple album SLAVES AND MASTERS that’s unfortunately was rejected, what happened to that material?
JLT: I think Blackmore may have some of it in his archives.
You’re also appearing on the Richie Zito project’s album AVALON where you’re singing “Is He Better Than Me”, how was that and how did you end up on his album?
JLT: I knew him from the past and when asked to be a part of the project I was totally into it! These things are not always as complicated as the journalists and fans make them out to be…LOL! Sometimes an artist just gets asked, likes the song and agrees to do it. By the way, Ritchie is a great producer also!
What do you think of the outcome of Zito’s AVALON album? And do you think that you’re going to work more with Richie Zito in the future?
JLT: To be honest, I have not received my copy of the CD but I did hear the track I was on and it came out great! Sure, I would love to work with Zito again. We have no definite plans though.
Lets talk about you solo albums and career for a while now, your last solo album THE USUAL SUSPECTS came last year, when can we find the next solo album in the stores?
JLT: I am not sure when it will be out but I am working on writing for it right now. Karl Cochran and I just did a writing session earlier today as a matter of fact.
Your next solo album is going to be your 10th is there any plans on releasing anything special for the fans?
JLT: To be real honest 10 is just a number to me. I just keep making music and am glad the fans appreciate it. As for anything special just because it is my 10th, I do not have anything planned at this time. That could change now that you suggested it though LOL!
Last year you also recorded an album with the Japanese artist Akira Kajiyama, what can you tell us about that album?
JLT: It is a collaboration with a great guitarist from Japan who I have worked with on some of my solo records and gigged with in Japan. He is multi-talented and plays all the instruments on the record. I did write the lyrics, melodies and sing the tracks. It’s almost like half a solo album. I prefer that critics and fans to describe it.
Did you do any touring on the last solo album?
JLT: I played some dates in the USA and Japan but we did not launch a full scale tour.
You’re truly a living legend with 30 years in the business and with over 50 albums released, any thoughts of slowing down?
JLT: Not at all! This business keeps me feeling young and music is my life. As long as the fans still respond as positively as they have been I will forge on!
You are really popular in Japan, why is it so do you think?
JLT: Rainbow was very popular in Japan and that was the band that really launched my start as a world-renowned artist. The fans there are very loyal so they have continued to support this genre of music all along. Sure, other genres have become popular such as alternative rock, but, the Japanese fans remain steadfast and I love them for it!
Can you reveal anything on what you’re up to now? Any new album release soon maybe?
JLT: as I said I am working on writing for my next solo album.
When can we looking forward to see Joe Lynn Turner on the stages in Europe again?
JLT: I am not sure. A tour requires a lot of logistics and planning and the situation has to be right and beneficial for all parties involved.
What are the plans for the nearest future for you?
JLT: Right now…finishing the writing for my next solo CD.
Thanks a lot for taking the time talking to me, is there anything you’d like to say to the fans and readers worldwide?
JLT: Thank you for taking the time to interview me as well. Tell the fans without them I would not be inspired to keep making music and that I love them all. Thank you to your website and the fans for their gracious support!
Read the CD review of the Sunstorm here
Read the CD review of the Richie Zito Project look in the “Lets get rocked section”
Read the CD reviews of Joe Lynn Turner solo work here
Read the CD reviews of the Brazen Abbot here
More info about the band
Label
Tags: Joe Lynn Turner, SunstormPosted in 2006 | Comments (0)
<|endofexample|>
Lord.
Music
Who are your musical influences and when exactly did you find your Dark Funeral sound?< ?xml:namespace prefix = o
Well, I donâ€™t really have any musical influences except for myself and my own inner demons. I had a vision of what kind of band I wanted to do and Iâ€™m still trying to achieve that. Itâ€™s a progressing through trial, finding new tricks and turns. We have a strong foundation and you can easily recognise Dark Funeral where you hear it but weâ€™re still trying to evolve.
How do you think your sound has progressed throughout your history?
I think itâ€™s just more real now, more professionalâ€¦weâ€™ve become better musiciansâ€¦
Personally I think you got faster and fasterâ€¦
Yeah thatâ€™s true but that was one of the things that I said already in 1994. I said with Dark Funeral I donâ€™t want to be like other bands. They release 3 albums and then they go slower. We want to get faster and faster with each album. Butâ€¦.I must admit, my plan with the last record was really to do a slower record, but when we eventually stopped working on the songs we were like â€œNaa lets go faster!â€
I donâ€™t think it was a lot faster, it felt slower because there was more going onâ€¦
Yeah, but it is a lot faster. But I guess it all depends on the production. Bigger production and not that dark like the other records, but it is for sure a lot faster than anything weâ€™ve done before.
So, was your last album the most popular and successful?
I donâ€™t know. It seems like we have been growing every year. I mean, I donâ€™t know by record sales but I can see from all the touring that we are doing that weâ€™re getting bigger and better crowds every time we go out.
Why do you think this is so?
I donâ€™t know, but I think that one thing people realise is that weâ€™re a really hard working band and I think the fans appreciate a band that gives 110% all the time.
So why did Caligula change his vocal style in the last album, its not classic black metalâ€¦
No, but as a musician and as a vocalist you also want to change a little bit. I think that the vocals suited the songs and production better than if he was doing an old direction. Itâ€™s just a natural progression, try a little bit different twist on the vocals.
So what do you want people to get from your music?
To feel the living hell weâ€™re living in. Feel whatâ€™s going on inside our minds.
Is that what you get as well?
When I listen to music, when I write music and when I go on stage I feel kind of relieved. So many feelings that I put into the music, itâ€™s a sort of therapy I guess. Itâ€™s a kind of a calming thing. You write to be able to live everyday.
Who writes most of the songs? What is the songwriting process like?
Itâ€™s usually me.
Completely?
No, I always look for input from the other guys but usually its stuff I write 95%-98% of the stuff.
Both lyrics and the melody?
No the lyrics are all up to Caligula. I concentrate on the music and he does the lyrics so we get our own territories to take care of.
Band
Dominator left Aeon to join you guys, to devote himself full time to Dark Funeral. What did you say to him to convince him?
Well, I mean I canâ€™t really say anything. We needed a drummer and we just asked him if he was interested and he just said yes. He could have said no but he said yes and I havenâ€™t thought more about it than that. Of course, itâ€™s hard for them that they donâ€™t have a drummer now but I mean it was Dominatorâ€™s choice and I am glad he made that choice. He is an amazing drummer and I am glad he wanted to join.
Matte Modin, he leftâ€¦.
Whoâ€™s that?
Oh sorry, your ex-drummerâ€¦
Oh, Iâ€™ve heard about him.
Ahh, I was going to ask whether you guys made up or something, but obviously notâ€¦
He fucked us real bad, end of story basically. I donâ€™t look to the past, I look forward and heâ€™s an old chapter. Iâ€™m not pissed off at him like that. Itâ€™s not like I walk round everyday â€œShit, motherfuckerâ€ you know, heâ€™s just an old chapter, he doesnâ€™t exist anymore.
What are the personalities like in the band?
Five psychos… (laughs) In different ways.
Do you ever have any tension or any creative differences?
Of course, but we still have a core that binds us together.
Personal Philosophy
Okay, Iâ€™m going to ask you something thatâ€™s probably been asked a lot of times before. Your personal philosophy?
I usually donâ€™t talk about thatâ€¦
At all?
No, Iâ€™m bored to talk about it and I feel itâ€™s more private to me these days.
But it comes out through your music?
I think the official side of my philosophy is what I show through the band and show through my music. I just want to have something private these days.
Is it possible to enjoy Dark Funeral without subscribing to the philosophy or the lyrics that you write?
I think there is. Iâ€™ve talked to lots of people we meet when on tour and also people that donâ€™t even like metal, and for some strange reason they find Dark Funeral very good and theyâ€™re all into the music and not the lyrical side of the band. Iâ€™m cool with that, I donâ€™t really care what other people think or not think and how they get into the band or not. Iâ€™m glad the people who get into the band and enjoy it and get something out of it, Iâ€™m really cool with that. I donâ€™t dig into why too much, you know. Iâ€™m living my life in a closet, my own closet.
With the recent documentaries about Black Metal, itâ€™s almost become a bit glamorised and a bit popularized. What do you think? Is it diluting Black Metalâ€™s message as it originally was?
Well, Iâ€™m not really a fan of everything. Nowadays we get lots of requests to do documentaries and different videos, I just say no because I donâ€™t like it. Iâ€™m not a movie star, if you know what I mean. Sometimes we have to make sacrifices I guess, like now. Itâ€™s more and more seldom that I do interviews becauseâ€¦I donâ€™t know why, in a way our fans want to know whatâ€™s going on with the band and someone has to give them the news and information. I guess even if I donâ€™t want to I have to respect our fans a little bit and do it, but I really like to stay behind the curtain and do my thing. I guess itâ€™s just part of the business.
Especially when you achieve some level of successâ€¦.
Yeah, thatâ€™s what makes it harder, thatâ€™s why Iâ€™m more and more seldom doing interviews. I get too much pressure from the media and then I just donâ€™t want to do it.
Touring
Right, letâ€™s move away from all that. Why was the UK tour take so long? The album came out in 2005â€¦..
Well, we didnâ€™t have any good offers. I mean, to do a proper tour anywhere costs lots of money. If we canâ€™t get any show fees or too low show fees then we canâ€™t afford to do it. I mean, weâ€™re not making much money at all but itâ€™s still got to be some money involved so we can get here to do it. Up till now we had such bad offers, we have wanted to come over but we havenâ€™t been able to afford to until now.
Where did you feel that you were really welcomed? Where the fans made it one of the best gigs you ever did.
Well South America is really special to us. I mean, we are touring so much and these are the shows that really stick to your mind.
You were one of the first Extreme Metal bands to go to South East Asia and the Far East, Singapore etc. Would you go back?
Oh yeah.
How popular is Dark Funeral in Sweden?
I donâ€™t know. It looks like weâ€™re kind of popular. The last album was number 3 on the heavy metal chart so it seems like we have a really really big fan base in Sweden. We never play there butâ€¦..we seem to have a lot of fans.
New album
Last question, Iâ€™ll let you go now. Is there a new album, is there any material or are you still writing?
We have a little bit, the plan had been for a long time that after this tour, after the UK shows, that we have a long vacation because we have been touring a lot. Weâ€™re going to try to focus on the new album next year. We may do a couple of shows once in a while, but weâ€™re going to mainly focus on writing and recording a new record.
Do you have a deadline or anything?
No, we havenâ€™t come to that point; you know we donâ€™t really have a record deal for the next record.
Arenâ€™t you on Regain?
Yeah, but we have to do one album at a time. They are coming down to Stockholm this weekend but we are here (UK). They wanted to meet with us and discussâ€¦.I mean, thereâ€™s interests from lots of labels, Iâ€™m not worried about getting a record deal, but we havenâ€™t signed anything for a new record yet. Thatâ€™s one thing weâ€™re going to take care of after New Years. Then write and record the next album sometime next year.
All right, thatâ€™s it, I appreciate you taking the time.
Thanks to Asif at Soundshock.net for setting up the interview! Owe you one buddy!
Tags: DARK FUNERAL, Lord AhrimanPosted in 2007 | Comments (0)
<|endofexample|>
Appropriately.
Týr and Eluveitie had been swapping opening places for the tour, and tonight Týr took to the stage first. I was first exposed to the Faroe Islanders when they were on tour with Wintersun and Amon Amarth here in 2006, and I was really impressed by their novel style of metal, as well as their singing in Faroese. Unfortunately I got there late tonight, thanks to the London tube service, so I only caught the last two or three songs. They played something from the upcoming album LAND (which will be out in May – if it’s anything like their previous albums, I strongly advise you to pick it up), but I didn’t manage to get the name of the track. They closed with ‘Hail To The Hammer’.
Sheer brilliance. I would have paid money to watch just them. Musically, the Swiss band have the melodic death metal sound (a lot like In Flames or Dark Tranquillity actually, guitarwise), but with added folk instruments and a strong Celtic influence. They call it the “New Wave of Folk Metal”. When they were setting up their stuff on stage, I felt like saying, as Skwisgard said, “Grampa’s guitars!” You only have to take a look at the pictures. Weird and arcane instruments that I’ve never even heard of, let alone seen – pipes, whistles, flutes, hurdy-gurdy. When the bare-chested and heavily tattooed Sevan Kirder came out carrying a dead animal (turns out to be a Galician bagpipe), I felt I’d seen it all.
The band (all eight of them) had immense fun onstage, and the immediate irresistable energy they possessed infected the crowd at once. Their songs were immensely fun to move along to, even a “guilty feet have no rhythm” shit dancer that I am, felt the itching in the soles of my feet. Sevan was the most active of the band once he relinquished the dead animal, and that’s saying a lot – capering, gambolling about, dancing. What can I say. It really did feel like those village scenes you see in movies. The violin tickled out its merry tune (pun alert: the beautiful violinist’s name is Meri) while beside it, the hurdy-gurdy churned out whatever it is hurdy-gurdys churn out, in the capable hands of the equally beautiful Anna Murphy.
The dreadlocked and multi-instrumentalist Chrigel roared, growled, screamed, sang, played the whistles and pipes and mandola. The two guitarists, Siméon and Ivo were more reserved, but they were incited into activity by the enthusiastic bassist Rafi and the eternally irrepressible Sevan, who must have twisted himself into knots while spinning and capering about. Definitely a band to check out – their album SLANIA is out now on Nuclear Blast. The Paganfest moves on to the US and Canada after the European leg, and your money will be well spent if you check out this band alone. This motley crew of mental modern day minstrels, this troupe of troublesome troubadours – they will make your day, I promise you.
From the madcap and nutty to the serious and magnificent. Moonsorrow came here just last month with Children of Bodom, and having heard a bit more of their music since then, I was in a better position to appreciate the epicness of this band. This band doesn’t do things on a small scale. Their latest album V: HÄVITETTY consists of two tracks, one 30 minutes and the other 26 minutes in length. Their latest EP entitled TULIMYRSKY, which as my friend Luxi comments “if you can call it an EP”, is 68 minutes in length.
To be honest, I can’t remember any specific moments in their set. It was just a blur of music, a hypnotic swirl of black metal singing and tremolo riffing, with atmospheric slow passages and fast double bass blasting fury. It’s just an aural experience, where you let yourself be lost in the layers and layers of sound confronting you. Frontman Ville Sorvali introduced the last song “One more enough for you? Well, one more that’s longer than usual, OKAY? We’re Moonsorrow from the icy wastes of Finland, thank you, see you next time!” before launching into the 20 minute epic ‘Jotunheim’.
Back to silly and madcap again. I saw Korpiklaani open for Dream Evil two years back, and they weren’t totally impressive. Tonight however, they got a wild reception, and the number of crowd surfers increased noticeably when the mad Finns got going. The rollicking jigs and uptempo rhythms just got the voices singing, the blood flowing and the feet tapping. ‘Wooden Pints’ was a great opener – ‘hit them straightaway and hit them hard’ seems to be their motto! Following up with ‘Cottages and Saunas’ kept the pace going, the unforgiving humppa upbeat, backed up with the wildly flying violin got both band (Kalle especially) and crowd dancing. ‘Tuli Kokko’ slowed things down to give both a slight breather.
They played a song from their latest album KORVEN KUNINGAS, ‘Kipumylly’, for which Jonne relinquished his guitar and took a turn at the tomtoms (?) The magnificent violin intro to ‘Pellonpekko’ accompanied by the accordion (Mr Kaupinnen is the quietest of the lot, to the point of sulkiness!) was just beautiful and when the guitars and drums come in, the song transforms from just head-nodding to a groove that your whole body falls into. This has been one of my favourite Korpiklaani songs for quite some time, and hearing it played live ensured that it would be stuck in my head for another month. Another song from KORVEN KUNINGAS, ‘Paljon On Koskessa Kiviä’ was played. I’m not sure about the rocky rapids, but I do know Korpiklaani rock. How fucking poor was that joke…Never mind.
They closed with two odes to the art of drinking, the first being ‘Happy Little Boozer’. Listen to this song and tell me you don’t feel the tingle in your body. The effervescent Kalle and Jonne are just a marvel to behold, smiles plastered on faces and dancing and skipping around. When Jonne asks the crowd “What are your last orders?”, the inevitable reply must surely be “Beer Beer!”
Four awesome bands down, and the headliner still to come. Ensiferum are less overtly folk driven than the other bands tonight, but their subject matter is still Viking/pagan driven. Ensiferum share a common frontman with Norther, in guitarist and singer Petri Lindroos. He replaced Jari Mäenpää who left to concentrate on Wintersun. It’s an adulterous business after all.
The more straight-forward thrash driven metal with slight folkish elements works well for the extremely talented Petri whose guitar skills I have already commented upon in my Norther live review. The speedy galloping riffing such as on ‘Iron’, ‘Ahti’ and ‘One More Magic Potion’ gets heads banging, with the folk embellishments provided by the beautiful keyboardist (temporary, unfortunately) Emmi Silvennoinen.
There was more than a half hour wait between the end of Korpiklaani’s set and Ensiferum’s entrance, with harassed looking roadies scurrying frantically around. The first three songs suffered from poor sound, with Petri’s vocals and guitar barely audible. The band kept turning around to the sound people and motioning “Up! Up!” The crowd too responded at the end of ‘Ahti’, by chanting “Turn it up! Turn it up!” To the band’s credit, they took it in their stride and with a smile, bassist Sami Hinkka distracting the crowd with a little 12-bar blues jam.
The sound improved markedly on ‘Lai Lai Hei’, which was an immensely popular tune anyway, and the crowd could be heard singing along. The rousing ‘Guardians of Hate’ and the catchy ‘Dragonheads’ were received equally well. ‘Token of Time’ got a massive cheer because of the snippet of Iron Maiden’s ‘The Trooper’ at the end. Never discount the power of a tribute to Iron Maiden; so if you’re in a band, reading this, and doing a live show soon, drop in a bit of Iron Maiden. It never fails!
‘Victory Song’ went by in a flash, although the song itself is about 10 minutes long. This midtempo rocker is followed by the furious ‘Blood Is The Price Of Glory’, whereupon the band left the stage. The adorable Emmi tripped over her keyboard power cable, and bounded straight back up with an embarrassed smile. No damage done to either keyboard or keyboardist…‘Treacherous Gods’ and ‘Battle Song’ closed the night, with the crowd roaring “EN-SI! EN-SI!”
It was a great night overall, with value for money for five high quality and entertaining bands. If the show is coming near you, whether in Europe or USA or Canada, do make it a point to attend. I beseech you to. The adrenaline will leave you tingly for a few days, and your whole body will be aching from the headbanging, bouncing, singing, dancing etc, but I assure you that the smile on your face for the next week or so will hurt even more.
Pages: 1 2
Tags: ELUVEITIE, ENSIFERUM, KORPIKLAANI, MOONSORROW, Norther, PaganFest, Tyr, WINTERSUNPosted in 2008 | Comments (0)
<|endofexample|>
Jameson
From:
Hollywood,
CA,
United States
Last Known Status: Active
Latest Jameson News
Below is our complete Jameson
Jameson Planning West Coast Tour
Jameson Posts New Live Videos From Austin, TX
Jameson has posted two new live videos from Austin at Club Encore, including the new song "Kill The System" and "Get To Tha Choppa." Check them out below.
Kill The System (with some Mexico at the end)
Get to the Choppah
Jameson Featured On Batman Arkham Asylum Trailer
While they're not featured on the actual soundtrack, Jameson has been featured on the latest Batman Arkham Asylum video game trailer. This video reached #1 in the U.K. for "Most viewed entertainment video," as well as reaching the top 10 in most other countries around the world. In 48 hours. The day it was released and the day following, it climbed to #41 on most viewed video on all of YouTube.
Batman Arkham Asylum Video Game Trailer featuring Jameson:
Jameson Posts "Beat It" Cover For Free Download
Jameson has made their cover of Michael Jackson's "Beat It" available online for streaming and free download. Since the new MySpace player doesn't allow downloads, they band has posted the song to Soundclick.
<|endofexample|>
About Metaphilm
Serious, absurd,
sacred, profane,
simple, complex:
We absorb, filter, review, and interpret cinema
for your entertainment and enlightenment.
We strive to fulfill the creed of our
patron saint, Robert Bresson:
Make visible what without you
might perhaps never have been seen.
If you find yourself haunted or tickled
by meaning lurking beneath the surface of a film,
for god’s sake, send us a submission.
If
you just want to tell us how (dis)pleased
you are with us, hurl an e-mail in our direction.
We enjoy being nicked by your comments.
Details on
pheedback, comments,
membership, and mailing lists.
Details on submissions and writer’s guidelines.
<|endofexample|>
Hot Process Soap Making.
Metaphysical Farms offers soap making tutorials, soap recipes, a free lye calculator and recipe creation as well as homeopathy and meditation techniques to support your sustainable lifestyle
Measuring Equipment
A Scale is a must. All quality soap making formulas depend on the weight of the ingredients and not the volume. I use a $9 postal scale. A measuring cup for the liquid you are going to use. You could measure the water by weight as water has a 1:1 ratio of weight to volume (English and metric). A good set of measuring spoons is always good to have handy for fragrances and/or colors. You will also need a thermometer to check the temperature of the oils and lye solution before mixing them together.
Containers
You'll need 2 containers that are heat safe and lye safe. I use two heat safe Pyrex glass jars. Glass is great for lye if and only if it is heat safe. When you mix the lye with water it will heat the water up very quickly to 212°+F/100°+C and will cause glass to crack and you will have a strong lye solution all over. Other containers you could consider would include cast iron, steel, ceramic, etc. Never use aluminum! Lye will eat right through it. You'll also want to have 2 cups (plastic is fine here) to use to hold your oils and lye as you measure them on the scale. Make sure you label these for soap making only. You don't want to cook with any of these no matter how much you clean them.
Mixing Equipment
Most places suggest a wooden spoon. Really any spoon that is lye safe and heat safe will work. The problem with wooden spoons is after a while they will start to dissolve because of the lye. I would also suggest you invest in a stick blender. This will make the process of mixing your soap 100 times easier.
Ingredients
There are many things you can add to your soap (I've even seen formulas that call for ketsup). The basic things you will need are water, lye, and oil.
Oil (lipid): The type of oil you choose will make major differences in the type of soap you get. Each oil has its own properties that it adds to the soap. You can check out the sap table on this site for a list of oils and the properties they have. The table shows the iodine value (the lower the number the harder the bar), type of lather, conditioning, and a general hard/soft bar designation.
Lye: There are two types of "lye" that can be used for soap making; sodium hydroxide (NaOH) or potassium hydroxide (KOH). Sodium hydroxide is often used in making 'bar' soaps and potassium hydroxide is often used to make liquid soaps. Both are not readily available anymore. The first place to check is a local hardware store or backing supply store (Lye was/is often used in making soft pretzels a golden brown outside but leaving the inside soft). If you cannot find it locally, your only other option is to call scientific supply stores or search the Internet. You will notice, though, that if you buy more than 2lbs of lye you will be slapped with a $50 shipping charge because of the caustic nature of lye.
Water: A clean bar of soap starts with clean water. I recommend starting with distilled water. You can steep teas in the water to add a variety of properties to your finished soap. You can also replace the water with a variety of different milks. If you are using anything besides distilled water, I would suggest making a small batch of soap to see how it turns out.
Soap Mould
After you have made your soap you need somewhere to put it as it cures. A plastic lined desk drawer works just as well as any fancy mould you can buy. This is another place in soap making where creativity is the limit.
Quick Reference
- Safety Goggles
- Safety Gloves
- Scale
- Measuring Cup
- Thermometer
- 2 dishwasher safe jars/buckets/pots (not aluminum)
- A large mixing spoon (wooden)
- Lye
- A variety of oils
- distilled water
- Soap Mould (mold)
Making the SoapNow that you have all of your equipment you are ready to make some soap! Setup your work area so that you won't be disturbed. Open a few windows if you are inside. Line your moulds with wax-paper or plastic and set them aside. I like to set the oils and oil jar I will be using on my left, scale in the middle, lye and lye jar on my right. I also put a few sheets of wax paper under the scale in case of small spills. Measure your oils and keep a record of the weight of each oil. After you have combined all of your oils in your oil container you will need to figure out the amount of lye and liquid you need.
The liquid is easy. Just multiply the total weight of the oil by 28%-40% (.28 - .40). The more liquid you use the longer it will take for the bar to harden. I usually use 30%-33% (.30 - .33). Next you need to figure out the amount of lye. You can do this by hand using the sap table. Take the amount of each oil and multiply it by the SAP # then add the products together to get the total amount of lye. I also have a lye and liquid calculator you can use if you don't want to do the calculations by hand. The calculator will also give you the amount of lye to use when superfatting your soap (superfatting or leaving some oil in the soap is recommended @ 4-5% to allow for a moisturizing soap that is not harsh on the skin). Put on your safety goggles and gloves (if they are not already on) and measure out the liquid you need. Put it into the empty lye container. Open the lye and measure the amount on the scale that you calculated. Close the lye. Start mixing the liquid and slowly pour the lye into the liquid. Keep stirring until the lye is completely dissolved. The mixture will heat up (and may start to boil). It will also start to release fumes. Lid the container and set it aside to cool.
As the lye solution is cooling you will want to heat up your oils. You want to oil and the lye to be very near the same temperature. The temperature you are shooting for is 100%°-120°F/38°-49°C. A double boiler works great for heating the oils or if the container will fit (and is safe) the microwave at 15-30 second bursts.
Once your lye solution and oils are at or near the same temperature begin stirring the oils then pour the lye solution into the oils while you are stirring. What will happen now is the lye will begin to break the chemical bonds in the oils and create essentially a salt. This is called saponification. While the oils is saponifying you are looking for it to trace (thicken). If you are stirring by hand it can take anywhere from 15-45min to trace depending on the oils you used. You can speed this process up by using a stick blender. If you use a stick blender be cautious of bubbles in your trace. You'll want to mix until you reach a custard type consistency.
The Hot Process and Cooking the SoapOnce the soap reaches a full trace, it's time to cook the mixture and force the gel. You will want to put the soap into a crock pot (you could even start the oils out in the pot to heat them up) Put the lid on the crock pot and leave it to cook on low for awhile. The soap will heat up and start to bubble around the edges of the crock pot. Keep an eye on the soap and stir it down gently only if it starts to bubble over. The mix will begin to take on a clear vaseline like look. Once the whole mix has this look, you can test it to see if it is done. Take a small sample of the soap and rub it between your fingers. It should have a waxy feel. Test the soap by touching it to your tongue. Keep cooking....if it 'zaps' like a nine volt battery, it's not done.
AdditivesAt this point you can add fragrances, extra oils, colors, exfoliants, etc. Once your additives, if any, have been incorporated pour your mixture into the mould(s) you have. Hot process soap is a lot like rebatching when it comes to molding. It doesn't pour. It is a thick goopy mass (like mashed potatoes) that must be scooped into the mold quickly. Make sure to tap the mold on the counter to get out any air pockets.
Once your soap has reached room temperature remove the mixture from the mould. If you are using a large mould that requires cutting the bars, now is the time to do it. After cutting the bars allow the soap to further cure and harden in a well ventilated area. You may even need to turn them a few times to be sure all sides are exposed to the air. It can take up to six weeks for a bar to be completely finished saponifying. The longer the cure time, the milder the soap will be.
See, that was easy and fun!
<|endofexample|>
MUSIC REVIEWS
movie reviews
home | north bay bohemian index | news | north bay | news article
An extra $454,481 goes missing from Petaluma's Theatre District development
By Peter Byrne
Last conflict of interest: The owner of North Bay Construction, John Barella, is the largest single investor in Basin Street. In a court filing, Barella admitted this year that he and Basin Street are "considered the same."
Public records show that within just a few months, Theatre District construction costs soared 150 percent over budget—sucking up $5 million that had been slated for fixing potholes and sewers and improving Petaluma's.
In August 2003, the Petaluma City Council voted that the proposed Theatre District project would pose no environmental problems. This resolution defied substantial evidence that the construction site had been heavily polluted by gasoline and diesel fuel hydrocarbons for decades. Additionally, the city's environmental consultant had warned the city that underground construction would likely require "special handling of soil and groundwater."
In January 2006, the city council amended the $7.5 million development agreement with Basin Street and pumped another $4.8 million into the downtown project. The huge increase covered remediation of what city manager Mike Bierman said were "unforeseen" "to cover costs of contaminated and hazardous materials encountered on the infrastructure project whose source resided on Basin Street owned property." Bay—although the nature of this work was unspecified.
On October 10, 2006, Marengo told Bierman that the city needed "confirmation of Basin Street's total payments to North Bay in the form of copies of canceled check(s) with a confirming statement from Basin Street that these canceled check(s) represent the $454,481 owed to [the city] by BSP." Marengo also wrote to Basin Street's general counsel, Paul Andronico, requesting copies of canceled checks made out to North Bay worth $454,481 and a "confirming transmittal letter."
In a recent interview with the Bohemian, Andronico said that Basin Street made a "voluntary contribution" to compensate the city for the disallowed remediation work, and claimed that the $454,481 was applied by Basin Street as a credit to the city". Andronico said he does not know why the city has no documented confirmation that Basin Street ever made the required payment to North Bay; nor could he himself provide proof of payment. Nor could he specify what work was performed by North Bay to satisfy the credit due to Petaluma.
Normally, a developer working for the city is required to provide, before being paid, a "certified payroll" and other documentation that details the progress of each week's work, including payments to laborers and subcontractors. Danly said that neither the city nor Basin Street can locate a certified payroll identifiable as work performed for the $454,481 in question. Nor can city officials find invoices attesting that the additional North Bay work was ever performed. Danly could not locate the required copy of a canceled check, nor a transmittal letter confirming payment to North Bay of the credited amount.[see .pdf] Danly said the city's accounting books "appear to confirm said payment was made" but he offered no proof that it was made.
When the Bohemian requested copies of Basin Street and North Bay construction invoices from the city, Danly replied, "Staff conducted a diligent search but was unable to locate the actual invoices." find. We have offered to make these records available should the city wish to revisit the Theatre District fiasco and recover funds from Basin Street Properties and North Bay Construction. (Danly, who negotiated the project agreements, and was paid $89,000 from the Theatre District budget, says he will accept the disks.)
The final audit reconciliation for the Theatre District project records $704,000 in "Developer Contributions." This includes the aforementioned check from Basin Street for $250,000, and $454,000 that is variously coded in the city's accounting system as "in-kind" and "donation."
[see .pdf] Unlike other line items in these financial records, the nature of the "donation" is not explained. In fact, it repeatedly moves in and out of the city's.
<|endofexample|>
On the Budgets/contracts screen (original), all the budgets/contracts are showing as fully invoiced whether they have been fully invoiced or not.
Occasionaly, right after I enter a time tracking event a budget will show as not fully invoiced, but as soon as I select another budget it goes back to fully invoiced.
I'm not sure if it is because of this, but I am not able to invoice any of the budgets either.
Matt, I have not been able to replicate this yet. Let me do some more testing before I get back to you.
Hey Val,
Having the QB account open and synced seems to be a part of the issue.
I had a few that were not showing as fully invoiced until I opened QB, then they were.
I just closed QB and created a new budget and now it is not showing as fully invoiced, though the others still are.
Hope that helps you duplicate the issue.
Val,
Have you had any luck duplicating this issue? If not I'd be happy to let you remotely log in so I can show you what is going on. I have customers eargly awaiting their invoice from me... ok, maybe they don't mind if I don't invoice them, but I would kinda like to get paid
Hi Matt and Val,
I can see the issue Matt describes on newly created hourly and hourly not to exceed budgets, they both show as fully invoiced right after creation. I notice the Ordered Quantity on the resulting sales order is zero, NOT the number of hours entered into Budgeted Qty on the Add/Edit Budget Details screen. Also, looking at the sales order in QB, it is stamped "Invoiced in Full" and the line is checked as closed.
I believe this is why Fully Invoiced? shows as Yes on these Budget/Contracts, and if the charge type is changed to Fixed, Fully Invoiced? changes to NO.
I would think that the budgeted amount would be the sales order quantity, then actual hours billed reduce that quantity to zero.
Just my 2 cents on the subject, looking forward to your feedback.
Regards,Michael
Hi Matt and Michael,
I’m able to duplicate this and have an idea why it could be happening. Give me some time to look into this. Thanks guys.
Matt and Michael,
When you create a Budget/Contract for Hourly or Hour Not to Exceed the charge quantity (Ordered column in QB) starts off with a value of zero. This explains the Full Invoiced and you can test the same directly in QB.
Fully Invoiced is removed when adding approved, billable time and re-saving the Budget/Contract. This is built-in when converting to invoice. Keep in mind that if the sync engine is running changes only or full sync at the same moment, your Budget / Contract save will be at the end of the current queue and may not immediately receive the updates back from QB.
Thanks for the update, it sounds like the key here is that QB needs to be open and the sync engine running for Pro Services to perform as expected. Is that an accurate evaluation?
Matt – yes, that is accurate. It can still function but when you get to invoicing QB really needs to be up and running for Pro Services.
<|endofexample|>
Watch a video to find out.
Stay logged in
Go to Navigation
Go to Content
Go to Search
Search the collections
Please enable flash to view this media. Download the flash player.
Please enable flash to view this media.
Download the flash player.
Program information
Discover the secret compartments of this writing table and see how it can be transformed into a private altar.
Perhaps the most exquisite and technically refined piece from German cabinetmaker Abraham Roentgen (1711–1793), this desk was made for his premier patron, the Catholic official Johann Philipp von Walderdorff. Its interior holds a multitude of drawers, panels, and compartments, in addition to sophisticated mechanical fittings that safeguard the elector’s privacy.
This writing table from the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam, is featured in the exhibition Extravagant Inventions: The Princely Furniture of the Roentgens (on view October 30, 2012–January 27, 2013). Learn more about the table:.
Tankard with cover
Tankard
Browse current and upcoming exhibitions and events.
Exhibitions:
Events:
This artwork is currently on display in Gallery 510
Inscription: 1) Above cartouche of plague scene; (Left of arms):
Ex Dono E: BG: Militis/ Irenarchae Seduli, Intergerimi; /quem/ post Egregiam in fugandâ peste praestitam operam/ Carolus Secundus Semper Augustus/ Assensu Procerum a Secretis Conciliis/ In Perpetuam tantae pietatis memoriam/ Agenteo donavit Oenophoro, et vere Regio/ Hoc Ampliore modo insignito/ (Given by E.B.G. gentleman (Edmund Berry Godfrey) a careful and trustworthy Justice of the Peace. His Majesty Charles II gave him a silver flagon with the assent of his Privy Council in perpetual recognition of his faithfulness to duty and the outstanding and practical measures he took to mitigate the plague)
2) Below cartouche (Left of arms):
Gratia Dei et Regis Caroli Secundi/ pestis sibi salus/ E: BG: 1665 (By the Grace of God and King Charles II. What was a plague to others, to him was wealth. E.B.G. 1665)
3) Above cartouche of fire of London scene; (right of arms):
vir revera Reipublicae Natus,/ Cum urbem Imanis vastabat Ignis,/ Dei Providentiâ et virtute suâ/ Flamarum Medio, Tutus, et Illustris/
4) Below cartouche; (right of arms):
Deinde Cogente Rege/ (At Merito) Emicuit Eques Auratus/ E: BG: 7bris 1666/ Caetera Loquentur Pauperes et Trivia.Marking: [1] IN, (or NI) pellet between, mullet below in heart-shaped punch.
[2] Leopard's head crowned;
[3] Lion passant guardant;
[4] S, date letter for London 1675-76;
Location of marks:
[1]-[4] across top of lid and under lip to right of handle
[1] on the handle
J. Pierpont Morgan ; J. P. Morgan Jr. ; Mrs. Henry S. Morgan (until 1986; to MMA)
<|endofexample|>
Watch a video to find out.
Stay logged in
Go to Navigation
Go to Content
Go to Search
Search the collections
Fullscreen
Cuneiform tablet case impressed with four cylinder seals
Cuneiform tablet case impressed with cylinder seal, for cuneiform tablets 1983.135.4a, b: private letter
Cuneiform tablet case impressed with three cylinder seals: loan of silver
Cuneiform tablet case impressed with cylinder seal in Anatolian style
Cuneiform tablet case impressed with cylinder seal, for cuneiform tablet 1983.135.6a: private letter
Browse current and upcoming exhibitions and events.
Exhibitions:
Events:
This artwork is currently on display in Gallery 403 tell about bandits and other misfortunes.The tablet contained in this case (MMA.
Acquired by the Museum in 1966, gift of Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Klejman, New York.
"Beyond Babylon: Art, Trade, and Diplomacy in the Second Millennium B.C." The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, November 17, 2008–March 15, 2009.
Harper, Prudence O. et al. 1984. "Ancient Near Eastern Art." The Metropolitan Museum of Art Bulletin 41 (4), Spring 1984, p. 53, fig. 73.Spar, Ira, ed. 1988. Cuneiform Texts in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Volume I: Tablets, Cones, and Bricks of the Third and Second Millennia B.C. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, no. 84b, pl. 85, Seals 31, 32, pls. 85, 129, 147.
Van De Mieroop, Marc. 2007. A History of the Ancient Near East ca. 3000-323 BC. Oxford: Blackwell Publishing, pp. 95-96, fig. 5.1.
<|endofexample|>
.
Family Program at The Cloisters
Saturday, May 18, 1:00–2:00 p.m.
Guided Tour at The Cloisters
Saturday, May 18, 1:15–2:15 p.m.
Saturday, May 18, 1:30–2:30 p.m.
Saturday, May 18, 1:45–2:45 p.m.
Teen Program
Saturday, May 18, 2:00–5:00 p.m.
Free, but registration is requested
Saturday, May 18, 2:00–3:00 p.m.
Saturday, May 18, 2:15–3:15 p.m.
Saturday, May 18, 2:30–3:30 p.m. Studio
Sunday, May 19, 1:00–3:00 p.m.
Sunday, May 19, 1:30–2:30 p.m.
Sunday, May 19, 1:45–2:45 p.m.
Sunday, May 19, 2:00–3:00 p.m.
Sunday, May 19, 2:00–3:30 p.m.:15–11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, May 21, 10:30–11:30 a.m.
Tuesday, May 21, 10:30–11:00 a.m.
Free; Museum admission not required
<|endofexample|>
Research collaboration will be essential for delivering the predictive capability that the Met Office will require in the coming decade.
We have built a network of academic and research relationships with centres of excellence, by combining skills, capabilities, and aligning research and development programmes.
The Met Office Academic Partnership is a cluster of research excellence that brings together the Met Office with some leading UK Universities in weather and climate science.
<|endofexample|>
Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português
Milan and the surrounding countryside, early 18th century.—which would grant him ambition for the throne.
Bertarido arrives at the stables, where Unulfo has left a soldier’s uniform for his disguise. He finds in the cemetery a memorial built for him III.
© 2013 The Metropolitan Opera
<|endofexample|>
Tattoo or Not To
and Other Piercing Questions
“Not if you want to live in this house!”
“But it’s my body!”
This dialog from Danielle Loftus’ memory reflects common adolescent-parent skirmishes over control. These days that tug-of-war has moved from clothes and hair to tattoos and body piercings.
Loftus, 22, resides in West Philly, works at a preschool and caters. She obtained a belly button ring at age 16. For her 18th birthday, this “straight-A kind of kid” got a tattoo on her lower back. It’s a star with wings, partly designed by a friend.
She likes tattoos because “I’m intrigued by them. It’s interesting to have stuff you want on yourself forever. They show style, personality. I don’t like plain, boring.”
A Cultural Norm
A glossy catalog from Macy’s this March featured a male model, a large tattoo across his upper chest and shoulder, in three different scenes. Up to 35 percent of American youth aged 11-25 have “body art,” according to several scientific studies cited by Lisa Tuchman, MD, a pediatrician specializing in adolescent medicine at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia.
“It’s such a cultural norm,” she says, referring to thousands of years of history in which many cultures have engaged in tattooing and body piercing. “You’d be surprised at who gets tattoos,” notes Terry Manning, owner and chief tattoo artist of Wildcard Studios in Wilmington, DE. “Forty percent of my tattoos are for lawyers, doctors, even kindergarten teachers.”
On the other hand, as our grandmothers lectured, “Just because everybody else is doing something, doesn’t mean we should do it too!” Even Manning — who got his first tattoo at age 16 — doesn’t work on minors. Asked what he’d say to his own children if they wanted tattoos, he raises his voice, “No way! Not permanent stuff like that!”
What’s the Appeal?
“You have such a pretty face. Why do that?” Margit Myers’ grandmother challenged her desire since the age of 15 for a septum ring. Myers patiently waited until she was 18, when she could get the piercing legally without permission. At 25, Myers coordinates education programs for Pennsylvania Service-Learning Alliance in Philadelphia and says when she’s 65, she’ll still love her dainty silver ring and enjoy showing it off to her grandchildren. “It’s fun. It’s a form of decoration, like clothes and other jewelry.” Myers says she has a retainer to hide the ring when circumstances warrant.
Dave Miller, 24, is an Arizona State University graduate living in Philadelphia, working for an events booking company. He, like his friend Loftus, is “straight edge,” meaning they abstain from drugs, alcohol and tobacco. He designed some of his tattoos himself as playful reminders of that personal commitment.
An employee of Philadelphia Eddie’s 621, Nick Sloan recalls getting his first tattoo six days after his grandfather passed away. “I was 17, so my parents had to sign for me in Delaware County. I picked a funny old German cartoon, and they agreed that was a great way to remember him.”
Parent-Kid Dialogue
Body art is usually just a social or cosmetic statement, Tuchman notes. Parents should “Keep open lines of communication, and start the dialogue with kids early: who they are, who they’re becoming, what they believe in. Explore why they want what they want, and what meaning it has for them. Get a better understanding of them and their motivations. ”
Young people go through different developmental stages, with different abilities to plan and think abstractly about consequences, Tuchman emphasizes. Middle adolescent years carry particular risks of impulsivity, self-identity and group pressures.
Tuchman says to “recognize and support teens’ enthusiasm to express social views” but to also suggest other ways they can express their perspective and find their place in the world. These can include forms of expression with few permanent consequences, such as attending a rally, writing a letter to Congress or involvement in community activities.
Myers believes that females with tattoos risk being stereotyped as looser, tougher and spunkier than their non-tattooed counterparts. She senses that older generations associate body art with “hooligans and rowdiness.”
The Downside
Among serious health concerns raised by experts are blood-borne diseases such as HIV and hepatitis caused by unsanitary needles, and the possibility of infection developing at the wound. A small number of young adults are drawn to body piercings and tattoos because of what some repeat customers call “pain addiction.”
Philadelphia Eddie’s co-owner Troy Timpel says artists should be clean, gloved, have appropriate sterilizing and waste disposal procedures, avoid cross-contamination, and rely on single-use, sterile equipment packages that they open in front of the client.
Tattoo dyes are not approved by the FDA for injection into the skin, and many contain metals such as aluminum and mercury. Timpel refers families to safety guidelines published by the Alliance of Professional Tattooists. He also recommends looking carefully at the artist’s portfolio before making any decision.
He cautions clients about the placement of tattoos as well. “I suggest younger people stay away from their hand and necks — any place they can’t cover up, that might have an effect on their future career possibilities.”
One young woman interviewed for this article says she regrets a tattoo on her upper arm because it shows when she dresses for formal occasions and when she wears sundresses. Experts also steer clients against tattooing the name of a girl- or boyfriend or a favorite band. Think: permanent.
Serious tattoos can require serious financial investments as well. Manning charges about $150 per hour, and one tattoo can require five lengthy appointments in one month. Sloan says a quality leg tattoo could cost $7,000. He warns, “Don’t rush into it. Don’t get it done at somebody’s house. It’s like buying a car, or a shirt you can’t take off. Make sure you know what you’re doing.”
Ann L. Rappoport, PhD is an educational consultant and contributing writer to MetroKids.
<|endofexample|>
Watch: Demi Lovato – Give Your Heart A Break… Read on »
<|endofexample|>
The red light shines in back of me
And I'm tired of satans company
And it's bed time for the troubled sea
That's been raging and pouring out of me
Well, I found them beneath the marble stairs An they asked me if anyone who cares Would join them for lunch with brandied pears Bring Tracy we have her missing tears Chasing Tracy is all I do Tracy's rotten
All the way through captain killjoy Said that it was true two lovers lost And searching for sat naked on the casino floor Be brave boy show your broken wings but don't Listen it hurts when Tracy sings
Chasing Tracy is all I do Tracy's rotten All the way through captain killjoy Said that it was true don't know what to do Well I waited beneath the giving tree
And wondered if it would set me free rest Gentle beneath the emerald sea theres Tracy Cool hands of mercury chasing Tracy is all I do Tracy's rotten all the way Through captain killjoy said that it was True don't know what to do
Official Artist-Approved Licensed
Lyrics from Gracenote
Lyrics Terms of Use
Tell Us What These Lyrics Mean To You...
<|endofexample|>
MPC is pleased to announce our appointment to the special advisory group to study the feasibility of 220-mph passenger rail service between Chicago, Urbana-Champaign and beyond. This study will accompany ongoing construction of a 110-mph high speed rail network connecting Chicago to 40+ cities throughout the Midwest.High speed rail advocates have maintained that trains must move at 220-mph in order to be dubbed “high speed” rail. The 110-mph rail network between Chicago and St. Louis currently being constructed would be an economic boon for Chicago, bringing in 80,000 new tourists and an estimated $630 million increase in tourism-related spending within 10 years. 110-mph high speed rail would provide a comparable alternative for travelers looking to avoid costly fill-ups at the gas pump. 220-mph high speed rail would get you there in half the time, but is it worth it? Which routes should be 220, 110 or more traditional 79 mph regional rail? These are the questions we’ll be asking on the advisory group..” Governor Quinn announced this initiative on June 2nd.The special advisory group will partner with the University of Illinois and the Illinois Department of Transportation to determine the potential costs and benefits of establishing 220-mph service between O’Hare International Airport, downtown Chicago, McCormick Place, and Champaign-Urbana. The study will also consider extending the corridor to cities south of Champaign-Urbana, including St. Louis and Indianapolis. In addition to offering corridor location recommendations, the study will offer estimated ridership projections, economic impacts, construction costs and financing options.The study, funded by a $1.25 million contribution from the Illinois Jobs Now! capital program, is expected to be completed in late 2012.The members of the special advisory group include:State Senator Martin Sandoval (D-Chicago)State Representative Elaine Nekritz (D-Northbrook) Rick Harnish, Midwest High Speed Rail AssociationKevin Brubaker, Environmental Law & Policy CenterJoan Murphy, Cook County Commissioner (6th)Bob Guy, United Transportation UnionJ.D. Ross, Regional Transportation Authority Board of DirectorsMarySue Barrett, Metropolitan Planning CouncilJack Guthman, Shefsky & Froelich Ltd
High Speed Rail, Illinois Department of Transportation, job creation, Midwest High Speed Rail, rail, Regional Transportation Authority, tourism benefits
<|endofexample|>
Drape-Style Slack Hangers - 14" - ChromeBox of 100
SPS15
Deluxe "S" style slack hangers are a neat and elegant alternative for slacks and pants.
Diaper Pin RodsBox of 100
DP14
These steel plated rods are primarily used by salesmen for hangers containing loop hooks to keep garments together.<<
<|endofexample|>
In the past, certified EQ-i practitioners looking to add emotional intelligence to their coaching repertoire sometimes spent hundreds of billable hours developing sales materials, making the case for emotional intelligence training, and inventing successful coaching exercises. Now, thanks to Dr. Ackley's experience, creating a complete, customized coaching program is just a click away. This model program for EQ skill development provides a step-by-step approach to integrating the fifteen factors of emotional intelligence with executive coaching. It provides comprehensive tools for:
The EQ Leader Program comes with a CD that provides checklists, outlines, PowerPoint slides, handouts, and more, all in a format that can be edited to fit your style and approach. The 330-page manual and accompanying media contain:
Consultants using the program will improve their client's bottom line and add value to the organization through reliable methods for talent development, aligning leadership skills with company targets, and developing methods to improve marginal performers. This versatile program has been used by coaches around the world. Client organizations include Fortune 500 companies, major U.S. government agencies, healthcare systems, law enforcement, professional practices, and individual executive coaching clients.
“The EQ Leader package is the best value-adding component you can add to your consulting and training repertoire. Emotional intelligence is one of the single biggest contributors to leadership success (or the lack thereof), and the combination of the EQ-i instrument and the EQ Leader Program is by far the best set of tools for the consultant/trainer to use helping coach others to develop their EQ. The combination of robust psychometrics and thoughtful consultation is simply without peer.”
Marc T. Frankel, Ph.D. Triangle Associates “I read Dana Ackley’s The EQ Leader Program cover to cover and have found it a rich resource of extremely practical material on emotional intelligence development for coaching, training, and consulting. One of the most helpful resources included in the manual are the ‘Strategies for Building EQ’ exercise handouts. My executive coaching clients love the brief explanation of the EQ competency that they have chosen to develop, and the clearly explained exercises that they can easily incorporate into an action plan. I teach for the College of Executive Coaching and am a member of numerous professional associations. If I were asked by my colleagues for one EQ resource, Dr. Ackley’s EQ Leader Program would be my highest recommendation.”
Maynard Brusman, Ph.D. Consulting Psychologist and Executive Coach Founder, Working Resources
“The comprehensive nature of the CD and toolkit is very helpful for putting together presentations and handout packets with less effort on my part to create from scratch. Rather, I can focus on customization for clients.”
Joanne Schultz, MS, CCC-SLP, CCM Principal, Joanne M. Schultz Consulting, Training & Coaching Services
QUICK FACTSAdministration Consultant- and coach-led seminars, executive coachingAdministration Time VariableQualification Level B (North America Only)Formats Leadership development, coaching programKey Areas Addressed Leadership development through emotional intelligence
<|endofexample|>
Mercer Island Council sends Tent City rules back for final changes
By ELIZABETH CELMS
Mercer Island Reporter Contributor
January 26, 2010 · Updated 2:18 PM
Last Tuesday’s City Council meeting was a long one.
At the top of the agenda: the much-disputed and long-awaited Temporary Encampment Ordinance, which dictates the legalities behind any temporary encampment — including Tent City 4, the roving homeless camp put on by the nonprofit organization SHARE/WHEEL which spent three months on Mercer Island in 2008 — planning to reside within city boundaries.
In addition to dozens of Island citizens, several residents of Tent City 4, currently being hosted by the First United Methodist Church in Bellevue, attended the packed Jan. 19 meeting.
Most of those who spoke were concerned with “overly restrictive” and “constitutionally questionable” stipulations in the ordinance, which was up for its first reading before Councilmembers. Such issues included: questions on warrant and sex offender checks by Mercer Island police; the requirement for all residents to provide government-issued identification; provisions on when residents may return to past sites in the Island; and the requirement that an application for residency must be submitted at least 90 days before moving in, among others.
“We have serious concerns with the ordinance,” said current Tent City 4 resident Bruce Thomas, citing the provision that “the city shall not grant a permit for a temporary encampment that is proposed to commence on a lot or lots within one-half mile of any lot(s) that contained a temporary encampment within the last 18 months.”
“You can’t do that,” Thomas said. “You can’t limit a church’s right to practice religion just because it’s close to another church.”
Citing the provision that “an application must be submitted at least 90 days prior to opening a temporary encampment,” Tent City 4 resident, who goes by the name Shy, argued that 90 days was an unreasonable amount of time.
“This seems a bit far in advance. It only takes 10 days to get the application done,” he said.
Others protested the fact that youth under age 18 are prohibited from spending the night at the site.
“Under extenuating circumstances, if mom or dad comes in with a child for shelter; we’d like to have them stay,” said Tent City 4 resident Jack Ackson.
Indeed, the Council felt that the residents’ concerns were legitimate. However, when developing the ordinance, city staff was asked to place a high priority on safety and security — reflecting Island residents’ main concern with the homeless camp.
“We feel that we’ve balanced [a church’s] constitutional right to freedom of expression with the public’s concern for safety,” said Adam Cooper, chair of the Tent City 4 planning commission. “Two large concerns were: one, Tent City resident identification. We agreed with public input that government-issued ID is not too onerous a form to conduct. The second concern is that [temporary encampments] could not return within 12 months to a site within one mile. We changed this to 18 months and a site within one-half of a mile so that churches next door to each other can host Tent City after one another.”
After hearing from Island residents — half of whom expressed support for Tent City 4, while the rest explained individual concerns regarding neighborhood disturbance and safety — and Tent City members, the City Council began thoroughly questioning the stipulations set forth in the draft ordinance.
“I was glad to hear someone bring the 90-day issue up. I think we can work with the number of days here,” said Councilmember Mike Grady. “And the random warrant and sex offender checks — this is a slippery slope that warrants more legal analysis. I’m not at all comfortable with that.”
Grady inquired about the requirement that “an applicant conduct an informal public meeting to inform citizens about a proposed temporary encampment.”
“Who facilitates this meeting and what role does the public have in this meeting?” He asked.
Councilmember Steve Litzow added to Grady’s comment.
“A very big issue with the last Tent City was that the public meetings were very chaotic, so I’d like more stringency on this,” he said.
After nearly three hours, Councilmembers voted to send the document back to city staff so that they may loosen several of the stipulations brought up during the Council meeting. Staff will return to the City Council with the edited draft ordinance on Feb. 1, when it will receive a second reading.
A full copy of the Temporary Encampments Ordinance can be downloaded from the City Council’s Jan. 19 agenda, available on the city Web site:. For a history of Tent City 4 on Mercer Island, visit the Reporter’s archive.
<|endofexample|>
Appelman for City Council
October 6, 2009 · 1:56 PM
Ira Appelman stood out at the City Council debate last evening at Aljoya House because of his dedication to average Islanders’ interests. He has attended all Council meetings for 12 years! He noted that common people and their concerns were often neglected and major controversial decisions were made by the Council without offering Islandwide referenda, which Ira has repeatedly recommended. Ira’s opponent [Dan Grausz] confirmed this elitist attitude when he stated that a 7 to 0 vote by the Council showed widespread Island support. Ira then pointed out the 7 to 0 vote on relocating the firehouse to Mercerdale Park. There actually was a referendum and it showed massive opposition to ruining the park with the fire station, so the Council’s plan was scrapped.
Ira told of how he has, for years, given free help to Islanders who want something done by the Council. He has helped them to learn about Council procedures so they wouldn’t get brushed off. Do you feel that things we don’t want keep coming at us out of the blue? Things like butchering the Island Crest/Merrimount intersection and the city’s decision to put us all on a ‘road diet’ with $500,000 of unnecessary shrinking of Island Crest Way to two lanes and a turn lane? If so, Ira Appelman should get your vote for City Council.
David W. John, M.
<|endofexample|>
Make your plans with our Weekend Concierge email
sent to your inbox every Wednesday.
From Miami nightclubs to bars, live music to DJ sets, and even cocktail recipes and the latest local Miami celebrity gossip, Miami.com provides complete party coverage of Miami nightlife, spanning Miami Beach, Brickell, Coconut Grove and the surrounding Miami and South Florida distinct club night scene.
So before you make plans on where to go and what to do on a weekend night, make sure to check our Nightlife channel form some ideas on what's going to be hot on a Friday night or grooving on the Weekend. The mega clubs like LIV, Mansion, SET Miami, Louis, Mokai, and Wall, along with lounges like Florida Room all have events taking place, and we will help pick the top ones for you. Or head downtown and to Brickell and enjoy a more indie scene with some serious live music and plenty of drink specials. From free downtown Miami outdoor concerts to bottle service VIP at South Beach nightclubs and even some great Miami bars with drink specials and happy hours, you can find almost any type of nocturnal fun.
<|endofexample|>
Make your plans with our Weekend Concierge email
sent to your inbox every Wednesday.
Visit the Miami.com hotels page to find hotel deals in Miami for luxury hotels to cheap hotels to spots to stay along South Beach. Cruise through our directory of South Florida area hotels, complete with hotel reviews and special reservation offers. Maybe you are staying north of Miami Beach, and want to take advantage of the deals in Fort Lauderdale, or you've decided to tryout one of the newer high-rise hotels in downtown Miami, or maybe you have decided to get away from it all and stay in the Florida Keys, we have reviews, guides, and information on discounts in those areas. And anymore, hotels aren't just for falling asleep or a place to stash your luggage. They have become quite the destination for locals looking for chic place to hang out. So make sure to check out our guides on Hotel Bars, Hotel Penthouse Suites, and Hip Hotels.
<|endofexample|>
($237 million) investment from Spanish wind-turbine maker Gamesa Corp Tecnologica SA. The local governments plan to lay the foundations for a concentration of skills and investment servicing North Sea wind parks just as Aberdeen transformed its economy with the oil industry.“The U.K. should be the dominant world market for offshore wind by 2020,” said Ronan O’Regan, director of energy and utilities at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in London. Ports that secure the industry’s investment will...
Read the Full Article
<|endofexample|>
THIRD BASE - MATT CARPENTER, ST. LOUIS: Carpenter played more than 20 games at first base, third base and the outfield last year, and now he's in the mix for major playing time at second base, too.
The versatility is a great quality for two reasons: He will give fantasy owners flexibility in their lineups, and he will earn more playing time with the Cardinals. If St. Louis has any injuries at first, second, third or the corner outfield, Carpenter could essentially become a regular.
Even without regular playing time, Carpenter should produce decent numbers. He drove in 46 runs in 296 at-bats last season.
OUTFIELD - JUAN PIERRE, MIAMI: Pierre isn't an exciting draft pick anymore. Now 35 years old, he's probably never going to steal 60-plus bases again. He's also never hit more than three home runs in a season.
Still, for the minimal investment it would likely require, Pierre would be a productive player to draft. In 394 at-bats with the Philadelphia Phillies last season, Pierre hit .307 with 37 steals. He's expected to lead off for the Marlins, so there's no reason to think the stolen base total will plummet. He's always been an asset to team batting averages.
If you draft Pierre, however, you'd better make sure you have plenty of RBIs from your other outfielders. He'll probably only be good for 30 or so.
OUTFIELD - CAMERON MAYBIN, SAN DIEGO: The one-time top prospect took a bit of a step back last season, hitting just .243 with eight home runs. He stole 26 bases, but that was a drop-off from the 40 he swiped in 2011.
Some of the luster has worn off, but keep in mind that Maybin is still just 25. Also keep in mind that he batted .283 in the second half of last season. Wrist and Achilles injuries limited him to 136 games (and probably sapped his power and speed, respectively).
The fences are moving in this year at Petco Park. Perhaps 15 homers and 40 steals would be attainable for the toolsy center fielder, and that would make him a major bargain.
OUTFIELD - WILL VENABLE, SAN DIEGO: OK, there are probably more Padres on this team than you'd like to have on your roster, but Venable, like Gyorko and Maybin, could deliver good bang for your buck.
After Venable belted 13 homers and stole 29 bases in just 392 at-bats in 2010, he was a popular pick to break out in 2011. It didn't really happen. Venable hit nine homers in both 2011 and '12, and stole 26 and 24 bases in those seasons, respectively.
Now at age 30, it's likely Venable simply is what he is going to be. The question is, is that so bad? He's averaged 10 homers and 26 steals during the past three years. With the Petco Park fences moving in, he might add a few long balls to that total this season.
STARTING PITCHER - MIKE MINOR, ATLANTA: On the surface, 11 wins and a 4.12 ERA look, well, average for a guy touted as a solid pitching prospect in an Atlanta organization known for producing them.
A look closer, though, shows that Minor began to break out last season. He pitched to a 2.21 ERA in the second half, holding hitters to a .193 batting average in his last 15 starts. For the season, his WHIP was a tidy 1.15, thanks to a microscopic 0.87 in the second half of the year.
Minor gives up too many homers (26 in 179 1/3 innings) and tends to run high pitch counts, but he's dramatically improving before our eyes. On a contending Atlanta team, the win total should grow, too.
RELIEF PITCHER - BOBBY PARNELL, N.Y. METS: If your draft is a few weeks away, Parnell might not remain a sleeper that long. Incumbent closer Frank Francisco was shut down at the starting of spring training because of elbow inflammation, and manager Terry Collins said he wanted Parnell to close in Francisco's absence.
Even when healthy, Francisco has not really been a stopper. He wasn't healthy last season, as an elbow injury contributed to his bloated 5.53 ERA and 1.61 WHIP.
The Mets added veteran relievers with closer experience this offseason, bringing aboard Brandon Lyon and LaTroy Hawkins. It's Parnell, however, who is the Mets' best closing option for both the present and future. Even if he doesn't get the gig, he'll still provide a solid ERA (2.49 in 2012), WHIP (1.24) and strikeout total (61 in 68 2/3 innings) as a setup man.
Jeff Saukaitis has been a professional sportswriter since 1985.
<|endofexample|>
Al Jefferson led seven Utah players in double figures with 24 points as the Jazz downed the Golden State Warriors, 115-101, on Tuesday.
Gordon Hayward, who had missed the last 10 games with a sprained right shoulder, scored 17 points for the Jazz, who have won three straight games. Randy Foye dropped in 15 points, while Paul Millsap and Derrick Favors added 14 apiece.
Alec Burks scored 13 points and Marvin Williams added 11 in the triumph.
"We understood how tough this game was going to be. We came out today and established ourselves early. We were able to come out with a good win," Williams said.
Stephen Curry poured in a game-high 29 points on 12-for-22 shooting and Jarrett Jack added 19 points and nine assists off the bench for the Warriors, who have dropped six straight.
"They outworked us, and once again we were not sharp defensively." Warriors coach Mark Jackson said. "We did not take care of the basketball. It was another uncharacteristic performance and we have to find ourselves."
The Jazz led 26-19 after the first 12 minutes and took a 58-53 lead into the halftime break.
The Warriors managed to cut the Utah lead to one following a Curry trey early in the third quarter, but the Warriors used a 15-4 flurry to go up 81-69 with 3 1/2 minutes left in the period.
A 6-1 Golden State sequence made it 82-75 in Utah's favor just 1 1/2 minutes later, and the Warriors went into the final stanza down 87-79.
Hayward canned a long two to give the Jazz an 11-point lead early in the fourth quarter, but Golden State was able to make it a six-point game moments later following Curry's trey.
It would be as close as the Warriors would get, however, as they were outscored by Utah by a 22-14 count the rest of the way.
Game Notes
<|endofexample|>
you look at the kinds of crimes we had in the 1920s and 1930s during Prohibition, and during the early 1950s with the advent of drug activity, you'll find that none of this has changed," says Miami P®MDNM¯olice Chief Perry Anderson. "It's still territorial. The violence is often in the form of threats and intimidation, with the goal of economic control. These killings are basically gangland killings. The only real difference I see is that now you have a more reckless style of violence. And there's no honor at all any more - for example, family members of the victim are not spared. You have a killer now who is colder, more cruel.
"The reason? Let's say I'm selling drugs. You have to believe I'll kill you if you invade my area, or appear as a witness against me in court. I've got to let you know that no matter where you are, I can come up and blow you away in front of 50 people. And I will. Can you imagine the sort of impression I've left on that community? Most people think these killings are the result of somebody selling somebody bad drugs. Well, that's not the case. It's almost always because you've become too large and you need to be done away with. You're threatening somebody through economic competition.
"These things have so much depth to them. For example, a clean kid is threatening. A clean kid, athletic type, good build, good-looking kid - he probably would be naturally anti-crime. So maybe he gets involved with one of the bad guys' girlfriends. Technically, he's an innocent bystander, but just by virtue of being on the same street or in the same neighborhood with these guys, he's part of a dynamic. If he isn't seduced into their way of life, he risks paying a serious price.
"You've got to keep this on the front burner," Anderson adds, "or people will think the problem has gone away. It's not going to go away. It's clearly getting worse. And if we think it's going to remain just black-on-black homicide, we're fooling ourselves. It's going to keep spreading until it engulfs everybody. Sure, the vast majority of these killings are committed by blacks, but you don't know what other kinds of crimes these people are committing before they get around to murder. Even the psychological impact on the outside society is profound. When I'm in civilian clothes walking down the street, I can hear people in their cars locking their doors: click, click, click, click,
click."
Black men in America have historically been targets of violence. But in the 1980s, in a departure from decades of bloody tradition, direct physical violence came mainly from within the black community itself. Police Chief Anderson, a professional student of criminality, can describe the mechanics and motives of murder among young black men today, and trace some principal causes. But he and other successful, middle-age black men - despite having grown up in Dade's black ghettos - describe an eerie sense of isolation from an entire generation. A feeling of kinship is missing from their analysis of the problem. The ghetto and its youth have changed profoundly; the nuances of social context, the full flavor of a Zeitgeist inspired by spreading criminality is hard for them to grasp.
Opa-locka Mayor Robert Ingram, reaching into the past for something that will make the present comprehensible, likens today's youthful black killer to the archetypal "ghetto hustler" of the 1960s, described in the autobiography of activist Malcolm X. But the comparison between today's ghetto reality and that of three decades ago seems stale. The inability of the older generation to relate in intimate detail to the experience of the younger makes the flood of killings all the more unsettling to them. "There is so much more encouragement toward criminality in the black community than in the larger community," says Mayor Ingram, struggling to explain the new order at the street level. "As a consequence, this may well be the most dangerous, reckless, and lawless black generation in the history of the world."
Rap music - not literature, film, or newspaper accounts - has been the only medium to successfully communicate the emotional reality of a generation in danger. One of the most vivid portraits of the new black American drug subculture, and one of the most forceful condemnations of it, lies in the lyrics of Los Angeles rapper (and ex-con) Ice-T. The profane accuracy of those lyrics has proved unpalatable to radio stations across the nation. What's more, the very depth of descriptive and dramatic detail in the music makes the message easily mistakable for its opposite: a dark glorification of a violent, decade-old, money-based urban nihilism.
Part 2
Whatever they say about the seductive appeal of a fast and dangerous youth, Ice-T's dark chronicles offer a casebook description of the circumstances of young black death in Greater Miami and most other major American cities during the latter half of the 1980s. "Drama," written in 1988, describes the entire life cycle of an urban killer moving through the defining experiences of street life: prison release, the return to drug commerce, armed revenge, feudal camaraderie, burglary, arrest, interrogation, arrogance, betrayal, jail, repentance, death:
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
After a 2003 New York Times article criticized Bill Clinton for not showing his face enough in the neighborhood around his Harlem office, Jamaica-born, New York-bred artist Dave McKenzie donned a suit, tie, and Clinton mask and paraded along 125th Street while blasting Louis Armstrongs rendition of We Shall Overcome from a stereo. The piece was typical McKenzie: smart, timely, and focused on engaging the public. And thats why at the tender age of 31, he has made a name for himself as a conceptual artist to be reckoned with.
Want to hang out with him? Well, this Saturday you can. In fact, you might even be able to have dinner with the guy. Heres what you do: Go to the Museum of Contemporary Art at 2 p.m. for McKenzies lecture (free with five-dollar museum admission) and drop your name into the clear plastic box inside the Convention exhibit. At the end of the lecture, McKenzie will pick one name out of the box, and later that evening, hell take the winner out for a one-on-one dinner.
Sat., Aug. 15, 2 p.m., 2009
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
Fernandez Zalacian Web:...
Top
Pan American Art Projects' new exhibit isn't your typical summer group show. At a time when most local galleries are dusting off their stock and having the ubiquitous fire sale to move brand merchandise, this Wynwood space is delivering a museum-quality show featuring top-drawer talent courtesy of Abelardo Mena, curator of international art for Havana's Museo de Bellas Artes.
2450 NW 2nd Ave.
Miami, FL 33127
Region: Midtown/Wynwood/Design District., constructed a wooden outline of the world map and floated the continents on a platform that rises to the height of the spectator's hip. Wooden pegs sprout from varied locales on the map, and viewers are invited to test their hand-eye coordination by purchasing three rings for three bucks and trying their luck at landing two or more of the rings on the pegs. Winners receive one of 40 hand-crafted "passports" Barroso made for the show and strung up with clothespins on a cord behind the game..
Fernandez Zalacian Web:...
Find everything you're looking for in your city
Find the best happy hour deals in your city
Get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from 50-90%
Check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
<|endofexample|>
Camp Details
June9-13, 2013
The RedHawks Tennis program invites you to Oxford, Ohio for their 2013 Summer Camp. Instructed by Miami coaches, campers will learn the skills necessary to elevate their play. This camp, hosted on the Miami University campus, will focus on each camper’s individual game and provide instruction in both the physical and mental components of tennis.
Overnight—$650
Day—$500
Enrollment
This camp is open to any and all boys and girls grades 5-12. The overnight camp fee of $650 includes all instruction, housing, dining and a ticket to one 2013 Miami Football game. The extended day camp fee of $550 includes all of the above less housing. The day camper fee of $450 includes instruction, a t-shirt, lunch and a 2013 Miami Football ticket. Tennis Camp
230 Millett Hall
Oxford, OH 45056
Please make all checks or money orders payable to Miami University. In order for the camper to be enrolled in the clinic, full payment must be received..
Website services
and
online registration
Active Network
.
<|endofexample|>
-
 Sep. 24 – Axis Powers Hetalia Sealand Cosplay Costume.
Author About caoxiaoping
I’m also a devotee for cosplay. To do well in this performance art, I’m interested in hunting for funny, gorgeous or fantastic pictures. From these breathtaking works and interviews done by cosplay talents, I always get inspired.
<|endofexample|>
Aloha Card
Hampton Art’s Luau clear stamp set is fun for cards or those special vacation scrapbook pictures.
Designed by Beverly Sizemore
Material List
- Hampton Art Rubber Stamps: Luau
- Cardstock (we used) Green, Pink Dotted Swiss, White
- Clearsnap, Inc Ink Pad: Vivid in Pink
- Martha Stewart Crafts® Punch: Loop Edge
- Sizzix Diecut Tag
- Pink Narrow Ribbon of choice (small piece)
- Pink Silk Flowers: (2)
- Mono Adhesive
- Foam Tape
- American Crafts Brads: White
- White Staples
- Paper Trimmer
- Scissors
Project Instructions
Step: 1
Trim pink and green cardstock as shown for card base. Adhere punched double loop edges at top.
Step: 2
Stamp flamingo image on white diecut tag with pink ink. Staple ribbon at top of tag. Set aside.
Step: 3
Stamp sentiment on white cardstock with pink ink. Trim and set aside.
Step: 4
Stamp lanterns border image with pink ink on green cardstock. Trim and mount on punched borders as shown. Adhere to lower center of card.
Step: 5
Adhere stamped flamingo tag to left side with foam tape. Adhere sentiment.
Step: 6
Secure two pink flowers below sentiment with white brads.
Tips
Use photo as a guide and follow manufacturer’s instructions for all products used.
Try using flowers for a tropical touch on your cards or layouts and Hampton Art’s Luau clear stamp set.
<|endofexample|>
"Let It Snow" Hot Cocoa Container
Create this cute container to give Hot Cocoa or any other food gift to your friends this year!
Designed by Lisa Falduto, courtesy of Provo Craft®.
Material List
- Cricut Expression
- Cricut Winter Frolic Cartridge
- Libby Glass Jar
- Martha Stewart Crafts® Glitter: Kunzite, Turquoise, Clear
- Recollections® Cardstock: Pink, Blue, Green, Brown, White & Mauve
- Basic Grey® Euphoria Bliss Patterned Cardstock
- Ribbon, 3/8" Blue With Green Stitching (3 Ft.)
- Safety Pin
- 2 Small Wiggle Eyes
- Liquid Glue
- Two Way Glue
- I-rock Tool
- I-rock Color Fusion Glam Rocks
Project Instructions
Cut and wrap patterened paper around jar.
Secure ribbon on top and bottom remembering to tie a bow on the top length before securing in place.
Build and add glitter to all die cuts.
Place "Let it Snow" on top of the jar and place the snowman hanging from the bow using a safety pin.
Place snowflakes scattered behind the snowman
Use I-rock tool and secure gems around the outside edge of the cover.
<|endofexample|>
.
To optimize your Keno "To Go" experience, you should:
- Be sure your pop-up blocker is turned off;
- Have the latest version of Flash installed on your computer;
- Play Keno "To Go" through a high-speed internet connection where you can view streaming video.
- Download and use Firefox web browser for best results.
<|endofexample|>
:10 pm
Thu May 12, 2011
Detroit mayor reject's Bloomberg's immigrant idea
Detroit Mayor Dave Bing today flatly rejected the idea put forward by New York’s mayor that immigrants could be the key to reversing Detroit’s population loss.
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg made the suggestion during an appearance on “Meet the Press” earlier this month, saying the U.S. became a superpower because of its immigrant population. But Bing ridiculed the idea during an event with the “Big Four” metro Detroit political leaders.
"I don’t know what he was on," Bing said to laughter from the audience at Birmingham's Townsend Hotel. "We can’t provide jobs for the folks that are here."
Bing went on to say that he’s not opposed to immigrants coming to the city. But he says people won’t start returning to Detroit until the city fixes the problems that have forced so many to flee it.
Bing also said city residents need to face its shortcomings.
“We are still in denial about our problems,” he said. “People in Detroit would rather fight than fix."
<|endofexample|>
:32 pm
Mon December 17, 2012
Lansing city leaders concerned about apparent problems with Ingham County's 911 system.
“First responders have to have a system that they can rely on,” says Carol Wood, who chairs the Lansing city council’s public safety committee. She adds, “Taxpayers, that are making those payments, need to know that system is working.”
A task force is expected to make recommendations for fixing the system by the end of the month.
<|endofexample|>
courts
12:06 pm
Wed November 2, 2011
Macomb Co. to pay settlement to man wrongfully convicted of rape
By Sarah Hulett
Credit Michigan Department of Corrections
Jeffrey Moldowan spent a dozen years in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Macomb County will pay a $150,000 settlement to a man who was wrongfully convicted of beating and raping his former girlfriend.
A lawsuit filed by Jeffrey Moldowan was set to go to trial today. Moldowan spent a dozen years in prison for the crime before a jury acquitted him in a second trial.
.
<|endofexample|>
You won't find a better source of college basketball data than WinPicks anywhere, at any price. You can pick your own number one team using the WinPicks power ratings. You can also instantly locate the strongest conferences, and the teams with the most difficult schedules, the toughest defenses, and the most explosive offenses. gives you the straight scoop about college basketball. It strips away the media hype and regional bias that distorts the college basketball handcapping that no sports service can match, and pays for itself in no time.
Need information about a specific team? Just ask WinPicks to analyze the team's performance. You can go back just a few games or all the way back to the beginning of the 2000-2001? that by the time you know about them, it is sometimes too late to take advantage. day after day, you can save them using the powerful My Trends feature.
WinPicks is loaded with.. Four formulas are included that beat the spread last season. Plus, each has picked the straight-up winner of well over 70% of all games correctly since the beginning of the 2000-2001 season. All formulas also predict the point total of every game (the over/under)., and easily beat the point spread.
Still not convinced? Check out this feature list:
If you're a fan who likes stats and trend data, you'll love WinPicks. And if you wager on NCAA games, WinPicks could be the best investment you've ever made. It's the most versatile and powerful college basketball software ever developed.
Requires Microsoft Windows (2000, 2003, XP, Vista, or Windows 7/8). $49.95
Return to Product List
<|endofexample|>
For more information about the site, see the
Site Index
MicroScope's top stories, week ending 8 July 2011
MicroScope's top stories, week ending 1 July 2011
Former Canon boss Vickers joins Tinglobal
Intel VARs to get CompTIA certification
Worldwide IT spend on track for 7% growth in 2011
Exclusive calls time on UK acquisitions with VADition buy
Easynet Connect to relaunch SME channel next week
i365 appoints Andy Brewerton as UK boss
VADition picked up by Exclusive Networks
Dell will be patient and selective with future acquisitions
Azlan adds Cisco UCS B-Series to configuration offering
Resellers told to name and shame late payers
Close to half of IT pros in the market for a career move
Ignoring customers will cost resellers
HP looks for bigger channel deals through iQuote
Cable & Wireless boss quits after profit warning
Spam levels hit two year low
Syncsort appoints Arrow as second UK distie
Spicers beefs up dealer programme
Daisy to wind down acquisition spree
Kell acquired by Schneider Electric's APC unit
Billing returns to channel to boost network monitoring sales
Cyberoam sets sights on UK expansion
Users struggling to cope with changing security demands
Array Networks signs up Nubeon as UK distie
Data is the new oil? That's just too much
Fujitsu staff to strike in support of ousted union rep
SMEs recognising need to encrypt sensitive data
SMEs recognising need to encrypt sensitive data
Network overhaul needed to boost remote working capabilities
Travelodge adds its name to growing data breach list
Turning back on loss-making deals hits Oracle hardware sales
MicroScope's top stories, week ending 24 June 2011
York firm latest to be caught out by BSA
Magirus close to finalising VCE programme
Ex-Colt SME head Andy Horn turns up at Easynet
Maverick hires three to drive Promethean channel
Micro Focus misses forecasts at end of disappointing year
Opinion: Proper decorum for the meeting of the future
Red Hat sees 'fundamental shift' towards cloud spending
Exceptional charges wipe out Dixons Retail profits
Avnet to bring Force10 Networks lines to UK
Daisy bursts seams of Lancashire base
Ciena maps return to profitability this year
Comet parent weighing up options over retailer's future
Public sector decline hits UK software and services market
More
<|endofexample|>
| United States
Accelerated company growth fueled by two major acquisitions in recent years had more than tripled West Pharmaceutical Services revenues—from U.S.$400 million to $1.3 billion. This rapid expansion created a vital need for IT to deploy technologies to help sales and customer support maintain a consistent customer focus. Adding to the challenge, the company needed to accommodate personnel in 50 offices across six continents.
Accelerating Sales Cycles While Adding Insight Into Customer Activity
VP of Global Information Technology, Beverly Prohaska, also found herself facing the challenge of finding a solution that would allow the company to synchronize sales processes across the globe. “Each of our two major divisions as well as each country has its own unique needs for managing the sales cycle and customer service,” Prohaska says.
Other key capabilities Prohaska sought in the CRM solution included the ability to accelerate the velocity of sales cycles and provide greater insight into sales data to improve forecasting accuracy. “Part of the reason these capabilities proved challenging is that we use three ERP systems,” Prohaska explains. “Compiling sales data thus required a lot of manual work. We needed to automate the process for accessing information.”
Deploying Global CRM Capabilities While Conforming to Local Needs
West has long deployed a platform strategy based on a combination of Microsoft and SAP technologies. In researching possible CRM solutions, Prohaska considered Microsoft Dynamics CRM as well as SAP CRM and SalesForce.com: “We chose Microsoft Dynamics CRM because it fits our platform strategy and enables us to configure the software to meet business needs. Even though we need consistent sales processes across the company, there are still unique requirements for business units and countries. Microsoft Dynamics CRM gives us this flexibility.”
Prohaska adds that many CRM solutions have rigid tools requiring customers to change business processes. But Microsoft Dynamics CRM sets itself apart by offering a blend of easy-to-use, intuitive software with configuration flexibility that minimizes customization to meet business needs of individual geographies.
In comparing costs, Prohaska focused on long-term TCO more than upfront costs. Another key consideration was the requirement to run the CRM solution within a virtual private cloud via a third-party data center. Microsoft Dynamics CRM best met the requirements on both counts.
Customer Activity Now Visible Across All Departments
For the deployment of Microsoft Dynamics CRM, West collaborated with Microsoft partner, SBS South Florida and Caribbean. “The solution is intuitive enough that we can fully operate the system with internal IT resources now that we completed the deployment with the help of SBS South Florida and Caribbean,” Prohaska says.
The Microsoft Dynamics CRM solution assists nearly 400 employees providing services to customers including sales and management as well as quality, regulatory, and R&D employees who track customer issues and product discrepancy reports. “It’s important to offer transparent visibility across all departments that interact with customers,” Prohaska emphasizes.
Major Impact on Customer Successes
For Prohaska and the West IT department, the solution represents one of their most significant accomplishments in recent years. “Microsoft Dynamics CRM has the potential to truly globalize our business and have a greater impact on our customer successes than most IT projects,” she says. “The technology supports our strategy of placing customers first and enables us to provide services as a united company, since everyone has access to all customer information.”
Prohaska also stresses the confidence senior leadership has in partnering with Microsoft. “Microsoft has made a strong commitment to Microsoft Dynamics CRM by issuing new releases every six months. This makes us feel good about the investment. We also benefit from the seamless integration with Microsoft Outlook. This makes it much easier for our employees as they spend a fair amount of their day in Microsoft Outlook where they can also interact with Microsoft Dynamics CRM.”
Next Steps
Connect with Microsoft Dynamics
Read about other ways Microsoft Dynamics CRM can help give your sales teams the insight they need to be effective
Learn about sales force automation solutions built on Microsoft Dynamics CRM
This case study is for informational purposes only. MICROSOFT MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN THIS SUMMARY. Document published January 2013.
<|endofexample|>
... ? Audio date) Library & Information Services » Curricular Technology (3)sourceFriday Links, Feb. 22, 2013 Fri, 02/22/2013 - 10:30am Change Moodle site availability from the Course Hub Wed, 10/10/2012 - 1:51pm New Course Hub / Middfiles integration ... ? » Research Research Find news on a topicManage researchSocial bookmarkingTagging
<|endofexample|>
BALRAM Chainrai has withdrawn his bid to take over Pompey.
Mr Chainrai was set to take over for a third time at Fratton Park and had been in negotiations with administrator Trevor Birch.
But he told The News this week discussions had hit a brick wall in a dispute over administrators fees.
This morning, Mr Chainrai announced his firm Portpin will be pulling out of buying the club.
Chainrai released a statement which read: ‘Portpin Ltd regrets to announce that it is withdrawing its bid for Portsmouth Football Club.
‘Unfortunately, our efforts to save the club once more from extinction have hit a wall of rejection and lacking co-operation from the administrator and other interested parties.
‘Unfortunately, our efforts to save the club once more from extinction have hit a wall of rejection and lacking co-operation from the administrator and other interested parties.”
‘We are not the ones who have caused the club to collapse and we are not the ones to choose PKF as administrators .
‘As history has recorded, we sold the club over a year ago after saving it from liquidation and unfortunately found ourselves again fighting to try and save the club from another liquidation.
‘Through this administration process over the last six months we have always had the club’s best interest in mind - unlike many parties who were involved in the process.
‘We repeatedly encouraged the administrator to find a new, willing and able buyer to take over the club - unfortunately he was unsuccessful in this job and couldn’t find a buyer despite his promises!!
‘Later he approached us to be his safety net to save the club as he couldn’t find a buyer. We agreed in the effort to avoid liquidation of the club.
‘.
‘.
‘We welcome and will assist anyone, including the supporters trust to try and save the club in the coming days.’
<|endofexample|>
: •. Crude tumbled more than $3 in less than a minute yesterday as October options were about to expire. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s general economic index, known as the Empire State Index, fell to a three-year low. The government reiterated that it is considering ways to prevent oil prices from curbing economic growth.
, a global leader in packaging and packaging solutions, has been featured in the Carbon Disclosure Project’s (CDP), Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index for 2012. This index highlights companies scoring in the top ten percent of the S&P 500 based on commitment to climate change disclosures and understanding of the impact of climate change-related issues. MWV scored 93 out of 100, one of only 5 companies in the materials sector to score this high and the only company in the containers and packaging category to earn a place on the index. The average score for the S&P 500 was 70.
MWV is driven to find sustainable solutions for its business and has made a commitment to reduce CO2 emissions by 25 percent by 2015 (versus a 2010 baseline); currently, MWV is on target to achieve this goal. The company is installing a new, state-of-the-art biomass boiler that will burn renewable biomass, such as tree bark, wood residues and waste water residuals at its Covington paperboard facility. The new boiler will replace a coal-fired boiler and further reduce the company’s carbon footprint, cutting plant emissions by ~30 percent.
QuadWinkowski, one of Central Europe’s largest commercial printers and a subsidiary of U.S.-based printer Quad/Graphics, announced today that it has rebranded itself to Quad/Graphics. Concurrently, Winkowski Logistics will change its name to Quad Logistics Europe.
The rebranding creates uniformity across Quad/Graphics’ global print-production platform, which consists of more than 50 plants in nine counties on three continents. It also reflects the company’s world-class production and distribution capabilities, and service expertise in Europe.
“Transitioning QuadWinkowski to Quad/Graphics is an important step in strengthening our brand worldwide,” said Joel Quadracci, Chairman, President & CEO of Quad/Graphics. “We are a global company with a consistent approach to manufacturing, distribution and customer service across all our locations. QuadWinkowski has long shared our approach to timely, high-quality manufacturing and customer service as well as our appetite for innovation, and now it shares our company’s name.”
In recent years, Quad/Graphics has made significant investments in its people and platform in Poland to strengthen and expand its offering, and position itself as a leading European printer and employer. The company operates numerous sheetfed and web offset presses in a variety of cutoff lengths, complemented by a wide range of finishing equipment, giving customers maximum flexibility. Quad/Graphics is rapidly developing its media solutions offering in Europe, which will give customers the ability to drive enhanced digital experiences from print..
Oil.
Financial media company TheStreet has acquired The Deal from private equity company Wasserstein & Co. for $5.8 million in cash.
The move combines the two news operations, including content development and marketing resources. William Inman, who took charge as editor in chief of TheStreet in March, will run the combined operations.
TheStreet said it is shuttering the print version of The Deal immediately and moving to an all-digital format. An undetermined number of layoffs are expected to follow.
Robert Teitelman, The Deal's editor in chief, will leave the company after serving as a consultant for several months during the transition. Kevin Worth, CEO of The Deal, will transition to president of The Deal, which will operate as a subsidiary of TheStreet.
Founded in 1999 as The Daily Deal newspaper, The Deal targets 40,000 business professionals, including senior-level bankers, law firm partners, private equity partners and hedge fund executives.The Deal Pipeline is an information subscription service and database.."
Twin Rivers Paper Company, a leader in lightweight specialty packaging, label and publishing papers, answers the market need for mold-resistant labels with the launch of Alliance®® WS AM, a label paper that offers superior mold protection in high humidity climates while maintaining the same high quality standards people have come to expect from our wet-strength label papers,” says Dave Deger, Director of Business Development and Marketing..
When it comes to mobile commerce investments, retailers are taking a measured approach, a new study from Shop.org and Forrester Research Inc. finds. Half of the retailers polled in the organizations’ 2012 State of Retailing Online survey say they spent less than $100,000 on smartphone investments in 2011 and 74%
<|endofexample|>
Hornady Critical Defense Ammunition 22 Winchester Magnum Rimfire (WMR) 45 Grain Flex Tip eXpanding Box of 50
Product #: 994134 Hornady #: 83200 UPC #: 090255832006
Substitute Products
Suggested Products
MidwayUSA Silicone Impregnated Gun Cleaning Cloth... $2.99 Available
MidwayUSA Tactical Pistol Case... $9.99 Select Options
MidwayUSA Gun Sock Pistol Silicone-Treated Polyester Blend... $3.99 - $17
MTM Ammo Wallet Ammunition Carrier 30-Round 17 Hornady Magnum... $5.99 Out of Stock, Backorder OK brass cases.
Technical Information
Ballistics Information:
1-7/8" Pistol Barrel:
24" Rifle.
<|endofexample|>
Redding Neck Sizer Die Bushing 246 Diameter Steel
Product #: 182112 Redding #: 73246 UPC #: 611760732461
Substitute Products
Others Bought
Imperial Dry Neck Lube Application Media 1 oz... $8.59 Available
Nosler AccuBond Bullets 284 Caliber, 7mm (284 Diameter) 160... $29.99 Available
Nosler AccuBond Bullets 375 Caliber (375 Diameter) 260 Grain... $41.99 Available
Frankford Arsenal Impact Bullet Puller... $14.99 Available
Hornady Bullets 30 Carbine (308 Diameter) 100 Grain Short... $13.79 Available
Redding Neck Sizer Die Bushing 245 Diameter Steel... $14.99 Available
Redding Neck Sizer Die Bushing 247 Diameter Steel... $14.99 Available
Redding Neck Sizer Die Bushing 248 Diameter Steel... $14.99 Available
MidwayUSA Tactical Rear Shooting Rest Bag Nylon Olive Drab... $12.99 Available
Redding Type S Bushing Neck Sizer Die 308 Winchester... $54.99 Available
Redding Type S Bushing Full Length Sizer Die 22-250 Remington... $54.99 Available
Otis Military Rifle/Pistol Bore Brush 45 Caliber 8 x 32 Thread... .
<|endofexample|>
1927 W. North Ave.
Chicago Illinois 60622United States
(773) 772-4422
Midwest Living Review
Many believe this is one of the best pizza places in Chicago, and for beer aficionados, Piece's dedication to full-flavored brews makes it a must-do when you're in the city.
Bucktown is one of those colorful, hip Chicago neighborhoods that's home to lots of eccentric boutique stores and restaurants that seem to change with the weather. One of the places that never seems to change, however, is popular mainstay Piece Brewery and Pizzeria, which opened in 2001. For a pizzeria-brewpub to make it that long in this pizza-crazy town is a testament to their quality fare, which is unique, delicious and worth seeking out. In some circles, it's believed Piece may be among the best pizzerias in the city.
Visited:
June 22, 2012
<|endofexample|>
– This
Mike Church's daily Pile of Prep, chock full of Chris Christie becomin Conservatism's Lex Luthor (because he's successful!) plus other [r]epublican stories used to perform the Mike Church Show on Sirius/XM Patriot channel 125.….Continue
Mandeville, LA - Exclusive Video and Audio - Can you name the similarities between Chris Christie and Mike Church? Other than the obvious one that ISN'T true... there's the fact that they both don't play the partisan political games, for instance Christie didn't snub Obama after the Hurricane just because there was an election coming up and it was what the decepticons wanted him to do. Also, neither were invited to CPAC, because they don't play the partisan games and they don'….Continue
Mandeville, LA - Exclusive Transcript - I think the challenge for the future of that particular body of movement is to move beyond the electronic media and get into actually doing things, get into actually meeting face to face. Meeting face to face has its advantages. Meeting face to face and trying to find if there is any common ground when you’re not blabbing on endlessly on Facebook is a challenge. Check out today's transcript for the rest...….Continue ….Continue
Mandeville, LA - Exclusive Video and Audio - Steve Doocy, one third of the collective mind on Fox and Friends in the morning, manages to ask Chris Christie one of the dumbest questions you could ask a Governor of a state who is dealing with a natural disaster of this scale.... he asks him about what the Presidential Candidates are doing, and Christie responds appropriately. But then, right after that, Christie (who has been supporting Romney) praises the job Obama has been do….Continue
Mandeville, LA - Exclusive Transcript - All of the Decepticons are going goo-goo gaga over Chris Christie's big speech last night at the RNC, but what they're missing behind it all is that most of what he's talking about is STILL MORE GOVERNMENT, the power of the state. Only the state can educate our children and take care of our old people and if those programs aren't working, well by golly, let's reform them. Check out today's transcript for more...….Continue
Members Only Access The Founders Pass You are missing out on crucial commentary video, audio and exclusive downloads! See What You Are Missing Take The Tour! OR Join Now Franklin Approves! We've got an update on Santorum “suspending” his campaign and Chris Christie had something to say about our entitlement society in New York at a forum on economy.….Continue
Upcoming Events
Members Only Access The Founders Pass
Exclusive Content & Discounts For Members Only
See All The Benefits That Await Take The Quick Tour Join
Most Commented
<|endofexample|>
This:
→ Read the rest of this entry
Good stuff. Need to check on viability of enlarging and framing!.
The purpose of infographics is to take data that is initially tough to interpret and distill it into some high-level knowledge that readers can remember and take away with them. Upon picking up a six-pack of Cottonelle last night though, I think I found the most useless infographic ever:
Yes indeed. It’s a visual reminder that:
That’s good times. And there’s even a 1-800 number you can call for further details as well as a website where perhaps you can plug in different values and see how many single rolls a quintuple roll would equal.
If I were the makers of Cottonelle, I’d probably use this space to showcase and romanticize the process by which they get Aloe into the toilet paper. I’ve always wondered about it.
For much better examples of infographics, check out a great book Rex showed me: Understanding USA.
I need to start doing this competitively again..
<|endofexample|>
A Capital Region native, Dianna is excited to be entering her second season with the 'Cats. Dianna is a 2008 graduate of Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts where she played for the school's basketball and volleyball teams. After completing her undergraduate degree, Dianna gained administrative experience in the legal field. Most recently, she completed the Master's in Business Administration program at Union Graduate College. While obtaining her master's degree Dianna completed an event operations internship at the Times Union Center in Albany, NY. In her free time Dianna enjoys traveling and playing volleyball.
Minor League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are the property of Minor League Baseball. All Rights Reserved.
Use of the Website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (updated 07.08.2011).
<|endofexample|>
Tonight the Denver Cutthroats kick off their inaugural season with the first regular season game of 2012-2013.
The Fish, as they're affectionately called, will be facing the Missouri Mavericks in their home opener. Governor John Hickenlooper will be on hand to drop the ceremonial first puck at 7:05 pm MST. The Cutthroats will play all 33 of their home games this season in the historic Denver Coliseum, which celebrated its 60th anniversary earlier this year. Also on hand will be the team's mascot, Gill.
Team History
In April 2012, the Central Hockey League announced that Denver, Colorado, had been awarded a new expansion franchise set to take the ice for the 2012-2013 season. The Denver Cutthroats entered into an affiliation agreement with the National Hockey League’s Colorado Avalanche in July 2012. Under the agreement, the Cutthroats become an additional resource for player personnel and development needs for the Avalanche and their American Hockey League affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters. Avalanche players and prospects can be assigned to the Cutthroats throughout the 2012-13 season for developmental purposes. The Avalanche also have the option of promoting Cutthroats players to their NHL and AHL clubs. The team's name comes from Colorado's state fish, the Greenback Cutthroat Trout.
Front Office
John A. Hayes: Owner
Hayes, who is president and CEO of the Broomfield-based Ball Corporation, is leading the investment group which owns the new franchise.
Brad Lund: Governor
Lund, 46, brings more than 20 years of experience in the CHL to the Denver area. From 1992-2008, he served as the lead executive of the Oklahoma City Blazers. During his tenure, the Blazers were at the forefront of the minor-league hockey landscape leading the CHL in attendance all 16 years, averaging 9,123 fans per game – which led all of minor league hockey. He’s been named the CHL’s Executive of the Year on three occasions, and played a key role in the startup of the CHL’s Missouri Mavericks – who’ve been among the league leaders in attendance over their three-year existence.
Eric Newendorp: General Manager
The Moore, Oklahoma native is no stranger to minor-leauge hockey, having spent 10 years with the CHL's Oklahoma City Blazers before joining the ECHL's Colorado Eagles in 2003 to help launch the franchise for it's inaugural season. At the time of their launch the Eagles were a CHL member club. Both the Blazers and the Eagles reached impressive attendance goals as Oklahoma City consistently ranked among the top minor-league hockey franchises in average attendance, while the Eagles began what's turned into a minor-pro record for consecutive sellouts.
Brent Cullaton: Assistant General Manager and Director of Hockey Operations
The 37-year-old Cullaton (KUHL-uh-ton) has spent the past three seasons as general manager and head coach of the WSHL’s Boulder Jr. Bisons. In his time leading the Tier-III junior program, he compiled a career record of 114-40-8 and an appearance in the 2010 Thorne Cup Finals. He’s familiar with the CHL having played eight years in the league, appearing in 275 games. From 2003-06, he appeared in three consecutive President’s Cup Finals for the Laredo Bucks – winning two championships. The Petawawa, Ontario native enjoyed his best season statistically in 2007-08, when he tallied 92 points in 57 games as captain of the CHL’s Rocky Mountain Rage in Broomfield, Colorado.
Behind the Bench
Derek Armstrong: Head Coach
Armstrong, 38, returns to the Denver area where he skated for the International Hockey League’s Denver Grizzlies and won a championship during their 1994-95 campaign. After being drafted by the National Hockey League’s New York Islanders in 1992, the Ottawa, Ontario native appeared in 477 NHL games over a 14-year career with the Islanders, Ottawa Senators, New York Rangers, Los Angeles Kings, and St. Louis Blues. In his lone season with the Grizzlies, he recorded 13 goals and 18 assists in 59 games.
On the Ice
CHL teams carry a 19-man roster. The Cutthroats opening night roster includes:
# 37 - Aaron MacKenzie: 6'0" / 185 / Defense / Captain
MacKenzie (muh-KEN-zee) brings with him eight years of pro hockey experience, including six in the American Hockey League and a handful of games with the NHL’s Colorado Avalanche. The 31-year-old also skated four seasons at the University of Denver, recording 19 goals and 54 assists in 157 games from 1999-2003. MacKenzie spent the first six years of his pro career at the AHL level with the Worcester Sharks, Peoria Rivermen, and Lake Erie Monsters. During his 2008-09 season with Lake Erie, the Terrace Bay, Ontario native was called up twice to the NHL’s Colorado Avalanche, skating in five games. MacKenzie was named team captain during his final two seasons with Peoria (2006-08). For the past three years, the defenseman was overseas, playing in Europe and Asia. Prior to attending the University of Denver, MacKenzie appeared in 49 games for the USHL’s Thunder Bay Flyers, registering eight goals and 12 assists.
#27 - Kyle Quincey: 6'2" / 206 / Defense. The Kitchener, Ontario native has appeared in 257 NHL games scoring 18 goals and 95 points.
#26 - Nick Laporte: 6'5" / 202 / Defense
One of a handful of players to make the team after attending the Cutthroats' Open Tryouts in August, Nick Laporte began his pro career in the FHL, playing for the 1000 Islands Privateers. In 24 games, he had 1 goal and 5 assists. The 23-year-old is described as being a physical force on the ice, bringing the Cutthroats size and grit.
#22 - AJ Gale: 5'11" / 180 / Right Wing
Gale (GAYL), 25, is set to begin his fourth professional season and third in the CHL. The Nanaimo, British Columbia native recorded 14 points (seven goals, seven assists) in 14 games last year competing overseas in Denmark. From 2009-11, Gale tallied 41 goals and 48 assists for 89 points in 120 CHL games between Wichita and the Texas Brahmas.
#21 - Steve Makway: 6'5" / 230 / Defense
Makaway (MAHK-way) is set to begin his ninth year as a professional and sixth in the CHL. Last season, Makway appeared in 64 games for the CHL’s Evansville IceMen, recording four goals and 38 assists. Over six CHL seasons, the 29-year-old has skated in 289 games between Evansville, the Wichita Thunder, Mississippi RiverKings, and Laredo Bucks. Makway also played with the Flint Generals and Missouri River Otters of the United Hockey League in 2005-06, the Cincinnati Cyclones and Las Vegas Wranglers of the ECHL in 2008-09, plus the Dundee Stars of the UK-based Elite Ice Hockey League in 2010-11 along with his time in the CHL.
#20 - Mario Boilard: 6'2" / 200 / Center
The 22-year-old Boilard (BWAH-lard) will begin his second pro season after appearing in 46 games for the CHL’s Evansville Icemen last year. The Sainte-Justine, Quebec native racked up 193 penalty minutes in his rookie campaign and chipped in six points along the way (three goals, three assists). Prior to turning pro, Boilard played a four-year junior career in Quebec and Alberta.
#19 - Brett Lutes: 6'1" / 190 / Left Wing
Lutes (LOOTS) was voted to the CHL All-Star Game last season and was a seventh-round draft pick of the St. Louis Blues in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. Last year, the Riverview, New Brunswick native tallied 20 goals and a career-high 42 assists for the CHL’s Dayton Gems. He finished as the Gems’ second-leading scorer with 62 points. During his past three seasons in the CHL, the 30-year-old has averaged nearly a point-per-game, amassing 159 points in 168 appearances with the Gems and Colorado Eagles.
#17 - Luke Fulghum: 6'0" / 185 / Right Wing. He’s spent the past four years competing in the UK-based Elite Ice Hockey League.
#16 - Tony Mosey: 5'10" / 175 / Forward
Mosey played for the Florida Everblades of the ECHL during the 2010-2011 season after a college career with St. Cloud State of the WCHA. He joined the Everblades (23 games, 3g/1a) mid-season after being dropped from St. Cloud State in Jan 2011. Mosey had been arrested and charged with felony damage to property in Stearns County. He signed with the Everblades a few weeks after St. Cloud's championship win at the Florida College Hockey Classic .
#15 - Ben Wilson: 6'0" / 180 / Center
The 21-year-old Wilson is entering his second stint in the Central Hockey League after spending 10 games last season with the Allen Americans, combined with his 30 games in the AHL with Lake Erie. The 6-foot, 180-pound Wilson appeared in two games this season for the Monsters, registering an assist. The Calgary, Alberta native spent the final two years of his junior career (2009-11) in the Western Hockey League, playing 138 games for the Calgary Hitmen.
#14 - Andrew Coles: 6'1" / 195 / Left Wing
Coles is another player to come out of the Cutthroats' open tryouts. This will be the 23-year-old's first venture in professional hockey after spending two years in the Alberta Colleges Athletic Conference, playing for Portage College (18 games, 0g/7a) and Grant MacEwan College (24 games, 4g/5a).
#12 - Phil Tesoriero: 5'10" / 175 / Defense
The last of three players to make the team from the tryouts, Tesoriero is a local, hailing from Boulder, CO. He's played for the Davenport University Panthers for the past three seasons, registering 11 goals and 21 assists in 115 games. Tesoriero, 25, will also be making his pro hockey debut this season.
#10 - Jamie MacQueen: 6'1" / 185 / Forward
MacQueen, 24, appeared in five games last season for Lake Erie after completing a four-year career at Bemidji State University where he tallied 24 goals and 23 assists in 147 games. The 6-foot-1, 185 pound product of London, Ontario began the preseason in camp with the Monsters.
#9 - Troy Schwab: 5'8" / 192 / Center
The 27-year-old Schwab (SHWAHB) registered 19 goals and 36 assists in 54 games during his 2010-11 campaign alongside Gale in Wichita. Last season in Germany, Schwab amassed 45 points in 46 games (19 goals, 26 assists). After completing a four-year career at Lake Superior State University, Schwab finished his 2009-10 rookie season scoring 53 points in 67 games for the ECHL’s Johnstown Chiefs.
#8 - Sean Zimmerman: 6'2" / 220 / Defense
Zimmerman, 25, will return to play in his hometown of Denver, Colorado after spending the last five years in the American Hockey League. He has appeared in 274 AHL games with six different teams over his playing career. In 2008-09 he also appeared in 20 CHL games with the Arizona Sundogs, registering three assists. Zimmerman was a sixth-round pick of the New Jersey Devils in National Hockey League’s 2005 Entry Draft. He most recently spent the past two seasons in the Anaheim Ducks system, playing in 63 games for the AHL’s Syracuse Crunch, scoring a goal and nine assists.
#4 - Gabriel Beaupre: 6'2" / 200 / Defense
Beaupré (19) was drafted by Avalanche in the 6th round of the 2011 NHL entry draft. He played in QMJHL for Val-d´Or Foreurs appearing in 240 games and registering 50 points (11 goals and 39 assists). After an invite to the Lake Erie Monsters' training camp, Beaupre was signed to a one-year deal. The Monsters assigned the defenseman to the Cutthroats' roster shortly thereafter.
#3 - Markus Lauridsen: 6'1" / 201 / Defense
Lauridsen (LORE-ihd-sehn) began the preseason in training camp with the Monsters after completing a two-year junior career with the United States Hockey League’s Green Bay Gamblers where he won the 2012 Clark Cup championship and registered 40 points in 102 total games (11 goals, 29 assists). The 21-year-old hails from Hellerup, Denmark and represented his home country in the World Junior Championships each of the past four years. He claimed a silver medal in 2008-09 and 2009-10, then captured a gold medal in 2011-12.
#31 - Kieran Millan: 6'0" / 190 / Goalie. Millan was a four-year starter in Boston and led the Terriers to the 2009 National Title in his freshmen season with a 1.94 GAA and a .921 SV% to compliment his 29-2-3 record.
#35 - Kent Patterson: 6'1" / 180 / Goalie.
Andrew Coles will start the season in the IR, and Sean Zimmerman will serve a three-game suspension at the start of the season. Zimmerman’s suspension was handed down by the league earlier this week as the result of a hit during the team’s final preseason contest against the Tulsa Oilers.
Logo and Jerseys
The logo was designed by the Denver-based branding, marketing and design agency Adrenalin. The design is meant to incorporate specific Colorado characteristics, including the trout, mountains and rivers in the Rockies.
Schedule
Online Schedule with Results
Community Involvement
Among other ventures designed to support local hockey, the Cutthroats will partner with eight local hockey programs as part of their first "Amateur Hockey Coalition" for the upcoming 2012-13 Central Hockey League season. The local programs involved include Arapahoe Youth Hockey, Arvada Hockey Association, Boulder Hockey Club, Colorado Rampage Hockey, Dawg Nation Hockey Foundation, Foothills Hockey Association, Hyland Hills Jaguars, and Littleton Youth Hockey Association. Along with a donation to each organization, the Cutthroats will increase their community outreach efforts by offering each program fundraising opportunities, ticket packages for members, player appearances at practices and skill sessions, plus additional forms of support. Fans will also see some of the youth teams involved in the "Amateur Hockey Coalition" compete on the ice at a Cutthroats game this season as part of the intermission entertainment.
Media
The inaugural season of Cutthroats hockey will air live on 1600 AM The Zone for hockey fans in the Denver market to listen to. 45 of the Cutthroats 66 regular season games are currently scheduled to air, and playoff games can be added to the schedule as the season progresses. Brien Rea (RAY) will serve as the play-by-play voice for each of the team’s broadcasts and will also host pregame and postgame content. The 2012-13 season will be Rea’s eighth broadcasting hockey. He’s previously worked for three other teams in the Central Hockey League (Austin Ice Bats, Odessa Jackalopes, Arizona Sundogs) and also called games for Lake Forest College. The St. Louis, Missouri native was the broadcaster for the CHL’s All-Star Game in 2011 and 2012.
In addition to the 45 games airing on 1600 The Zone, fans will also be able to catch every regular season and playoff game online at or on the Cutthroats mobile app for iPhone and Android phones through the team’s online broadcast stream.
Tickets
Single-game ticket prices start at $15 for Lower End Zone seating and range up to $44 for Glass Level seats. In between are seating levels in the Cutthroats Club ($32), the Lower Prime level ($27), and the Lower Bowl ($19). Glass Level and Cutthroats Club Level ticket holders receive access to the team’s VIP club with their ticket purchase. Currently eight-game and 16-game mini-plans, 33-game full season ticket packages, and group packages are on sale. Fundraising opportunities are also available for youth hockey and other non-profit organizations, including Hockey on the Rocks. A full seat map with price levels can be found at and fans can speak with a team representative directly by calling (303) 688-5297.
*all information via the Denver Cutthraots
There are 46 Comments. Load Now.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!
<|endofexample|>
Usually bloggers, especially cooks, document their successes. But I need to get this big blooper off my conscience. Tuna casserole. Not the old-fashioned, classic back-of-the-can recipe that some Moms were famous for. Something else. An experiment, a riff on the original, gone wrong. Not as bad as Frankenstein’s monster, although that might be debatable.
I’ll blame my grandmother. She considered anything that she didn’t can herself an atrocity – with the exception of Pastene peeled whole tomatoes, chickpeas, cannelini beans, or dark tuna in oil. (My mother followed her example.) The thought process followed, that tuna casserole a recipe containing at least 2 canned ingredients, should be declared illegal. I, on the other hand, thought the recipe indescribably exotic. My friends’ mothers took pity on me and invited me for weeknight suppers.
Well, last week, channeling my grandmother, I tried to make a tuna casserole that she would have approved. I cooked up a batch of pasta, added canned dark tuna packed in oil. Then spied a can of artichoke hearts and added them and some tomatoes. While the casserole baked in the oven, I poured a glass of wine and thought about how delicious this would be.
One bite proved me wrong! The artichokes had turned a curious color of purple. The tuna dried out. It was a disaster on all counts. Deep in my soul I knew that artichoke and tomato don’t mix, and that there was no binding agent. Deep in my soul, I could hear my grandmother laughing.
Lesson learned: some things are lost in translation.
My experiments are not over. I plan to try a fresher version of the classic by making my roux, using fresh mushrooms. Entirely unsure of the tuna. Will keep you posted.
CLASSIC TUNA NOODLE CASSEROLE (Makes 4 servings)
Note: You don’t need to cook the frozen peas..
<|endofexample|>
Reading post 103849 in main thread
:
apocalypse now
March 25th, 2005
GunSlinger
Saigon, S
t, I'm still only in Saigon... Everyday I think I am going to wake up back in the Jungle. After my first tour it was worse. I hardly said a word to my wife till I said yes to a divorce. When I was here I wanted to be there when I was there all I could think of was getting back on the the jungle. Been here a week now, waiting. Waiting for a mission, and when it was over I never want another.
(c)02-10 Military-Quotes.com - Post # 103849
<|endofexample|>
Welcome to your primary source for scientific farming
WestfaliaSurge presents the DeMax 80, the first in a series of completely new milking control devices with integrated pulsation and stimulation. It provides much more comfort in use and allows space saving at the milking place by its innovative integrated cluster removal system. The DeMax 80 is uniquely positioned at a slight angle from the vertical. By this new and unique arrangement the cluster will be removed more gently and gives the milker more space to work and a better overview of the milking process. A large start-stop button and signal lights also make operation and monitoring easier and much more convenient. After the take-off the cluster will be in a most comfortable position for the next milking procedure.
DeMax 80 offers flexible, programmable control of milking, which can be either milk flow or time-controlled. Cluster removal can be delayed to suit the individual demand of the cows. Parameters are individually set and conveniently documented from a laptop when the system is put into operation. Modifications and online diagnosis for maintenance purposes can be carried out at any time during operation.
DeMax 80 also has integrated automatic stimulation. Big diameters of the ducts of the VisoFlow milk flow sensor make it easy to clean and ensure a consistent vacuum. The new Kick-Off sensor can be installed as an option.
Large red signal lights are visible from anywhere in the pit, allowing constant monitoring of the milking process. Optionally, DeMax can also operate the entry/exit gates and the fast exit front gates. The control of the indexing function is a further option.
Less work when starting and finishing milking
One press of a button is sufficient to move all the clusters into milking position. If the EasyStart option is installed, milking starts automatically when the cluster is lifted - no need even to press a button. After milking, DeMax makes it just as easy to move the cluster to the rinsing position with one touch of a button. And what is really special: no need to wait for the last cow in the group, the vacuum can be switched off on each individual unit to allow the clusters to be positioned for the rinsing phase.
All the electronic components are well protected from wet and dirt in the upper part of the DeMax unit, which is the successor to the ACR series, of which over 100,000 have been sold. The housing is carefully designed to minimize noise during milking also.
Other technical information:
Removal threshold value can be adjusted in 50 g increments
(from 100 – 1000 g/min)
Pulse frequency adjustable from 30-200 pulses /min
Pulse ratio adjustable in 1 % increments
<|endofexample|>
Atmos x Bun B x Milkcrate x ASAP Rocky
It went down in Harlem last Friday night... The launch event for the Milkcrate x Bun B collaboration and the Fall Milkcrate drop...Bun B was all the way live in the building, ft Aaron LaCrate & Square Biz on the decks and then ASAP Rocky and the Mob turned it up for Harlem.. Shout out to Atmos for hosting this crazy event...
<|endofexample|>
Admirals Set Pre-Season Slate
Aug 23, 2007
Milwaukee, WI--Milwaukee Admirals President Jon Greenberg announced today that the team will play three exhibition games, presented by Weight Watchers, prior to the start of the 2007-08 regular season. The match-ups include two home contests at Milwaukee area ice rinks as well as the first ever game for the Lake Erie Monsters.
The Ads open exhibition play on Wednesday, September 26th at 7:00 pm versus their rival Chicago at the Glacier Ice Arena in Vernon Hills, IL. Tickets for the game are $10 each and can be purchased starting on September 4th by calling the rink at (847) 362-1222.
The Lake Erie Monsters, new to the American Hockey League this season, will travel to Wisconsin for their first professional game on Thursday, September 27th at 7:00 pm at the Mullett Ice Center in Hartland, WI. Tickets for the game are $10 and can be purchased in person at the rink, Hockey Haven in Brookfield, or All-Star Hockey in Delafied or by calling the Mullett Ice Center Business Office at (262) 369-3600.
The Admirals will finish their pre-season slate with a 7:00 pm match-up versus the Wolves on Saturday, September 29th at 7:00 pm at the Kern Center on the campus of the Milwaukee School of Engineering. Tickets will be $10 and will go on sale on Monday, August 27th. athletic department will pay just $5.
Weight Watchers is the official sponsor of the Admirals Training Camp and all preseason games. In addition, the Ads and Weight Watchers have joined forces on The President’s Club, a special program designed for Admirals fans to attend meetings prior to games and join in a weight loss program with team President Jon Greenberg.
<|endofexample|>
Congratulations to Breann Fry from Bay City who won the NBC25 Great Kid of the Month for November. Breann is seven-years-old.
About 2 months ago she came to her parents and said that she wanted to help somebody with cancer.
She came up with the idea of collecting returnable cans and raised over $1500 for a little girl with leukemia. The fundraiser was called cans for cancer.
As the NBC25 Great Kid of the Month, Breann has won two nights accomdations at Mountain Grand Lodge and Spa and three days use of Avalanche Bay Indoor Water Park for up to a family of four at Boyne Mountain Resort.
If you at home know a child who has made a difference in their community to go to our website and nominate them for NBC25's Great Kids.
Related Links
<|endofexample|>
Bosnik's clutch, two-out single in 9th gives Loons 3-2 win over Dayton
MIDLAND -- The Great Lakes Loons rallied from behind Saturday night with third baseman Jesse Bosnik hitting the game-winning single to give the Loons their first walk-off victory of the season. The 3-2 win, enjoyed by 3,101 Loons fans in attendance, snapped the Dayton Dragons' six-game win streak and prevented the series sweep.
Down 2-1, a deep hit to the centerfield wall from Loons catcher Michael Pericht allowed Roman Pena to score the equalizer in the seventh inning. Then in the ninth, Pena reached base on a single and advanced to third on a two-out single from Chris Henderson. Next up for the Loons was Bosnik, who had gone 0-for-3 prior to his at-bat in the ninth. After a sighting from Rall E Camel on the video board, Bosnik knocked a fly ball to the warning track that split the outfielders to bring Pena home for the win.
Bosnik made it all the way to second base before his teammates enclosed him to celebrate the victory. The walk-off win was the first of his professional career and he was rewarded with a shaving cream pie to the face during his on-field interview, a running Loons tradition for game-winning at-bats.
“You know that’s every baseball player’s dream and that’s why you work so hard and put yourself in those situations to be able to succeed,” Bosnik said after the game, the collar of his jersey still coved with shaving cream. “It’s an unbelievable feeling. You’re up there, your adrenaline is pumping, you don’t want to let your teammates down, and to come through is the best feeling in the world. There’s nothing like it.”
The Loons put the initial run on the board in the second inning with an infield groundout that scored Pena from third, but the Dragons quickly mounted a lead of their own. In the fourth, Yorman Rodriguez doubled to score Donald Lutz, who hit a solo home run in the sixth to give Dayton the 2-1 lead. Meanwhile, Dayton’s pitchers were in the process of retiring 17 straight Loons hitters.
“We were struggling to put some hits together you know,” Bosnik said of Dayton starter Josh Smith. “He was commanding his fast ball on both sides of the plate, keeping us off balance and doing a good job, but we just kept knocking at the door and finally pushed through there.”
Pitching for the Loons was Red Patterson, who allowed Dayton’s only two runs on six hits through five innings of work. The righty fanned four and walked four. Picking up three innings of relief work was Pete Budkevics, who struck out the side in the eighth before closer Shawn Tolleson pitched the ninth to pick up his first win of the season.
The Loons racked up nine strikeouts in the win to add $40 to Deloitte’s running total, which will be donated by Deloitte to five local non-profits organizations at the end of the season as a part of Deloitte’s K’s for Kids program.
Notes: Christian Lara’s double in the first inning extended his hit-streak to seven games. Pena hit a triple to extend his extra-base hit-streak to three games. He has five hits in his last three games, four have went for extra bases.
The Loons hit the road for a nine-game trip that schedules the team to play the Lansing Lugnuts, Bowling Green Hot Rods and South Bend Silver Hawks. RHP Zach Lee (2-0, 1.29) will step to the hill against Lansing’s RHP Casey Lawrence (1-1, 3.46). All home and away games are broadcast live on ESPN 100.9-FM.
The Great Lakes Loons are a fifth-year Single-A partner of the Los Angeles Dodgers and members of the Midwest League. For more information about the Loons, visit Loons.com or call 989-837-BALL.
<|endofexample|>
:
RobotC Homepage
RobotC Forums
<|endofexample|>
GREAT?
Will you STILL chose to IGNORE the statements of over 250 people? Will you STILL chose to COVER UP a fraud currently standing at 375 MILLION EUROS?
HOW much do you get paid by Resort Properties to turn a blind eye? Is it REALLY enough to EASE your conscience?
And to the RDO, what do you have to say?
Will you STILL ignore the fact that one of your BIGGEST members, indeed one of your LEADING spokespeople for the RDO and the timeshare industry, MR MARK CUSHWAY has being indicted for his involvement in a MULTI MILLION EURO FRAUD?
Really, WHAT MORE NEEDS TO HAPPEN? HOW MUCH MORE PROOF DO YOU NEED?
Maybe when ALBERTO GARCIA and the RDO are also indicted because of their involvement in this SCAM my questions will be answered……….
Oh, and MR GARCIA in case you can’t find this PUBLIC document here is the letter from the State Prosecutor AND an extract from the OFFICIAL document listing the people who have been indicted.
Dear Mrs Wilson
We too have been conned out of our life savings by this company. The upset and stress this has caused has been at times unbearable. All we want is to get out money back and get our lives back on track. We believed like everyone else that these people were our friends and never believed they could rip us off in such a cruel and calculated way – how do these people sleep at night? What if their parents had been conned out of their life savings? Someone has to put a stop to this and I hope with enough people coming together we can get these crooks closed down for good.
Our nightmare began in 2008 with a telephone call offering us 1 week’s holiday with Resort Properties in Tenerife at the Hollywood Mirage. This was with the condition of attending a presentation whilst we were there. Confident of our ability to resist their sales talk we agreed.
Once there a sales rep. Called Gordon McClennan visited us to make an appointment at their sales office.
The presentation lasted about 6 hours. At the onset we made it very clear we would not buy anything, his reply was that he did not want to sell us any time share, but that he could show us a way to make some money.
This involved buying several weeks in their properties with the assurance they would be resold in a year or two at a good profit. All the doubts and queries we raised
were answered in such a way it did seem possible to double our money.
The sales manager Carl joined the meeting and re-enforced the advantages of the deal. Finance was quickly arranged with Barclays Partner Finance for £25,000. We were told they would push the sales through, saying until the resale they would not get their commission.
A few days later having spent our supposed holiday time worrying about what we had committed to, we returned to the sales office to cancel the agreement. We expected some unpleasantness but that they would have to agree. Gordon said he understood our concerns but he would speak to his manager Carl to see if he could offer us a very special deal not available to everybody.
This turned out to be the original deal plus one week 2 in a City Paradiso apartment. Plus they would give us a free apartment week at Hollywood mirage to be sold by them as a priority to pay the finance whilst the other properties were sold. We agreed and Barclays finance loaned another £23,000.
We were told we could bank all the weeks with them or use them. They would rent the weeks from us for promotional use or to other owners wanting extra weeks.
During our meetings with Carl and Gordon we were made to feel they believed in their product and genuinely wanted us to make money with them. We had stated we have family commitments in Australia so needed money for air fares on a regular basis and were worried the deal may prevent this again we were reassured we would have more not less money in one to two years time.
When we returned to Tenerife thirteen months, no money had been earned from apartment rental nor anything sold.
The same sales rep Gordon met us and arranged an appointment. They we were told that due to the world economic climate no sales were likely to take place other than for a small fraction of their value involving us losing most of our money.
He said he could rescue the situation and safeguard our money and even make us more. This involved them buying back our weeks, except the City and selling us another city week, telling us two weeks were a much more attractive selling proposition, that potential buyers would prefer.
With the balance from the six weeks this would still cost £25,000. Believing we had to do this in order not to lose our money we agreed. Again Barclay Finance gave the loan. The fact that Gordon had taken us out to lunch with his wife, took us out for evening drinks and introduced us to his young son made it impossible to believe he was cheating us. He even gave us his personal mobile number. We were made to feel he personally wanted us to make money for us and our family. By now we had spent £70,500.
When Silver Point took over Resort Properties business they were the only ones to contact us saying our contract would be unchanged and the sales would go ahead. We tried to contact Gordon several times at the office but were always told he was out and he would ring us back. We later found out he did not work for Silver Point.
When we returned to Tenerife in August 2011, a rep from Silver point called at our apartment and said we must make an appointment with her for our own sakes. At this appointment she told us that all resales had been stopped and the only way we would be able to sell in 2014/2015 when resales started again was if we joined their Registry, this involved access to many more holidays not just the few Paradiso accessed, making it a much more attractive product.
We made it very clear we had no more money to spend but were told this deal would let us get our money back with profit in the future.
Once again we felt we had no choice but to agree. The fee they stated was £25,000 but they would take the wk at Hollywood Mirage and Beverley Hills we still had, they gave us 1 week at Palm Beach, then the deal would cost us £12,000. This involved continuing maintenance payments. Again Barclay Finance agreed the loan; at no time in all the deals were any representative from bank or finance company present.
Due to the very high rate of interest charged by the finance company all the loans were paid off using our savings. Now instead of myself retiring I have to continue working as the security of our savings has gone. This is causing problems with my physical health and I have to take antidepressants as a result of all the stress.
This business is almost always on our minds and at times causes stress in our relationship. Our total spend has been £82,500 plus all the maintenance fees which we never received any projections for.
Keith
Great news about Resort Properties. Let’s hope that these guys get exactly what they deserve.
Looks like the dogs are barking now Mr Garcia!
I know from the many comments I have received that you were all following my conversation with Mark Cushway on yesterday the 19th April.
Obviously what I had posted hit the right spot with Mr Cushway because he finally responded! And it definitely rattled a few cages elsewhere because this morning the whole thread was removed due to “legal reasons”
What a shame because after what I have to admit was a somewhat sarcastic response to his first comment (which I felt was just another attempt to fob us all off) I was delighted when he posted his “direct” contact number and pledged to deal with my case personally.
I informed him that my lawyer would contact him immediately and felt happy that at last we seemed to be getting somewhere.
However my happiness was somewhat premature!
My lawyer did call him on his “direct” number, which is actually a direct line to his secretary who informed my lawyer that he wouldn’t be back in the office until Monday!!
So looks like his heartfelt plea of innocence and his public declaration that all complaints would be dealt with by him personally with speed and efficiency can wait until Monday.
I will keep you all posted!!
This is Fantastic news, well done all that has been involved. Silver Point/Resort Properties, RDO & Garcia stand up and be counted.
Misrepresentation by Resort Properties/Silverpoint.
I write on behalf of my wife and myself.
We were first introduced to Resort Properties by having “won” a holiday in one of their resorts which we realised when we arrived there was conditional upon accepting a presentation from Resort Properties. Now we cannot escape the very strong feeling that we have been conned out of our savings as follows:-
1. At the above first meeting in September 2000 we were coerced into purchasing 6 time share weeks as an investment having been told that by buying 6 we got them at well below market value so would be able to be sold by them at a considerable profit. We signed an agreement that enabled Resort Properties to hold the certificates for all the units to facilitate their resale. We did not “need” any of these weeks but understood that we should dispose of them quite quickly. None of these assurances were included in the paperwork we received.
All subsequent meetings we were persuaded to attend we were assured would only take a morning out of our holiday but invariably we were held there for at least 8 hours.
In June 2001 we were told that 4 of the weeks had been sold at a small profit so we bought 5 more weeks. At no time were we told the names of buyers and, although advised of the proceeds of sale, we had no way of checking on this. We now realize this was just a bait to reel us more securely into their system because in October 2001 we took their advice to sign an agreement considerably reducing the asking price for each week to less than we had paid for them. Further we later discovered that we were liable for the payment of the maintenance fees on all the apartment weeks we now owned.
2. Early in 2002, we are not sure of the precise date we were again coerced into buying a 2 bedroom apartment, Island, in Club Paradiso. We were persuaded by their offering us their acceptance of our time share holdings as part payment as a way of reducing our maintenance costs and the assurance that if we owned a 2 bedroom unit we should always be able to take 2 weeks holiday in a 1 bedroom unit thereby saving on maintenance costs. This assurance was honoured for 1 year only after which we were told we could no longer have this exchange, so clearly they lied to us because we now understand that 1 Island membership is considered to be equal to 2 City memberships. (City = 1 bedroom entitlement).
3. We were coerced, yet again, in October 2007 into converting our interest in Club Paradiso from an Island to 2 City holdings at a cost of £13,950. We were advised that :- a City was in greater demand than an Island so would sell more easily; that Cities were currently selling at £30,000 and were appreciating in value at a steady rate; that Resort Properties would start doing resales of Club Paradiso interests in 2 years time. We therefore accepted that there would be a considerable increase in maintenance fees but believed that we should be able to dispose of our 2 City holdings in 2009 for at least £60,000. None of these promises were confirmed in the paperwork. In 2009 we were told that resales were not yet being undertaken but the situation would be reviewed in 2 years time.
4. At no time at any of our meetings with Resort Properties representatives were we given a realistic estimate of the escalating costs of maintenance fees nor were we advised of our cancellation rights during the cooling off period, on the contrary we believed that we might loose our deposit if we did not complete the purchase within the specified time. We had been put under considerable pressure to pay the deposit immediately.
5. Early last year we received a letter from Silverpoint advising us that they had taken over Resort Properties and extolling the many ways in which they would be giving us a better service than we had from Resort Properties. We then wrote to them by email asking them to sell our 2 Cities. We were advised that they could not yet deal with resales but the situation would be reviewed in 2 years time, so no change. We now believe that this was not a takeover but just a change of name. We did not receive any advice of the “take over” from Resort Properties. It would seem that Resort Properties/Silverpoint intend that we should never be able to rescind the contract for the 2 Cities so we have no other option but to refer to the court.
6. When we first met Resort Properties I was 69 and my wife 68, now we are both 80. We have spent £50,000 at Resort Properties and received about £5,000 for the few sales they obtained and we must have spent nearly £10,000 on maintenance fees. This is NOT what I would call a good investment. NOTHING they have promised us about this investment has materialized – in fact it’s the complete opposite – it has just become a financial burden around our necks
We were cajoled, pressured and lied to at every turn.
We now believe that people should be warned about Resort Properties/Silverpoint. Do not believe the reps/managers when they tell you that your purchase is an investment – I have first-hand experience that it isn’t.
Make sure ALL the verbal promises that they make you are written into the contract
If they refuse to include the verbal promises in the contract then DO NOT SIGN ANYTHING.
I have
Jack
We want to share our experience with Resort Properties and hope it acts as a warning to others.
We feel very strongly that the misrepresentation and duplicity we experienced at the hands of the Resort Properties sales team needs to be stopped so that others do not suffer like we have.
We both attended what we were told would be a “brief meeting” in early 2006.
During October 2006 my wife returned on her own to ascertain the state of our investment
NOTHING we were promised about this “investment” has materialised. We had to take out an extended mortgage to pay for it and it has not realised us one single penny.
Words cannot adequately describe the feelings that we are left with. They do not answer our phone calls or emails and we are left with worthless paper and a high annual maintenance bill.
NEVER sign any contract with these people unless EVERYTHING they have promised you is written clearly in the contract
John
We were offered a holiday in Feb 2008 with Resort Properties at their Palm Beach Club in Playa de las Americas, whilst there, one of the holiday conditions was for us to speak with one of their agents., this we did.
This meeting lasted from 10am to 5pm, at the start they requested to see our Credir Cards to prove that we had something “concrete” with us (which they kept so that we could not leave).
During this meeting we were offered the chance of an “investment” in Palm Beach Resort, which we considered but decided that the amount of money was too large, but after a further 8 hours trundling round their other properties and being talked to, we were brain weary and to get away we agreed to a reduced amount of investment, imagine our surprise when we received timeshare documents in return for £1,000.00 deposit taken by credit card there and then, we told them that we were no longer interested in them, but we had no choice… even in which apartment or time of year and nothing was said about how to use them, or that we would have to pay maintenance on them, and nothing was mentioned about a cooling-off period.
During our meeting we were told that if we made this investment we would be able to return the following year to get our money back plus interest. This experience left me extremely upset, but they had me over a barrel and we had to pay a further £14,000.00 when we got home to England.
Determined to get our money back we returned the following year only to be told that as the market had fallen we could not get anything back and we were the proud owners of 4 “timeshare weeks”. However… we could invest further into their next project “Paradise Club” which involved a finance agreement with Barclays for £40,000.00. Again having kept us for over 8 hours we signed up, just to get out of the room. I then had the most traumatic night and the next morning after reading through the papers I found a “get-out clause” and wrote letters to the agents there and their head office and also to Barclays Finance to cancel all agreements that we had been pressured in to.
Having heard nothing further from Palm Beach Club it was a surprise to us when Silverpoint stared to write to us asking questions about our timeshare weeks, no one had informed us of the take-over of the company.
Having regularly paid the maintenance money to Palm Beach it was a puzzle as to what Silverpoint was talking about. Again neither Silverpoint nor Resort Properties informed us about the takeover.
As a result of our dealings with Resort Properties I have suffered a breakdown, we have taken £15,000.00 from our life savings AND we are over £1,000.00 worse off every year by having to pay the maintenance money.
This was not an investment – we haven’t seen a single penny
At a later date when i tried to speak at the reception desk in Palm Beach, for help, none was forthcoming and they told me to speak with Resort Property management, but they were not available as their offices were deserted.
The worst part was when we received the certificate 29 months later we found that we were committed until 2036 and as we are age 70 and 79 this debt would be passed on to our family, to whom it would come as a complete shock. As a result of our dealings with Resort Properties we feel weak and frail and unable to trust anyone.
Of course all the verbal assurances regarding our “investment” are nowhere to be seen in our contracts. We want to warn people NOT to sign ANYTHING with this company until you have had time to read the contract in full and make sure everything you have been promised is in there. Don’t let the sales people bully you and even if they keep you there for hours just walk away.
I wouldn’t want anyone else to go through what we have gone through
Derek
In February 2009 I was offered a promotion week at Resort Properties Tenerife. I was sold timeshare weeks as an “investment”, I was told by the sales person and his superior that they would cost £25,000. I advised them that I could not afford this but they offered to arrange a loan with Barclays Bank which I accepted. It was arranged that i would return in a year’s time when they would sell the properties for £25,000 and i would be left with one property as a profit.
When I returned the following February 2010 I was told that they could not sell the properties but they stated that they had a solution. I was sold a penthouse for £10,000 and they took back all the weeks except one. I agreed to buy the second week as Debbie Tervit (sales person), was to arrange rental of the property and this lease of £1,200 would help to cover the costs of maintenance. This did not happen!
I visited the resort in October 2010 on an RCI week. Debbie stated that she would put the weeks up for sale as she had advised me in February 2010 to come out of RCI points.
When i returned to the resort in March 2011 I was advised by Debbie Tervit that the properties had been taken over by “Silverpoint”. This was the first time I had been informed of the “Silverpoint” ownership. I was advised by Debbie that Silverpoint were only selling properties that were in the system and my weeks were not in the system. She tried to sell me another deal with Silverpoint, which I refused, since then no further contact has been made.
I now realise that what I was told was all lies. I invested my capital in good faith, I then had to sell my house quickly at a loss to pay the loan. This whole experience has been a nightmare and even thinking about it makes me very emotional and angry both with myself and Resort Properties.
I hope your blog warns everyone against these people and at the very least makes them get everything they are told IN WRITING – I wouldn’t want anyone to suffer like we have.
Elizabeth
Our unfortunate history with Resort Properties began in July 2006 when staying at Beverley Hills. We were approached by Mr Stephen Coster and invited to Hollywood Mirage. We spent most of that day being cleverly persuaded that, although happy with our holiday arrangements, to buy one of their Time Share Apartments.
Their sales pitch was very powerful—” we would have so much freedom to holiday anywhere, at very little expense”!
We were again contacted the next day. Mr Coster told us that we could be “lucky enough” to be given a chance to enter their “re-sale, buy to sell scheme” This was usually only offered to members who had owned one of their Time Shares for at least one year—in our case they would make an exception! Manager Barry Fox was involved too in assuring us that this was a very good “make a profit deal” They would sell us 5 apartments– “easy to sell—and we would almost certainly be back next year to purchase more.” £18,626 was required. After spending another day in their offices we finally agreed. When the agreement was drawn up Barry Fox had kindly given us 8 apartments. Little did we realise till to late, that this was to their advantage not ours! Maintenance was hardly mentioned and we eventually needed to pay £3,056 for 2007 and £3,056 in 2008 With none being sold by October 2007 we returned to Tenerife They then managed to sell one for £2,500, after hours spent complaining of our distress and problems with money.
The sales team’s answer to our problem was to offer an opportunity to buy into their “flagship” venture Paradiso! We were very reluctant to do so. We wanted our money back, not more properties. Their sales technique was so powerful we almost went ahead. We were able to cancel the agreement with Barclays Partner Finance before we left Tenerife feeling very depressed and ill with worry.
After many anxious phone calls, they sold one other unit at the reduced price of £1,500 in January 2008
In October2008 we again went to Tenerife where the pressure to buy into Paradiso was resumed. Stephen Coster, maybe Barry and another man Bruce together with manager Carl Jenkins, assured us that the way to make a profit on the money spent was to own a Paradiso Apartment. They would buy back our remaining six apartments for £750 each and we could use the ‘princely ‘ sum of £4,500 for a Barclay loan monthly repayment until the apartment would be sold within two years.
In October 2009 they tried to sell us another week as nothing was happening with the ONE week saying, “TWO weeks will be easier to sell to rich Americans !”
Over the past five years we have made numerous calls. Their duplicitous behavior has left us worried and depressed. We feel quite desperate at the money we owe and are expected to pay in maintenance.
I hope our dealings with this company act as a warning to others – do not trust anything they say unless you have it in writing.
The “investment” we were sold is just a terrible financial burden which we regret every single day and we hope that in joining the legal proceedings we will at least get out money back and be released from this stress.
LK
This is a true and honest account of my dealings with Resort Properties. This company has lied and cheated me over a period of 13 years. None of their promises have ever amounted to anything and in posting this message I hope I can warn others. NEVER sign anything on the day – no matter how long they hold you or how convincing their “this is a one-time offer” pitch is. ALWAYS take the contract away and ALWAYS make sure the verbal promises which they make you are in the contract – if they are not the WALK AWAY.
1st of November 1998 I was persuaded to purchase G401 Duplex apartment in Beverly Hills Club by our rep John Borrows and S. Lewis for 5850£ with an investment portfolio of 10 various apartments at a price of 19454£ to be resold at a profit within 12 months.
They were eventually sold for 11723.25£ a loss of 7730.75£
15th of March 2000 I was sold J702 Beverly Hills Heights for 6525£ by John Borrows with a promise to sell for 12000£ to help to recover the above loss of 7730.75£, but unfortunately he was not able to sell it and I was left with it. Once again in March 2002 John Borrows made a very special deal at 16000£ for an Island apartment in the un built Paramount. Because I purchase off plan I was told it was half price.
24th of September 2002 another half price deal on a City apartment for 9385£, as they were now planning to resell in 2 years at not less than 20000£.
8th of March 2003 another good deal on a City apartment for 9385£ for which they paid me 3000£ for my Beverly Hills Club G401 apartment, as it was their policy to keep Club Paradiso clients separate now – Ref Barry Fox, still with the promise to sell after 2 years.
Mark Rowe became our rep in October 2006 and after spending 6 hours in the office scribbling various examples on pads of paper exchanging Cities for Islands at a cost of £25253 financed through Barclays Partner finance . I now had 2 Islands (T.O. J. Perry) resales now still in 2 yrs time, and was told “don’t worry what completions say – they don’t know the sales time scales.”
12 of March 2007. Mark Rowe and Kevin Hewitt again spent 10 hours in the office to be “persuaded” to buy another Island with a resale package to pay for the £25000 cost. Mark Rowe now is going to be in his office in charge of selling the new Jamaica Resort in conjunction with the Paramount so he would personally look after selling our Club Paradiso units as soon as Jamaica sales began. The resale package never happened of Club Paradiso resales.
30th of October 2007 Mark Rowe and John Exley about 8 hours in the office again swapping units around, exchanging, promising quick sales now that Isalnds were swapped up for an Ocean apartment + another cost of only 12762£. Now I really did not know what I owned but it would still be resold within 2 years – the magic but illusive 2 years!
12 of March 2008 G. Teirnan and Mark Rowe 6 more hours in the office now sold “resale package” of 25000£, which later turned out to be a rental package on which maintenance would be charged of about 3457£ for a year 2009. Forced to have another Barclays Partner finance loan account
12 of October 2008 a very traumatic visit to the office – still no resales. Stuart O’Dell and another were pressurising us. I found out the above rental package had not happened and demanded it was sold before the year ended to avoid a large maintenance bill.
After much heated talking Carl Jenkins (Manager) was called to the table and said that the only way to get rid of the Ocean apartment he would change it for an Island Platinum with the boat. My wife by now was in tears because she was forced into a loan as I had one already. This would cost her 16352£ but the good news was that he would sell all the rental package before the end of the year, we could rent the boat out for 7000£ a week for the next 2 years, so the loan was paid for at the end of 2 years, and he would [personally see that we are No 10 on the resale list. Of course the boat has never been rented out but one of the units was sold and the unsold one was a subject to a solicitors’ letter to me to pay the maintenance fee. When I inquired why it was not sold I was told it was listed in somebody else’s will. After many phone calls and e-mails I was finally reimbursed when Debbie Zamora sold it + the maintenance fee. My wife’s loan with Barclays Partner Finance started on the 28th of October 2008.
October the 10th 2011. We have escaped for 3 years, having a phone call from Karen Day on arrival in Paramount as she was now my personal dedicated Silverpoint Rep and only she would look after me. I told her that I was not going to part with any more money, she replied:”I am not going to sell you anything, just explain Silverpoint to you”.
Next day up in the office she explained Silverpoint was nothing to do with Resort Properties, it was an entirely new company and concept and Resort Properties had refused to give Silverpoint the client list unless they paid £5000000 (in true Resort Properties style). Karen Day said: “I don´t know anything about you and about what you own”, I said that I owe 2 Islands and 2 Islands Platinum. “Oh my God! You´ve got a boat! Silverpoint don´t want boats as they are just rotting in the water and by the end of next year a repair/maintenance bill of about 12000£ will be sent to any owner, I must get you out of this now. The way out is to swap The Island Platinum for 2 Cities. This is a good mix – 2 Islands and 2 Cities as the maintenance on 2 Cities will be less than an Island Platinum. This will also help with resales, now the only problem with this is all Paramount and Club Paradiso units sold from this time on will have “the registry collection” included” (Some wonderful new rip off I have not yet found how to access or use)
“The problem is that when I come to resell your units in 2014 who do you think will want to pay the same price for your units as those with the registry collection, not many or anyone. So to change your Island Platinum to 2 Cities and join all 4 units onto the same playing field to be sold in 2014 with the registry collection.
I can do this for 30.000£,
we will give you a rental of 3500£ for a Hollywood Mirage Club unit and a credit card with 3500£ from Silverpoint Vacation Club. You can have a Silverpoint Company loan from HMC Ltd for £12785 and the rest from Barclays Partner Finance for 17215£”
The monies promised did not come on the dates stated. I phoned “my personal dedicated rep” only to get a Spanish answer phone, then I phoned 3 times to the office asking her to phone me. She did not bother so I e-mailed Jane Burton, the completions officer, requesting my payment, – no answer. I e-mailed a stronger second request to which I finally received a cheque payment 3 weeks later. By now the credit card promised for January 2012 was 6 weeks overdue so I e-mailed Jane Burton again strongly requesting final payment, to which she replied that she would send a cheque as they were having trouble with the card company. The cheque has finally arrived on the 5th of April 2012.
Looking back on 13 years dealing with Resort Properties/Silverpoint, after Silverpoint took over a lot of faces behind desks were the same: Barry Fox, Stuart O´Dell and even John Borrows, who had retired some years before from Resort Properties. Wandered through to join a reps negotiations and good old
Mark Cushway
was still CEO. So not much had changed in a new company.What do I think of Resort Properties/Silverpoint that once they get you in the loop they promise you an investment with good returns, they lie, cheat, do not intend to resell. They force people to get loans to give Silverpoint money with no cost to themselves, they intimidate people by threatening not to sell if you don´t keep doing their scams. They specifically target older people and are ruthless in their tactics. I have never seen a contract or any legal document specific to my dealings. I believe them to be fraudulent in most cases and criminal in many and law breakers.
R & M
In February 2008 we went to Hollywood Mirage. We were invited to an ‘interview’ with Matthew Harper. In no uncertain terms my daughter and I both stressed that I was not going to purchase a time-share under any circumstances. Once he realised that I was not interested, he said that he might be able to make a special offer. He left us and returned having spoken to someone to get authorisation to make this special offer.
It appeared that it involved in my investing some money in return for which I would be given time-share apartments which would be put up for sale and I would receive the cost of the apartments plus 15% interest within 8 months to a year. It was made clear to us that other people had benefited from this arrangement. In fact we were taken to some superior apartments where we were told that one person had been able to afford to purchase an apartment there by buying apartments and trading up, ie buying and selling and receiving interest on his investment each time He asked how much I could afford to invest to which I said I could afford £10,000. As a result I was given documents relating to three time-share apartments – two weeks in Hollywood Mirage and one in Beverley Hills. Matthew Harper said that he would see me in the following February (2009) and, as I had no intention of returning to Tenerife, I was puzzled as to why he assumed that I would return. Matthew Harper then handed me over to a person who rushed me through several documents which I signed. I also paid a deposit of £1000.
When I returned home I paid the balance of £9,248
I received £1,500 which I was told represented rental, and through inter flora a plant from Matthew Harper with a card say ‘Best wishes. Matthew Harper’..
In January 2009 I paid maintenance fees totalling £1,110.71. At my initial meeting I was not told that I would have to pay maintenance fees, nor how much their maintenance fees were.
I had a phone call asking for details of my return to Tenerife in February 2009. I said that I would not be returning to Tenerife as I had only invested money in order to gain interest of 15%. I was told that the purpose of the visit was to discuss the selling price of the apartments. The sum of £10,000 was suggested and I agreed although it was less than I had paid originally, and it did not take the maintenance fees I had paid into consideration.
In December 2009 and January 2010 I paid maintenance fees again and a ‘payment fee’ totalling £1416.73.
February 2010 I received an Agreement to List for Resale form. I did not understand why it was necessary as my original agreement with Matthew Harper was that I bought in order to sell. I had no intention of using the apartments. There were several clauses in the Agreement to List for Resale form which was unknown to me before I received it, but I signed it and returned it to Resort Properties.
In October 2010 I wrote to Resort Properties asking if they would put them up for sale at a much-reduced price of £2000 each as I did not want to continue to pay maintenance fees for weeks I only bought as an investment.
In February 2011 I paid maintenance fees again totalling £1031.16 because the weeks were still not sold.
March 2011 I sought legal advice and my case is now progressing against Resort Properties.
This company and its representatives lied when they told me I was buying an “investment” and I believe they were fully aware of this when they convinced me to part with my money.
Just like everyone else all this has turned out to be is a financial burden and I would warn anyone against dealing with this company.
VO
This statement is a true record of my dealings with Resort Properties. Like so many others on your blog we have suffered both financially and emotionally at the hands of these people. I hope everyone reading this blog takes warning – do not trust anything this company or its representatives tell you – they are not selling investments – far from it – the whole “investment” sales pitch is just a deliberated and pre orchestrated scam designed to get as much money out of you as possible. As for the “friendly” banter – do not get sucked in – once they have squeezed as much cash out of you as they possibly can you are abandoned. How do these people sleep at night? What if someone did this to their families?
July 2008
My wife and I booked into Beverly Hills Club (BHC) through a holiday-share company called “Freedom Vacation” who was based in Los Cristianos. We had bought a membership from this company for a fee of £11,000. (13,200. € approx). We were in possession of a fax and email giving details of this one week break at BHC.
On arrival at the airport we approached a BHC / Resort Properties representative who could not find our booking details for transfer to the resort. We had to make our own way to BHC. On arrival at BHC reception around 10.30pm we were informed that we were not booked in and they had no information about us. We were confused as we showed them the papers we had showing booking. We were allocated a room for the night as they would get a member of the sales team to check our booking the following morning.
The next morning a Mr Gordon… (Scottish man) visited us and said
We
We
In the year 2005 my wife and I holidayed at the Hollywood Mirage as part of an RCI exchange. During this time we were approached by a representative of Resort Properties and invited to a sales presentation at the resort.
During the presentation we were persuaded to purchase certain properties as an investment for the future. During this period we purchased three (3) properties valued at eight thousand five hundred and one pounds (8,501 pounds)
In order to complete the sale we were charged 500 pounds deposit payable on the day of purchase. The deposit was paid on my credit card. The transaction took place in the sales office of resort properties and the outstanding the amount of 8.001 pounds was duly paid.
In 2007 we revisited Hollywood Mirage and again attended a sales presentation, where we were introduced to the sales person Lena Jorgenson. Lena explained during the presentation that the next step was to invest in the Club Paradiso. Using the already owned weeks. It wasstipulated that this would be a good investment for the future, and would come at the right time to help with my pension plans.
Lena explained that the new investment in the Club Paradiso would cost 25,000 pounds. But that this could be recovered after two (2) years with interest. Showing some reluctance at such a large amount Lena called her manager to the table, an American/Canadian chap called Morris/Maurice.
The sales manager explained that upon completion of the two new sites in Jamacia and Dubai a resales office would be opened and that units presently held could be sold at a reasonable profit.
After her manager had left the table Lena re-iterated what he had said concerning the resales office. It was with this thought in mind that I decided to purchase the product.
Later that evening Lena took my wife and I to dinner and again stated that the resales office would open after a period of two (2) years. In fact I recall her exact words and I quote them verbatum “Untill The resales department is open and until we achieve your resale I will not receive any commission for the sale”.
This finally persuaded me to continue with the purchase.
Later in the week, prior to our leaving the resort week had an appointment with the completions manager in his office. During the meeting I asked him the question concerning the resales department. He again confirmed that the department would be set up within the period stipulated (2 Years). We left the meeting satisfied.
However the reality of it all is has now caught up with us. Nothing which they promised verbally has happened, there has been no “investment”, no “returns” and no “guaranteed sales” Our reality is that the bank loan and the maintenance payments have left us financially drained and struggling to make payments on time. In fact I have had to pay this year fees in three instalments.
Both my wife and I feel betrayed by these people who we trusted at the time. We are angry that they could do this to hard working people.
My health has also suffered due to the stress incurred, I now have to take medication for high blood pressure and stomach problems, none of which I had before all this occurred. The illness has caused me to take time off work causing further financial constraints.
Despite repeated phone calls to Resort Properties over the last 3 to 4 years and despite writing to them I have not received any form of satisfactory answers from their resale department.
They have recently written to me to say that a resales department “may open in 2015” but that there are no guarantees!
James
The following is a summary of our involvement with Resort Properties.
In November 2006 we had a holiday in Tenerife at The Beverly Hill Heights in Los Cristianos. During our stay we attended a presentation on Holiday ownership conducted by Paul Salih of Resort Properties. We arrived at 10 o’clock in the morning. Paul was pleasant and asked us about our family and holiday likes and aspirations.
Mr Salih spent a long time describing the product and its benefits. The presentation went on and he wasn’t making much headway with us as we didn’t want to buy anything and we explained that we had bought a time share week at the Island Residence Club, Golden Sands, Malta. He then proceeded to tell us that if we were lucky he might be able to do a special deal as the Island Residence Club in Malta was a sister company. This meant he may be able to offer us a chance of a membership in their elite club – ‘Club Paradiso’. He explained the concept and the resorts available and those which were in progress. However, it was getting late in the year and he didn’t know if there would still be any availability to do this “Special deal”. He then went off and spoke to somebody else in an office somewhere within the building. We began to get a little agitated and he was gone for quite some while. When he eventually came back to us he told us that he had been able to pull a few strings due to our association with their sister company.
The way it would work would be beneficial to all of us: the company, him and us. The cost would be £25,000 which apparently was a very good price, but it was NOT ours to keep although during the intervening period we would have the use of the Club Paradiso membership as though it was ours. However, in 2 ½ to 3yrs when the market had grown (he didn’t know when exactly), he would contact us and invite us out for a week’s holiday and we would sell it back to them for a minimum of what we had paid or, more likely, a profit for us of up to £10,000.
Mr Salih was quite insistent and very firmly said 
Dealings with Resort Properties during the period 2008 – 2012
In 2008 following a telephone ‘cold call’ we agreed to make a visit to Tenerife with free accommodation in one of Resort Properties Hotels in Tenerife on the understanding that we would attend a properties presentation whilst staying in the hotel.
The visit was arranged for August 2008 and on arrival a time was agreed for my wife and I to meet with one of their sales representatives, Mr Jamie Chanon. At the first meeting the presentation started with the properties owned by the company both in Tenerife and other locations identified with the opportunities of owning time share and ‘Club Paradiso’. As we had owned timeshare in Scotland since the 1980’s we told Jamie that we were aware of the potential advantages and exchange opportunities with companies like RCI which we had used for a number of years but did not consider timeshare as an opportunity to increase in unit value for future resale so our decision would need to be made in the light of what a purchase in Tenerife had to offer in terms of us using this for family holidays in Tenerife as using exchange companies was increasingly expensive once the yearly maintenance charges and repayment costs of any loan were taken into account.
At this stage Jamie changed tack and told us of a purchase scheme which allowed us to purchase a number of properties and showed us examples of clients who had bought six properties with the intention of selling them back to Resort Properties at a later date of typically one year. This buy back scheme worked on a principle of buying a number of properties which were split between studio, one bed and two bed units at a cost of £25,000. Financing was available over a 10 year period through Barclays and all we needed to do to start the purchase process was to leave a deposit of £1000 but this would be returned once the £25,000 had been paid through Barclay or any other finance deal arranged by ourselves or any other funding source we adopted. The properties had to be held for a minimum of 6 months following the purchase date at which time we would contact Resort Properties and they would market the properties on our behalf and that all clients who had done this to-date had all sold the properties purchased via the scheme and had all made a reasonable profit (£4,000 was quoted) on the purchases. It was also stated that there would be no maintenance payment invoiced during the first year of ownership. This first meeting took approximately 4 hours. Having requested time to consider what was being offered and the implications of such an undertaking. Another meeting was arranged for later that week.
At the second meeting I had a number of questions for Jamie (his responses are in blue) which included:
On the basis of the information given and having thought over this option we decided to go ahead with the intention of reselling these back after the 6 month time specified
Return Visit 2009
We met again with Jamie to discuss the non-sale of any of the properties within the portfolio by Resort Properties.
We were informed at this meeting that the units had gone on sale but that the market was ‘flat’ and as such we would probably not be able to sell all of the 6 units if any within the immediate future.
Having asked what would happen in such changes in the market at the first meeting in one of my questions above ( 8 ) and given a commitment by the company, it was suggested that I could either sell these privately, allow friends and family to use these on a payment basis for a week or two weeks or at least charge them the cost of maintenance until such time as the market improved. At no stage during this discussion was it offered that Resort Properties would attempt to rent these out on my behalf in an effort to reduce the financial implication of not selling these properties as they had said would happen.
An option of looking at transferring to a Club Paradiso property was mentioned with the difference in price paid by us. At this stage and following a heated discussion where I told Jamie I was extremely unhappy that they had not lived up to their commitment but that I was now expected to pay more money which would leave us with 1 week of the lowest exchange type of Club Paradiso Holiday in exchange for our £25,000 investment and would add another £18,000 for us to finance and to us this seemed like an opportunity for Resort Properties to get the six units back and an additional payment. Jamie informed me that he took offence at my statement and on that note we left the meeting.
A second meeting was then arranged by the company. The offer of changing to Paradiso was again offered and this time the offer was that each of the current units in the portfolio would be purchased from us for £690 per unit and that the free unit that we were given as part of the original purchase would be returned to them. This would free us from our commitment for the 7 current units we were, however still responsible for the maintenance of these units should they not be sold prior to the next maintenance period. At no stage were we told how they would dispose of these 7 weeks but must assume that they marketed them at the current market rate and not at the rate that the bought them back from us. With the offer to purchase paradise we would not need to pay maintenance for the first year. We were also informed that the Paradiso weeks were still being sold and that these were being sold to clients from Russians who wanted an entry route into Europe. If we wished Resort Properties would resell the unit on our behalf after a year.
Having discussed this with my wife we agreed to do this with the need to borrow an additional £18,000+ to get us through the next 12 months with a fixed loan period which would not change in a market that fluctuates on a daily basis.
We took out a loan for the additional monies involved but this produced a problem after the first 6 month non-payment period ended with Barclays maintained they were not informed by Resort Properties, who arranged the loan on our behalf, that we wished to pay over 10 years. They therefor wanted a payment of approximately £900 per month until such time as the £18,000 plus interest was paid. At this stage as paying £900 plus the £360 from the initial loan was not a viable option we decided to cash in some of the shares that I had purchased with my retirement pension to pay off this second loan in total but retain the first loan.
Since our last visit nothing they promised us with regards the “investment” we were sold has materialised. Having committed some £43,000 all I am now left with is a loan on which I still owe £20,000. We have seen nothing of the returns they promised us.
These people coerced me into believing that what I was purchasing was an investment – right from the outset they knew I didn’t want to own more timeshare weeks – I made it very clear I had no use for them.
I feel very bitter that I allowed myself to get trapped by these people and I hope that my letter acts as a warning to others.
Having received an invitation to take a promotional holiday at The Hollywood Mirage Resort in February 2008 we attended what turned out to be a day-long sales presentation.
The lady we met was introduced as ‘Sue’. As was always the case at subsequent meetings, the presentation started off with what became a lengthy description of personal background information with family photographs etc. As the day progressed, we were bombarded with information and optimistic forecasts of returns on our potential investments.
We were led to believe that figures in the region of 20% profit on our investment were achievable on resale.
We were also taken on a tour of various types and sizes of apartments on the complex. Having agreed to sign on for a range of 7 apartments, we were also provided with a celebratory meal after which we met with Sue and her husband Frank who later took us back to the complex in their car. We understand that Sue, further to being injured in a fall, subsequently left the company and returned to the UK.
Our next visit to The Hollywood Mirage was in April 2009 when we met their Representative, Matthew Lowe. At this presentation, which also lasted well into late afternoon, we were told that it had not been possible to release the properties for resale?
We were told that Resort Properties would, however, be prepared to buy back our weeks if we agreed to invest in their ‘exclusive’ Paradiso product.
The Paradiso scheme apparently offered extremely high quality holiday accommodation, and again offered the benefit of excellent levels of returns on the investment within a period of up to 2 years. We were taken to see the apartments at their nearby Paramount complex. Further to that visit and what was a very persuasive and convincing sales pitch, we agreed to make a purchase as described.
In October 2010, we again visited the offices of Resort Properties where we met a female Representative called Jo. We were again invited to look through numerous and varied family photograph albums, and to admire a selection of trophies she had won for being the most successful sales person etc. Jo also told us that she was engaged to be married to one of their Managers, whose name was, we believe, David. We eventually arrived at the point of the meeting when we were to discuss our Paradiso membership. We were again advised that Paradiso memberships had not yet been released for resale! We were however assured by her Manager, David, that due to our circumstances, our membership would be given a ‘high priority’ when re-selling started.
During a further visit to Tenerife in July 2011, we arranged a face-to-face meeting with Mr Alan Goode ( the person we had been calling and emailing since our last visit) to yet again discuss our Paradiso membership. Mr Goode’s colleague, a Mrs Shirley Spinks, also attended this meeting. Jointly, they confirmed that resale of this product had yet to begin. However, they did offer us an ‘AGREEMENT TO LIST FOR RESALE’ for the sum of £15,000.00. They stated that this would still not guarantee if (or when) they would be in a position to re-sell our membership. Because the Barclays Partner Finance loan for our Paradiso investment, (not taking into account the loan interest), was for the sum of £22964.00., this latest ‘offer’ represented a further loss of £7964.00. This despite the fact we had previously been assured we could expect a healthy return on our investment We therefore decided to decline.
So, here we are. Like everyone else we were coerced into buying what we thought was an investment – but the reality is that its just one big scam.
Our experiences with Resort Properties has not only left us with a huge financial burden it has also caused us a great deal of stress, worry and concern. My husband’s health has been so badly affected by all this that he has had to seek medical attention
We wouldn’t want anyone to suffer like we have and I hope our dealings with this company act as a warning to others.
DO NOT BELIEVE ANYTHING THIS COMPANY TELLS YOU.
We were first contacted via telephone to inform us that we had won a week’s holiday in the Beverly Hills Club.
This was a free week, all we had to do was pay for our flights.
During this weeks holiday we were asked to attend a presentation that lasted the whole day.
This was carried out by a lady called Angela, who used a great deal of emotional pressure towards both my wife and myself, by making my wife feel as though she would be failing her husband who had worked hard all his life, by denying him the pleasure of regular holidays.
At the same time I should be doing all I could to provide my wife with the luxury of having regular holidays to look forward too, and wouldn’t I feel as though I was a financial failure if I couldn’t provide this “Investment Portfolio” costing £31,000 for her.
We were told that we were in a privileged position by being offered property, because these were in great demand and that these properties were increasing in value, so we would make money out of them as an investment long term.
We felt that we were prevented from leaving the building until a deal had been made.
We purchased a property in Hollywood Mirage, we were never told about the “Cancelation rights”, and we paid £6,630 deposit on the day. We were told that if we no longer needed to use the weeks allocated, that our family could use them, alternatively we could inform Resort Properties that we did not wish to use these weeks and that they would let the properties out on our behalf. I was led to believe that this money would be forwarded on to us. Most of the verbal guarantees given were not written on our paperwork. When I asked why these guarantees were not written down, I was informed it was for “Members protection” because if all the benefits were known outside of the membership the value of the properties would be affected and the profits would disappear. We were told that “non-members” could rent our free weeks, but they would not have the same benefits as the members. The implication was that “non-members” would pay inflated prices for the use of our apartments, and this was how members would make profits.
There was never any discussion of a contract being in existence for letting our properties. We were also given an expected resale value of our properties.
There was never any representative from any bank or financial institution when our purchase was made, and we were not asked to provide any information to aid our finance application, such as income or any other outstanding loans ect. We were just granted the loan straight away.
Any sales that were made on our behalf were a direct result of a subsequent purchase or as referred to by Resort Properties as an “upgrade” (adding to our Portfolio), so we were never able to dispose of any of the properties. During a resale we were not given details of any prospective buyer, nor any amounts of money offered. The only information we received from Resort Properties was an amount that they had secured on our behalf, this was always much less than the purchase price.
We were persuaded in to another investment so we could recover some of our money back. This costs us £26,000 and put on Barclays Partner Finance
We are a retired couple on a pension, and we are now plagued by the worry of an outstanding debt of £308 per month in the form of a loan taken out with Barclays financial Services. This was a 10 year loan, now with six years left to run. Additionally… an annual maintenance charge on our properties of £2,000 per annum, due every December made up of payments in € and pounds.
Both myself and my wife have suffered from stress and anxiety ever since our encounter with Resort Properties. They have undermined our ability to manage our finances because of the stories and lies that they have fed us. We are now questioning each other’s ability to manage our own finances. Prior to this, we were a financial capable and debt free couple.
In November 2011 Silverpoint notified us that they were now the owner of the company and that they would be dealing with everything. We have never had anything from Resort Properties to tell us that they were being taken over by Silverpoint.
We have spent over £57,000 with Resort Properties and that money was to return us a profit. If we had known this was to be our destiny… ie being in debt and paying such a large sum of annual monies, we would NEVER have purchased these so called “investment portfolios”.
Thanks to Resort Properties… they have made our lives miserable, with worry, debt and stress.
We first encountered Resort Properties in October 2006 and were invited to a meeting with a timeshare representative.
We were persuaded to purchase timeshare weeks in Beverley Hills Club and Hollywood Mirage Club as we were assured this would make a good investment for us.
The total purchase price was £13630. These properties’ weeks were sold in 2007 for £2750. Therefore a big loss was incurred of £11460.
On a later holiday at Hollywood Mirage in March 2007 we were told if we sold our Beverley Hills (Hollywood Mirage weeks we could buy an excellent investment in Club Paradiso for £24868).
But this was not the case although we managed to pay the maintenance fees. We made a further purchase in November 208 for £24950 because we were told this would be another great investment. These properties would sell easily, salesman Mr. Paul Fowler said, and the recession would not affect timeshare purchases.
We had debts of around £25000 which we are still paying for the finance plus the continual worry of the debt and the maintenance fees.
In November 2011 were made what seemed to be a good offer to purchase an apartment in Beverley Hills which the company could rent out. We had never previously been told that our timeshare weeks could be rented out! If we did this the investment of £11800 would be returned in 2015.
The salesman who conducted this meeting was Mr Stuart O’Dell, who told us that only the capital would be repaid and that was the only way they would list for sale our Paradiso weeks. We made this purchase in good faith and believed the salesmen when they said they were good investments.
We now know these promises were total lies and there is no way that Resort Properties will refund any monies.
Verbal guarantees were given by salesmen and when we asked why these guarantees were not included in the contracts, we were told: “Don’t worry, this is normal and OK practice”.
We felt certain amount of pressure was put on us to purchase weeks and were told there is good for client to purchase this product for investment. Regarding the purchase of 2 weeks in Paramount/Paradiso we were told the company could sell this in the range between £27000-£72000 for 1 and 2 weeks accordingly.
In 2011 we were informed that Silverpoint had taken over the running of timeshare Resort Properties. Resort Properties did not even extend the courtesy of writing to us to mention the takeover.
At no time during of any of these meetings was a financial representative present. Obviously our finances are now much poorer thanks to Resort Properties. When I first encountered resort sales we were aged 62 and 60 and now we are 68 and 66 and still have the worry of paying off these debts, to us the maintenance fees and the likelihood that they will raise each year.
Several times we purchased products after being told that if we sold we could then dispose of unwanted products.In all we have spent around £73000 in dealings with Resort Properties, mainly because of their downright lies.
PR
I have been conned and blackmailed into buying timeshares and holiday club membership by Resort Properties, now known as Silverpoint.
The problems started in 2007 when I was enticed, by Resort Properties, into buying timeshares for the purpose of making profit. Profit from rental of some of those timeshares and profit from the quick re-sales of the remaining timeshares. Those profits did not materialise and I soon realised that I was making big financial losses and stood to make even further, unending, financial losses.
Resort Properties used the realisation of my financial predicament to blackmail me into buying membership of the Paradiso holiday club, by exchanging some of the timeshares, at a huge loss, and paying yet another large membership fee to release me from some of my timeshare ownerships.
Having fallen victim to their deceptions I am now unable to free myself from either the remaining timeshares or the club membership and face years of annual service I. maintenance costs which I neither want nor can afford.
My story:
In 2007, I was contacted by Resort Properties and was offered a promotional holiday in Tenerife. I took up the offer and went on holiday, with two of my children.
In accepting the holiday I understood that I was obliged and agreed to sit through a presentation by Resort Properties.
I knew that the presentation would be about buying a timeshare or something akin to it. However, I was neither interested in timeshares nor wanted to afford the cost of such. Therefore, on the day I had to attend the presentation I was resolved not to buy a timeshare or join any holiday club.
However, I met with Debbie Parkinson, the Resort Properties Sales Representative, and she was very pleasant and talked through the timeshare arrangements. I think she soon realised that I was not interested in joining. It is my recollection that she was suggesting that the cost of timeshare ownership varied but for the sort of timeshare that she thought I might be interested in, the purchase cost, was about £25,000.
After some lunch I was introduced to other representatives of Resort Properties who suggested that instead of buying a timeshare there were other arrangements that I might be interested in. They suggested that I should go into business with Resort Properties with a view to making substantial profits in short time; a short time being within the next year.
The suggestion was that they would sell me a package of properties at a very low price and they would rent them out to other customers. The rental fee would then be shared between me and Resort Properties. They showed me various documents that supported their argument that I would make significant profits, enough money to cover the initial outlay, in buying the package, and thereafter I could expect to continue to make substantial profits.
This seemed an interesting proposal. The Sales Office Manager, Mr. Gerald Tiernan, then took a keen interest in me and finally persuaded me to invest with Resort Properties. I was impressed by his claims to have made lots of money for lots of clients and he showed me portfolio’s to support his claims and said
a
Unfortunately in October 2008 – I attended a presentation at Resort Properties
The presentation started at approximately 10am and finished at 17.00hrs.
During the presentation it was stated that at worst I would get all my money back in two years, in actual fact the proceeds of the sale of my timeshare holdings would make a profit and that I was purchasing at a much lower price than the real retail/resale price through Resort Properties, therefore over two years the minimum I would make would be £3,000 – this is the value that the rep (Mr Mel Parker) told me that renting my weeks out for the first year would make. Mr Mel Parker also told me that if I decided to keep them and rent them every year I was guaranteed to rent them out and make a profit over the maintenance fee. I was told that the resale company of Resort Properties was set up because people’s lives change and for one reason or another owners wanted to come out of their timeshare agreement and that desire to be a member of either Hollywood Mirage or Beverly Hills Club was such that Resort Properties was a £60,000,000 a year business and I would have no problem reselling the timeshare holding that I was about to purchase. I was also told that Resort Properties had a number of prospective clients for my timeshare holding, willing to rent the weeks on a try before you buy basis.
Every year since this purchase (2008) Resort Properties have sent me a letter asking me to place any of my un-used timeshare weeks in the “Participation Program” in order to promote the resorts to prospective clients.
During the presentation the representatives would not take no for an answer, turning my fears of investing a large amount of money round and stating that any fears would not happen. At one point I felt I would never get get away from the presentation unless I agreed to buy, there was also the fact that on arrival at the Hollywood Mirage my family and I were only checked in for 6 nights, not the 7 previously stated at the time of booking, and as this was my first time in Tenerife I was unsure of what would happen if we were turned out of the hotel. I pointed this out to the representative at the start of the presentation only to be told that this could be sorted out later. After stating that I did not have the funds to finance this “Buy to let Program” the representative stated that this was not a problem as they (Resort Properties) could set up the finance agreement for me, and all that I needed was a valid credit card. At this point I did not meet with any representative of the Bank/finance company nor at any point in the future did I meet anyone representing this finance, the only other question that was asked was: “do you own your home or is it rented”!
After one year of ownership of my timeshare holdings, I was told that the trading conditions in Resale of timeshare had turned very difficult and it was highly unlikely that Resort Properties could sell my timeshare, but sales in timeshare at the Club Paradiso were selling very well and they traded the 5 that I owned at the Beverly Hills Club and Hollywood Mirage for one unit at the Paradiso for an additional fee of £13,000. After stating that I could not afford this and that I just wanted to sell the 5 that I already had, they told me that I would have to drop the resale price from £20,000 to 15,000, when I asked if I could speak to Mr Mel Parker I was told that he had left the company.
Nothing this company has promised me has materialized. I haven’t received one single penny from what they assured me was a “sound Investment” Out of desperation I have dropped the resale price several times and still nothing has happened. All I have been left with are weeks I don’t want and the burden of maintenance fees I can’t afford.
How can these people be allowed to keep doing this to so many people? And how many more people do they need to rip off??
PB
My wife and I visited Beverley Hills Club on a RCI exchange. This was early 2001, whilst there we were pestered to attend a meeting with a man, his first name was Peri. Having introduced himself, he proceeded to explain the virtues of owning apartments for the purpose of investment, showing us other clients portfolios, who were supposedly making huge profits.
Having recently been made redundant I had money which I was looking to invest, after about 5 hours, in which time we were fed and offered drinks, we entered into an agreement to buy 4 units of various sizes and we were assured that these were popular and could be sold quickly at a profit.
The following year we didn’t visit Tenerife and didn’t receive any feed back in that time, until 2002/2003 when we used 1 of our apartments at Hollywood Mirage Club, we made enquiries about our investment, and we were told they were still waiting to be sold?. Later that year we were contacted by telephone at home by a Mr John Burrows, who said Peri had left the company and that he was taking over our investment, in 2004 we again visited Resort Properties and saw John Burrows.
In 2004 we were persuaded to make another purchase of around £10,000 believing that this would be the only way we could recover anything from our previous investment. Time went on.
In 2005 we parted with a further £16,000 this was for a Paradiso City Unit – Mr John Burrows persuaded us to trade some of our apartments in for a new luxury one in the Paradiso, which we did and were told that the Americans love, at no point were the value of our trade-in apartments mentioned, only the final payment that we would have to find. Again, we believed that this was the only option available to us. We felt that if we didn’t take their “offer” we would lose everything.
During 2006 and 2007 we parted with another £23,000, believing from Mark Rowe that the “upgrades” we were buying would sell much quicker.
OF COURSE NOTHING SOLD.
In 2011 Joanne Taylor saw us and explained (threatened) that if we didn’t change to Silverpoint that our children would inherit our debts ie. Maintenance fees until the year 2050! She said this would be done but not until a further £13,900 was paid and the maintenance on the previous purchases of 860.00€ was also paid. This was very upsetting for me and my wife… but we didn’t want our lovely children burdened with what we had bought.
This amount of money was done by equity release!
Now we are both retired and living on our pensions, this has been very strenuous for both of us and now we have a debt on our lovely home which we did not have prior to this ordeal.
P J
We wish to inform you about our dealings with Resort Properties which we feel have been grossly missold/misrepresented to us. Through these misrepresentations and promises to resell we have been sold seven units and currently own five. It was never our intention to own more than one property.
We bought our first timeshare in January 2001 which after a couple of years we converted (through Crown Resorts) into RCI points. It turned out that these points included some pure points on which maintenance had to be paid to RCI.
On visiting Resort Properties in March 2007 we end up in the sales office and expressed our displeasure at having to pay maintenance on the pure points. They suggest the solution is to sell us two more units and they would get rid of our points on our original unit and give us points (without any pure points) on one of the new units. This was to be the unit to be retained by us and the other two were to be sold. No sales are made and we are now paying maintenance on three units.
Come March 2008 and we are visiting Resort Properties again (no lessons learnt yet).
We complain that nothing is sold and the recession is blamed. However the answer is to buy three more units at low prices plus Paradiso (City Level). The impression we got was that the units would sell easier at the low levels given. And Paradiso which we would never have normally considered to buy because it was well out of our league was taken up because the salesman repeatedly said “trust me, trust me – I will sell it for you by 2010 if not before”. Looking back it was noticeable that our rough notes giving the low prices for the units were taken from us and that these prices never appeared on the official paperwork.
At this stage we now have seven units. Our maintenance bill to date is over £11000 which with the purchase of the units has almost wiped out what little savings we had.
I repeat – It was never our intention to own more than one property. We bought more units as an “investment” on the promises that they would be all sold
AT A PROFIT before 2010
Like everyone else this “investment” has just left us with the heavy burden of the maintenance fees on the 7 units we have. To anyone reading this
BB
In April 2008 we went on a promotional weeks holiday to Beverley Hills Resort. Shortly after we arrived we were contacted by Guy Japhet (I think the spelling is correct) of Resort Properties with an appointment time.
The interview commenced early in the morning and continued until after 5PM at night. We were absolutely adamant that we were not interested in having a timeshare week and after some hours of persistent and persuasive arguments we believe he finally realised we were not to be persuaded.
He then said certain investment opportunities were available to some people and at this point his manager was brought in who said we could take part in this scheme. The investment was in 7 weeks in the Hollywood Mirage and Beverley Hills Resorts in Los Cristianos, at a cost of £25,000. Guy Japhet then told us that he had several clients who came back each year to buy and sell weeks and that the following year he would sell 6 of our weeks at a profit. So that would cover the cost of the 7th week which we would keep or better still upgrade to Club Paradiso.
By this time we were so confident of the sincerity of Guy Japhet and trusted his ability to sell the weeks the following year that we agreed to purchase, to sweeten the pill we were told that we would only be able to use our week the following year 2009 because Resort Properties would use the other 6 to rent out at 750£ per week making of total of £3750 which would cover the first year loan repayments. They also told us that the maintenance payments were paid for 2009. The loan was then secured very quickly with the Barclays Partner Finance over the phone which involved the questions about our finances. At no time was a bank representative present.
During the rest of the holiday we were invited to lunch with Guy’s family. When the cooling off period had expired we were sent a potted plant as “a thank you”. He also told us that he would not receive his commission until 6 weeks would be sold.
The following year 2009 we had a phone call from Guy Japhet to find out what was happening and if we were going to Tenerife. We went in August that year and once again we were given an appointment to see Guy. The appointment again lasted most of the day. Due to the economic conditions we understood that the value of our weeks had dropped to a very low price at about £500 per week and below. It was also impressed on us that the best cause of action was to buy Club Paradiso for a further 10 or 20 thousand pounds. Because upmarket timeshares held their value and were easier or sell, after discussing with his manager, Guy informed us that unfortunately there were no £10,000 weeks for sale and it would be a £20,000 week. At this stage Barclays was not prepared to increase a loan for a further £20,000, nevertheless they made us understand that if we were not to buy this week were going to lose a lot of money. We signed the contract but after a further consideration we decided against it and cancelled within the time limit. This prompted several phone calls from Resort Properties trying to persuade us to change our mind but we did not do it. We also received offers for some of our timeshare weeks the week after we came home from our holiday but because of the low amounts we wrote to say that we were not interested in selling until the sales price rose.
With hindsight if we had known then what we know we would have accepted the sales offer. The first maintenance fees were paid in January 2010 and that when we realised how high they were.
Since January 2010 we have tried several ways to try and sell or get rid of our 7 weeks, we even wrote to Resort Properties/Silverpoints trying to give up our weeks for nothing but to no avail.
Our current financial position is very precarious having paid off the loan in full. We no longer have the savings behind us and the annual maintenance fees are very draining. We have had many sleepless nights worrying about our timeshare weeks and the money we have lost.
Our ages in April 2008 were 66 and 65 and our current ages are 70 and 69 respectively and we never believed at this age we would have been persuaded to part with our savings only to be left with the worry and financial burden of the maintenance fees on weeks we never even wanted.
Also below is the note which were slipped under the door of our apartment in August 2009 the night after our session in the Sales Suite.
WG
My wife and I were approached on the street and told of a nice complex which dealt with holidays and they took us to Hollywood Mirage. This was in February 2004.
We were met by Angela Brooke. We told her we were not interested if it was timeshare.
She replied: “If you wish to invest, 15% can be earned in a year.” She offered to introduce us to a client who had agreed to invest and he had made 15%. The whole meeting took over 4hrs and in the end we agreed to invest a total of £15,000. It was a verbal agreement and we trusted her. But there was no written word.
She asked for a deposit of £2,000 put on a credit card and we had to pay the rest when back home using bankers draft. We cannot remember her saying that there was a cooling off period which we would have done had the contract been seen before arriving home. It showed 6 timeshare apartments. This had not been mentioned at all. We were not told of any rental agreement or that we could use the weeks ourselves.
When I rang Angela Brooke she said we shall be selling them over the next few months after which there will be a profit of 15%. After 3 months one was sold and we received just under £2,000 as they took 25% from the amount.
Months later there were no sales and when we complained to Angela Brook she said “Recession” but asked us to come back giving us a free week to discuss the situation and then said “Sorry, we have let you down but she could remedy this” – upgrade to Paramount – money back put against a City which would be 5,000£ more. She also pointed out that we would be responsible for the maintenance for each of the 5 remaining items. This worried us as she said that the maintenance would go up each year. She said a City (basic) would sell as it was a Paramount, so we proceeded under pressure. There was a great pressure and we felt threatened. We were told we would be silly to lose money when we could get it back when the City was sold.
When we returned in 2005 later to stay in the Paramount we asked her for resales but she stalled saying it might be in 2007 when Jamaica is up and running. But there was always an excuse. And in 2007 it became 2009, then 2011 and now 2015.
In 2009 we asked for resales and she said that the City would not sell (despite saying that it would when we bought it). She said that the Island would be better as there were 2 weeks etc and Jamaica, Dubai (when ready) were for 2 weeks.
We were offered a package of a loan of £15,000 through Barclays Partner Finance and we would get 10,000£ cheque so we agreed.
Barry Fox said our Island was increasing all the time and the latest value was £62,000
Eventually we settled this hoping to avoid early settlement charges but we had some. Barry Fox was involved and he approved the deal. We realised it was his proposal not Angela Brooke’s.
Angela Brooke left to be married and was pregnant so we were passed over to two other male reps but we cannot remember their names.
The maintenance has gone up and up and in 2012 it was £598 but next year it will be more. Our next maintenance is due in January, the 1st 2013.
We found out that the Resort Properties was now Silverpoint when we tried to book a week in the Paramount. Eventually our phone call prompted a letter. We were unable to book the Paramount because it was full.
Barclays Partner Finance loan form was not filled in by us and I was over 72 years of age when we were accepted by Barclays Partner Finance. No Barclays Partner Finance representative was present when we signed.
We are both pensioners and our life saving have been eroded, and we have been lied to by Resort Properties as a so called Investment.
We would never have done anything like this over a long term period. The promised resales have never materialised and we wish we had never stayed in Resort Properties in the first place.
Maintenance costs have gone up more than what they said which was in line with Spanish inflation.
We are certainly worse off both financially and health-wise. My wife particularly worries about the fee we need to pay from 2013 onwards.
We were persuaded that we needed to upgrade each time to make resale easy. We still have not got a date because I do not believe 2015 is true.
We have spent in excess of £25,000 and haven’t received one single penny from our “investment”
KS
In the August 2008, having recently been made redundant, I received a telephone call from a marketing company inviting me to holiday in Tenerife at a discounted cost for one week and the only stipulation they requested was that I attend a meeting with a rep at Resort Properties. I accepted this condition of a cheap holiday and my partner and I flew out for one week in February 2009 staying at Beverly Heights resort.
On the 4th February a Resort Properties rep by the name of Matt Harper escorted us to their sales office and begun telling us about timeshares that we could purchase. I explained that my partner was on long time sick and that that she was claiming incapacity benefit and that having been made redundant last year, I was working for a temporary agency working as a driver on a minimum wage and that some weeks I would not be working due to lack of work. I explained that we did not take regular holiday due to other personal commitments which we had to fulfil.
Matt accepted that we would not be at all interested in purchasing a timeshare and started to discuss to us a “client” he had that would regularly come over to see him and purchase 20/30 properties at a vastly reduced price at between £ 200.00/£ 300.00 each and showed us his account and how much money he was managing for him. Again, we were not interested as we knew that the monthly income we were getting, and no savings in our bank account, we would never be able to raise thousands of pounds needed to finance this particular arrangement.
At this point, Matt knew that we could not afford this and that we were not interested in joining him. A few moments later Matt brought over his manager and explained to her in front of us our circumstances, he iterated that we do not take holidays, that we have personal commitments which do not allow us to travel, that we did not have the finance in which to purchase any timeshares in that my partner was claiming incapacity benefit and I was working temporary, some weeks working, some weeks not. She explained to Matt that there was an option that he had not mentioned to me and that was that they could arrange through Barclay´s Bank a loan of £ 25000.00 whereby they would issue me six apartments. They explained the process of this deal both Matt and his manager explained that Resort Properties were not allowed to keep “distressed stock” and that as a way around the legal process they would allocate me six timeshare units on the understanding that they would buy these properties back from me within 12 months ( 18 months at the latest ). They would give me £ 3750.00 to cover the repayments and that they would, once accepted, transfer the debt to a company that would charge a lesser interest so that the £ 3750.00 would cover the repayments. They told me that they would sell all six properties with possibly a small amount of profit at the end of twelve months as a thank you and that I could then repeat the process for further year with them, again stressing to me that I would never have to worry about maintenance fees as they would sell the properties before maintenance was due.
I was still sceptical about this process as I knew that my credit rating was not good as I was on a very low wage and that there was very little equity available in my property. Matt´s manager insisted on putting an application for credit to Barclay´s just to see if they would accept me as she said
I
We were first introduced to Resort Properties in 2002 when after visiting their offices at the Beverly Hill Heights and after being pressurised for some 6 hours we purchased one week in one bed deluxe apartment at the Hollywood Mirage Resort.
The total cost was £8295.00 we had to pay a deposit of £2095.00 and we finally got away at 5.00pm that day.
We were invited back to their office several days later and persuaded to invest by purchasing two studios at the Beverley Hills Club Resort. This would then give us a return on our investment within two years of 20% which would help offset the cost of our timeshare at the Hollywood Mirage. The purchase price for this investment was £4594.00 and again we were had to pay a deposite on the day of £1148.00. These studios was eventually sold for £1250.00 each less Resort Properties commission of 25% thus giving us a loss of £2719.00 plus we had to pay £432.00 in maintenance fees.
On our next visit to our timeshare apartment and after many hours again in their offices we were persuaded to a second week at the Hollywood Mirage so that we could enjoy a two week holiday instead of just one week. Again we had to pay £5045.00 and a deposite on the day of £1040.00.
When we revisited the Hollywood Mirage for our annual holiday in 2004 we again found ourselves inside the Resort Properties office and this time after many hours of browbeating they persuaded us to purchase two weeks in the same apartment since we had to move apartments at the end of our first week . In order to achieve this we firstly had to purchase their two weeks and then Resort Properties would then sell our existing timeshare and take 25% for this services so in order to get away from these pressure sales people we agreed and paid a total of £9631.00 for the new arrangement and again we had to pay a deposite on the day of £1000.00. When our old timeshare weeks were sold we received just £1950.00 for something we had paid £13,340.00 for some 2 years ago.
We then returned to Tenerife in March 2005 which was a free promotional week at the Beverley Hills Club but again we found ourselves in the Resort Properties office for just an “update” on changes. This time and again under immense duress we were persuaded to invest this time in a more saleable 2 weeks in a one bed apartment at the BHC Resort (Beverley Hills Club).They again told us that we would make at least a 25% profit on the deal all within 18 months guaranteed. We again whilst trying to get some of our money back off Resort Properties and to get out of this pressure cooker environment made the purchase at a cost of £5700.00 with again having to pay a deposite on the day of £1700.00.
And there’s more:- We returned to Tenerife for our annual two week holiday at the Hollywood Mirage in September 2005 and again found ourselves in the dreadful place the Resort Properties Office. This time the sales pitch involved the “Club Paradiso”. Again all we wanted was to get some of our moneys back from Resort Properties and the way forward in order to achieve this was to join the brand new 5 Star Club Paradiso scheme. The 5 star system would guarantee we would get all our money back since the projected value of a “City” membership would be in the region of £35,000.00 due to the immense interest with the USA market and the resale office should be open well within the next 12 months. So bearing in mind we were at the time having to pay 4 weeks maintenance fees for our existing timeshare we decided to take a chance once again and believe what we were told and joined Club Paradiso at an entry level of a one bed City for one week.
The price was £12,950.00 and again we had to pay a deposite on the day of £500.00. We were also told that our existing time share ownership would go towards this purchase price so this was why we only got £950.00 per week from this resale.
The years past but alas the Resort Properties Club Paradiso resale Dept. never opened.
Then in 2009 again we found ourselves in the Resort Properties office once again trying to find out what is happening to all their promises and we were assured that the resale’s would commence well within the next 6 to 9 months but when it does we would find ourselves at the bottom of the Club Paradiso sales. We only owned a one bed apartment catering for only two people but the best resale apartment was the two bed “Island” apartment since this caters for 4 people. Therefore if we wanted our investment return sooner we need to upgrade to an Island. The resale value of an Island would be in the region of £45,000.00. The cost of the upgrade would be £12,950.00 but seeing that this would be sold well within the next 12 months for £45,000.00+ the debt would be cleared by this time next year.
We explained to the sales rep. that we had already invested all of our retirement saving into Resort Properties and we had no more moneys lift to upgrade. The solution they offered was a loan from Barclays Finance at £160.00 per month for 10 years and Resort Properties would give us the 1st Years contributions up front. Thus when the Island is sold well within this 12 month period we would be in a position to pay off this loan and receive a large profit from the sale. We were absolutely assured the resale dept would both be open and the disposal of the timeshare would be complete well within the 12 month period.
The people involved with all this actions were as follows:-
We decided as a last resort to go ahead with this purchase and accepted the loan facility offered by Barclays Finance for £12,950.00
Again no resale dept. ever opened and we are now left with a debt of £12,950.00 at £160.00 per month for another 7.5 years.
This crippling loan for a 71 year old on a pension since Resort properties have removed all our life savings is very distressing and causes us a lot of financial problems. Resort Properties have one way an another taken a total of £51,713.00 , all our life savings over the last 10 years and have left us penniless.
The last straw to all of this was when we received a letter informing us that a company called SilverPoint had taken over ownership of Resort Properties and that Resort Properties no longer existed although it appears the same personal are working in the same offices in Tenerife.
GD
Dear Mrs Wilson
Im sure you will have seen Alberto Garcia’s latest post on mindtimeshare.me blog.
In it he makes gross misrepresentations about our company. We know for fact that if we try to get him to issue our response on his web site we know he won’t do it so please can you post our response to him on your web site?
Dear Mr Garcia
We are highly amused by your recent posting on your web site.
We still cannot believe the lengths you will go to cover up the fraudulent activities of the Timeshare Companies which you work for.
You claim to be a “Registered Consumer Association” so please, tell us where you are registered because we cannot find you anywhere? Our lawyers have contacted the Consumer Association here in Spain and they haven’t heard of you either?
Resort Properties/Silverpoint is currently being investigated for one of the biggest timeshare frauds EVER and you still make no mention of it on your blog – why?
Surely as a “Registered Consumer Association” you would be more than happy to warn the general public about their well-documented fraudulent activities?
Anyone who googles Resort Properties/Silverpoint will see a whole host of warnings about this company but on your blog NOTHING – why?
Take a look at the FACTS about Resort Properties/Silverpoint. Currently there are:
This a lot of VERY UNHAPPY CONSUMERS so why isn’t it mentioned on your blog?
I will tell you why.
Because Mr Garcia we know that you are paid by the “Big Guns” in the timeshare industry to cover up their fraudulent activities. You are not a “Consumer Association” you are just a guy who gets paid a lot of money by the crooks of the timeshare industry to cover up their dirty dealings.
HUNDREDS of consumers have been ripped off by Resort Properties/Silverpoint and when companies like ours try to help these people, and I mean really help them by showing them how they can join the proceedings against the companies which have ripped them off what do you do? You don’t applaud them for their efforts; you don’t direct your unhappy consumers to them so that they can help them too, you just post a load of lies on your blog warning AGAINST the very companies that can help them.
You really are the lowest of the low.
You are not working in the best interests of the consumer; you work for the Timeshare Companies and their “self-regulatory” board – the RDO and all you do is COVER UP one scam after another.
You know Resort Properties/Silverpoint is ripping people off every single day, you know about the pending legal claims against the company so WHY isn’t it mentioned on your blog. I think we all know the answer to that question.
To anyone reading this then DO NOT believe a word Alberto Garcia says, DO NOT believe anything he posts on his blog. This man is a liar.
Dear Mrs Wilson
Please post our dealings with Resort Properties/Silver points in order to WARN OTHERS about this company and the scam they are running.
As you will read our story began back in 2007 and sadly is similar to your other readers. However, what your readers may be interested to know is that even today, as we grow close to finding a solution to our problems through a company willing to help us fight them do we find that they continue to harass us, bombard us with lies and then add insult to injury by offering to LIST OUR WEEKS FOR RESALE OR GIVE US EVEN MORE WORTHLESS RESALE WEEKS – that’s their solution!
We first visited Resort Properties in Tenerife in May 2007 and were sold a portfolio of timeshare weeks having been given an assurance that we would make at LEAST a 15% profit when they re-sold them for us. We were both very reluctant to purchase, but, after hours and hours of relentless hard sell we agreed to proceed. We were asked for a credit card deposit of 1000 pounds, which we gave. We were given the receipt and were told this would not be cashed as the sale was to be finance funded.
In 2007 there had been no re-sales and were told that we needed to” trade up” to a Paradiso City Level and 1 week in Holiday Mirage to effect a sale.. For this we had to pay a further 12,500 pounds each.
Each time we upgraded we saw no evidence of exact prices or individual units to enable us to make an informed decision regarding these transactions nor given any forecasts of future maintenance charges.
The sales pitch was always about the future sale of what we owned, always supposed to be at a profit.
The last time we saw a rep., August 2011 we were invited along to discuss membership of Silverpoint who had taken over Resort Properties. We were told that we had to join Silverpoint otherwise we would lose everything.
This would be at a cost to us of £9,000 Paid via a finance provided by Barclays Partner Finance, costing £200 per month.
The deposit of £738 was provided by Silverpoint in-house finance at £23.26 per month. We were also told that in January 2012 we would receive a Silverpoint Credit Card which would already have £3,000 cash loaded on to it. This could be used to help pay the finance until Resale’s would commence in 2015, then we should recover DOUBLE our money or more.
The rep we saw bought in his manager Mr Peter Walbridge, who arranged all of the above.
Of course nothing he told us came to anything – we have never received a penny from this “investment”
Having re-mortgaged our house to fund all of this PLUS crippling monthly finance payments PLUS the burden of the annual maintenance fees on weeks we didn’t even want to say we were desperate was an understatement.
In the middle of 2011 we were contacted by a company in Tenerife who claimed they could help resolve our problems with Resort Properties. Having been so badly ripped off by Resort Properties/Silverpoints we were reluctant to trust anyone else but as we had lost so much already we thought why not – for the cost of a flight what did we have to lose?
In November 2011 we went to Tenerife and met the company who claimed to be able to help us and to our utter relief we could see this was a genuine company. They had in depth knowledge of the sales tricks and pressure Resort Properties used to con innocent people out of their life savings and we were introduced to other victims of this pre-orchestrated swindle. Whilst we were saddened by other people’s terrible stories, some far worse than ours, it was a relief to see that we were not on our own. During our trip to Tenerife we found that over 200 people were already being represented in court and that another 250 people were waiting to have their cases prepared against Resort Properties/Silverpoints and we were happy to add our names to that list. The company in Tenerife works with 16 Lawyers in both Tenerife and Gran Canaria, all of which you can check out and I was shown evidence of the cases which they had already prepared, again all this could be confirmed by court references.
On our return home we were contacted directly by our appointed lawyer and were happy and relieved that something very positive was happening. Our lawyer reviewed our case and confirmed that that he would begin CRIMINAL proceedings against Resort Properties on our behalf.
In September 2012 we decided to return to Tenerife and stay at Hollywood Mirage – we had paid the maintenance for that week and weren’t going to waste it. However, prior to arriving we were called by Leanne Mortimer to say that she would like to see us. I knew what this would be about. My lawyer had warned that if I went over they would try to persuade me to drop the case against them – other clients of his had experienced similar harassment and intimidation techniques and he warned me to be on my guard.
I told Leanne Mortimer that I would NOT be going to see her that I had nothing to say but she insisted on coming to see me and out of curiosity I decided to see what she had to say.
During her 90 minute visit it was evident that Leanne Mortimer wasn’t here to help me, she was here to dish as much dirt as possible about the company helping me and in doing so try to persuade me to drop my criminal case against Resort Properties. She said she knew the company I was dealing with very well, that they were crooks and that they would never win a case against Resort Properties. To everyone reading this I can assure you that this company is totally legitimate and that I have direct access to the lawyer representing me in court.
I eventually told Leanne that I wasn’t interested in what she had to say and that if they wanted me to drop the case all they had to do was PAY ME MY MONEY BACK – THE FULL 90.000 POUNDS WHICH THEY CONNED ME OUT OF – it was that simple.
She said she didn’t have the authority to make those kinds of decisions and told me I must go to see David Taylor the Sales Director.
Out of curiosity this is exactly what I did.
Again during this meeting David Taylor said the same as Leanne Mortimer that the company I was using to prepare my case against Resort Properties/Silverpoints were crooks and that they would never win a case against Resort Properties.
Again when I politely pointed out that I wasn’t interested in what he had to say and that I would gladly stop my criminal proceedings if they just gave me my money back surprising David Taylor agreed and left the office to confirm this in writing.
Below is the letter he gave me. As you will see it is just another fob off, another empty promise to list my weeks for resale – the same fob off they have been giving me since 2007. Needless to say I was appalled and I am looking forward to my day in court. These people must be stopped. To anyone else taking legal action against them do not listen to their lies, do not let them intimidate you and do not fall for their promises again. UNLESS THEY OFFER TO GIVE YOU YOUR MONEY BACK IN FULL IN WRITING WITHOUT ANY CONDITIONS stay well away and let your lawyers do what they do best – make criminals pay for their crimes.
Finally let me tell you that during the meetings with both Leanne Mortimer and David Taylor I had video recording equipment. I knew that these people would lie to me again and try to cheat me so I took precautions. Both video recordings are now in the hands of my lawyer who will include them in my case against Resort Properties/Silver points. The evidence on them is extremely incriminating not only for Resort Properties/Silverpoints but also for Leanne Mortimer and David Taylor. I have asked my lawyer to add both these people to the ongoing criminal investigation against Resort Properties/Silverpoints
Please keep us up to date with what is going on as we are in the same boat regarding what we consider a mis-selling of timeshares to us as an ‘investment’ after an 8 hour sales pitch wore us down.
We’ve done everything we can think of to get rid of the timeshares, even offering to give the weeks back for free, but they won’t accept that option either… some investment and confidence they have in the fantastic property resale values. We’ve subsequently discovered that the properties that we wer sold were what ‘they’ call distressed, and never likely to sell.
The cheek of it is, they tried to sell us something else the following year, and we nearly fell for it as it was a way of ‘cutting our losses’ with 1 scheme only to pay an extra 20K to invest in another, and then they would have taken the properties back.
One of the reasons we were caught out is because we do have a lovely timeshare in Malta, which is fixed term (28 years) and a fixed maintenance at less than half the price at Beverly Hills…
I’m guessing the timeshare owners club at the reort is keeping very quiet about what has gone on and is ongoing.
<|endofexample|>
Note AdventureCraft is compatible with 1.3.2 via its installer but it only has features from beta 1.7.3 and back..
This Week's Latest Map
This!
Fan Made Trailer
Sample Map Trailer
Recent Feature Videos
- 4 New Mobs
- 317 Blocks
- 18 Trigger Based Blocks
-
Credits
My Girlfriend for creating the island I used
MrMessiah for his BetterLight and BetterGrass mod thats integrated into the mod (can enable/disable it in the options)
N3X15 for his SnowMod
Bemoliph for testing out my changes
Thundara for managing the Redmine I was using
Everyone who works on MCP as this mod is heavily based on MCP. Those guys are all great and I love contributing to the project.
Scaevolus for Optimine!
HarryPitfall for the base animated fan texture I started with
Shockah for the additional block IDs
Rhodox for the Painterly Pack which is used in a lot of the new textures. <!-- m --><!-- m -->
CyborgDragon, Leonardo, and Oozeball plus many others for all the work on the AC Wiki
ScottyDoesKnow for letting me use his gun and ammo sprites by hatwhale and captiva
Recent Version History
r1095 - Adds a NPC Path block that can have an NPC path to it. Cutscene cameras can be set to not pause the game.
r1089 - Fixes storage block saving of tile entities
r1087 - Can disable random pathing on EntityCreature's via .canPathRandomly. Can adjust random looking via .canLookRandomly, randomLookVelocity, randomLookRate, and randomLookRateVariation. randomLookNext contains when the entity will choose a new random velocity.
r1085 - Living entities now have a FOV which is used to determine if a target can be seen (use debug or /renderfov to see the FOV angle).).
r1062 - Fixed slime movement speed. Fixed block placement.
r1056 - Custom items can now be created. Vec3's can be created via Vec3 now and have new helpful functions on them.
r1048 - Adds the ability to execute a script on the various movement key presses and stop them from occuring. Exposing EntityLiving's gravity, jumpVelocity, jumpWallMultiplier, jumpInAirMultiplier, shouldJump, airControl. Move speed greater than 1 will allow faster movement. Player's move speed is effect now by moveSpeed. Fixing rifle to use rifle ammo again and not pistol ammo. Adds rayTraceBlocks and rayTrace to world and rayTrace to entity. Adds the function fireBullet to EntityLiving.
r1039 - Full weapons will show their ammo bar. Shotgun muzzle flash works once again. Shotgun now requires you wait for the reload to finish before you can fire (previously could fire the second the reload started). Exposes to scripting whether the entity's onGround flag is set or not (entity.onGround). Pathing improvements with regards to clip blocks, fences, and paths requiring jumping. Creatures will now actually use their paths if they have a target. Zombie and skeleton firing slightly altered. The "Score" will no longer print when you die.
r1027 - Adds better reloading to the shotgun, pistol, and rifle. AdventureCraft sound resources can now be automatically downloaded. Can deactivate an active cutscene via effect.cancelCutscene(). Automatically changing the sound string's from Javascript to lower case.
r1022 - Fix for terrain2.png and terrain3.png sometimes loading as white textures. Can no longer crash minecraft with /cameraadd if a nonnumber is supplied. Glass can now take translucent textures. '\n' will create line breaks with the UILabel now. Overlays textures are now looked up as "/overlays/texture.png" instead of "overlays/texture.png" to be in line with other texture retrievals
r1016 - Models can be attached to each other by the variable .modelAttachment on them. Cave sounds disabled. Can specify the texture width and height on models at model creation time Model(texWidth, texHeight). UI elements can be moved smoothly now via .moveTo(x, y) and .moveBy(dx, dy).
r1010 - Replace the MC logo on the main menu. Entities have on them now .isFlying which can be set True for them to fly around. Can edit the time of camera points with an editbox by right clicking them. The sound in cutscenes is now based off the cutscene camera not the player's position.
r1004 - Adds effect.fovModifier for adjusting the FOV. Fixes a crash with opening a second map then a cutscene camera gets activated.
r1002 - Cutscene camera is cleared upon quiting a map. UI Labels can now have their position be set as floats. The HUD can be enabled/disabled via ui.hudEnabled.
Links
AdventureCraft Wiki
AdventureCraft Map Page
AdventureCraft Dev Blog
AdventureCraft IRC Channel - #AdventureCraft@irc.esper.net
Installing + Running
1. Double Click AdventureCraft.jar
2. Install either via Install (copies the files from your minecraft directory) or Install Via Login (gets a fresh copy)
3. Press start
Downloads
Licensed Under
<|endofexample|>
CLASSES & EVENTS
VISIT US AT
Jenny Argie & Andrew Thorton
total:
$399.00
Please call us at 718-782-2005, email us at info@minijake.com to confirm availability of this product/color.
Dress your baby effortlessly with our changing table. The compact and lightweight design lets you move the table into any room with ease while the open design allows for easy access to stored items. This.
Create Registry | Search Registry | Manage Registry | About Mini Jake | Reach Mini Jake | Mini Jake Map | Terms of Online Service | Mini Jake Mailing List
mini jake © 2011
<|endofexample|>
MARQUETTE - Marquette County officials have received an insurance policy from the Huron Mountain Club, intended to resolve the issue of potential county liability for deputized law enforcement officers who also work on the private club's security force.
"This afternoon I received a copy of the certificate of insurance," Marquette County civil counsel Stephen Adamini said Tuesday. "The county of Marquette and the sheriff's department have been put as additional insured on the Huron Mountain Club policy."
Adamini told the county board he hadn't had an opportunity to read the details of the insurance in depth.
ADAMINI
"I will do that and report to you, but on my quick reading of it, I would expect the Huron Mountain Club would want to make sure they've got a good insurance policy and I believe it is," Adamini told the board., Adamini said he had finished a proposed hold harmless and indemnification agreement, which was subsequently approved by the county administrator, risk manager and Lovelace. Adamini said then he had sent the proposed agreement to the club for their review and hopeful signing.
Last week, Adamini told the county board that rather than agree to the hold harmless agreement, the club has proposed including the sheriff and those deputized as additional insureds on the club's insurance policy.
"I think it (the insurance add-on) is preferable to even what we asked for, the indemnification and hold harmless agreement," Adamini said. "Because if there's any problem, their insurance company is going to take care of it and provide the defense, et cetera, right from the get-go, rather than us perhaps litigating whether we have a loss and then making a claim under that, under indemnification."
Adamini said he hasn't had a chance to discuss the development with Lovelace yet.
"Of course, the sheriff has indicated that unless he felt he was adequately insured, he was going to withdraw the deputization," Adamini said.
Commissioner Nick Joseph clarified that if the club drops its insurance or modifies it, because the county would be an additional insured, it too would be notified.
Commissioner Michael Quayle wanted Adamini to make sure the county would be covered in instances of negligence or lack of training was involved.
"Some of those folks have not been in law enforcement for a number of years," Quayle said.
John Pepin can be reached at 906-228-2500, ext. 206.
249 W. Washington , Marquette, MI 49855 | 906-228-2500
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
Min, as indicated in the chart that follows, are not required to pay more than 10% of their household income each month.
Please Note: If you are enrolled in the CWR plan you must continue to make required monthly payments to maintain protection from service disconnection.
Annual Income Guidelines (2012-2013)
Customers can apply for Cold Weather Rule protection by contacting Minnesota Energy Resources at 800-889-9508 to discuss eligibility for enrollment.
<|endofexample|>
With new restaurants opening regularly, it could take a few lifetimes to try everything once. That said, mixing the region’s hottest new flavors with a serving of classic staples is the best recipe for a true Twin Cities Taste. Search our restaurant listings for whatever feels right tonight. For corrections and additions, email listings@greenspring.com.
<|endofexample|>
Greek Vote Barely Passes, Stocks Tumble
Today's financial recap and tomorrow's financial outlook.
The European Central Bank (ECB) and Bank of England (BOE) made their monthly rate decisions. The ECB kept rates unchanged, as was expected, and only reiterated its stance that it was up to governments to activate the OMT bond purchases, not the ECB. The BOE neglected to expand its bond purchase program, stating that it questioned the efficacy of QQE purchases.
The 30-year Treasury bond auction saw increased demand from overseas buyers, more than 50% higher than normal. The auction priced at 2.820%, 3 basis points lower than the 2.850% yield shortly before the auction. Foreign buyers were likely purchasing protection from the arrival of the fiscal cliff or continued weakness out of Europe.
Pre-market, Kohl's (NYSE:KSS) beat earnings at $0.91 compared to $0.87 estimates and reported in-line earnings at $4.49 billion. Earnings guidance for the coming quarter was raised to $2.00-$2.08, beating the $2.16 estimate. Post-market, Groupon (NASDAQ:GRPN) reported in-line earnings at breakeven and missed earnings at $568.6 million against estimates of $591.0 million.
Tomorrow's Financial Outlook
Tomorrow in the US, the first estimate of the University of Michigan's Confidence Statement and the import price index will be released. Economists are expecting the consumer confidence poll to rise to 83.0 from last month's 82.6. Note that last week, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence poll rose to 72.2 from 68.4 the month prior.
Globally, China will release a slew of economic data. The reports include the consumer price index, producer price index, industrial production, and retail sales.
In earnings, J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP) will report pre.
<|endofexample|>
To measure accurately, keep the tape parallel to the floor, only undergarments and do not measure over the clothing.
Place the measuring tape under your arms and run it around the fullest part of the bust line and across the shoulder blades.
Run the measuring tape around your natural waistline at the crease. Keep a finger’s distance between the tape and your body for a comfortable fit.
With your feet together, wrap the measuring tape around the fullest part of your hips/seat – around 8 to 9 inches below your waistline.
<|endofexample|>
Contestant Prep Day and Forum in Minot
Don’t Stop Believing
Miss North Dakota
2013 Scholarship Pageant
June 6 - 7 - 8, 2013
Williston High School Theater • Williston
For tickets, contact the Williston Convention & VIsitors Bureau
after May 1 at 701-774-9041
You are viewing the text version of this site.
To view the full version please install the Adobe Flash Player and ensure your web browser has JavaScript enabled.
Need help? check the requirements page.
<|endofexample|>
Six nonprofits in central Missouri have received grants totaling $384,712 from Missouri Foundation for Health. Grant funding supports nonprofit organizations that work to improve the health of thousands of Missourians. The local grants are part of a $5.1 million round of funding recently approved by the foundation’s Board of Directors.
The grants come through the foundation’s Basic Support program, which funds operational expenses for health-related nonprofits’ existing salaries, benefits, equipment and supplies. Organizations marked with an asterisk (*) are first-time Basic Support grant recipients. Two-year grants were awarded to:
American Red Cross Heart of Missouri Chapter, Jefferson City, $75,000. With funding, the central Missouri organization continues to offer education on life-saving skills, prevention of disease and injury, and healthy lifestyles.
* Columbia Center for Urban Agriculture, Columbia, $53,312. Funding helps the central Missouri organization educate people about the nutritional benefits of fresh produce, and teach them
to grow food for local consumption.
HomeCare of Mid-Missouri, Moberly, $75,000. The central Missouri organization is using funding to offer home health care, respite care, hospice and related services to elderly and disabled individuals and their families.
* Mexico Senior Center Inc., Mexico, $31,400. The central Missouri organization is using funding to provide nutrition services, meals and medical transportation for seniors.
National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) of Missouri, Jefferson City, $75,000. With funding, the central Missouri organization offers mental health education for care providers, and support group services for individuals and families dealing with mental illness.
Rainbow House Emergency Shelter, Columbia, $75,000. The central Missouri organization is using funding to offer crisis support services for young victims of physical and sexual abuse.
The Foundation says since its founding in 2000, it has provided more than $460 million in grants and awards to organizations in 84 Missouri counties and the City of St. Louis.
<|endofexample|>
EYEROLL
********************************
PRE -BLOG ENTRY DISCLAIMER
********************************
I’m a chronic eye-roller. It is probably my husband’s least-favorite quality because I throw the eyeroll at him at the most mean moments. He’ll have had a rough night’s sleep and say he’s tired and I’ll think of all of the nights I didn’t sleep well with newborn babies and BAM! EYEROLL. It’s a trait I know is not fair, but a lot of it is subconscious. When my instinct is to say, “OH. MY. GOD. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?” Then I eyeroll. I know. Ugly trait. Let’s move on.
I eyeroll a lot when I go through my feed reader. I’ll read blogs where someone talks about the joy of exercise and how happy they are now that they’re eating healthy. EYEROLL. Someone talks about the joy of parenting and how they are truly blessed by their children. EYEROLL. I’ll read an entry about the power of inspiration and creativity and tapping into your inner artist. EYEROLL. Articles about how annoyed people are by bloggers who don’t use proper grammar. EYEROLL.
Here’s the catch: I have written EVERY ONE OF THOSE ENTRIES.
See…if I’m in the mood to relish in my pride of eating right and exercising? I nod and smile. If I’m not? EYEROLL. If I’m experiencing a joyful Mom day when I read your entry about hugging your kids? I nod and smile. If I’ve just discovered the 43rd crayon mark on my walls? EYEROLL. If I’ve spent a weekend crafting and creating when I read about your weekend of inspiration? I take notes and learn lessons. If I’ve spent the weekend mowing my grass and weeding my garden? EYEROLL.
I say this for one reason: I am about to write something that is probably going to make a lot of you ROLL YOUR EYES. And I am okay with that, because on many other days? I would be rolling my eyes too. I just wanted to say you are perfectly fine to roll your eyes and please don’t worry about hurting my feelings. Because I know what I’m about to write is the CHEESIEST, most OBNOXIOUSLY toxic, and annoyingly TRITE thing that has ever been written. Yet…here I go.
********************************
ACTUAL BLOG ENTRY BEGINS NOW
********************************
Yesterday morning was a typical morning in my home. Me running around trying to get myself ready for work post-boot camp while also feeding the kids and getting them ready for school. WHILE ALSO doing laundry and packing lunches. (Mornings are FUN.)
Because the kids had a long weekend, Wes was a little emotional. A lot of whining and refusing to eat breakfast. Fighting getting dressed and grumpily picking on his sister. He sat in my lap to eat (It’s a new phase, don’t ask.) but I had to get up after I finished my oatmeal to put dishes up. He wrapped his arms around my leg and begged to be held. I told him to PUHLEASE sit and eat his oatmeal. I got irritated. He went back to the table and when he went to sit in his chair he hit his shin on the chair. And he lost it. He grabbed his leg and started wailing.
AND I ABOUT LOST IT TOO.
But luckily? Something inside spoke to me. I knew the day he was having. I have those days CONSTANTLY. The day where everything just seems to go wrong. You can’t shake the grumpies. I KNOW THAT FEELING. And in reality? I was in a fine mood. Wishing the kids would be more cooperative, but I got a good night’s sleep, my allergies weren’t bothering me, boot camp started back up. I was feeling good.
HE WAS NOT.
So I put down what I was doing. I pulled up a chair next to him. I sat in it and I picked him up while he was crying. I curled him up in a ball and snuggled him as tight as possible. He calmed down and wrapped his arms around me. And we just sat there. Donnie and Nikki and E were all getting ready around us, eating, getting dressed, putting up dishes…and Wes and I just snuggled. He rubbed my back and I kissed his head 100 times. I ignored life for a moment and just tried to focus on giving him exactly what he needed from me, which I very rarely have the luxury to do.
And you know what? Turns out I needed it too. I think I always do, I just sometimes get too busy to notice.
********************************
POST-BLOG ENTRY GROUP EXERCISE
********************************
GIANT EYEROLL.
I dunno, I didn’t roll my eyes. Disclaimer: I do not have kids. But I just imagined the complete chaos of a busy morning (I have 3 brothers) and your little port in the storm. Like, if your life were a movie, the scene would involve you and Wes sitting there cuddling while everyone else sped and whirled around you in super-fast speed so as to be blurry. Huh, and since I got TWO new mosquito bites this morning I thought I would certainly eye-roll since you warned us. Guess I’m having a good morning after all.
No eyeroll here; just a lot of admiration for doing what you knew HE needed, instead of what you might have felt like doing. I can’t say how many times I fail miserably at that! Like last night… it seemed everything my kids wanted to do or say was just annoying to me, and I kept telling them to just go find something else to do, or nixed everything they wanted to do/say/talk about. I came to my senses before bedtime and called them to me to apologize. i gave no excuses, told them I didn’t even know why I was being such a grump towards them, but that I was sorry. They were so forgiving.
Now let’s see if they can be this forgiving when I make them return the turtle the dogs found in our yard yesterday back to the swamp.
Aw. No eyeroll. Now if you’d said you somehow find time to do that EVERY DAY…
There wasn’t even a HINT of an eyeroll in me reading this, and I, too, am an eyeroller. This is sweet. You’re a good mom, and your kids are very lucky ducks.
Also: My almost 13-year-old daughter still needs (and gets) these moments. It is nice to be able to provide it, even still.
LOL! Your list of eye rolls are exactly my list of eye rolls! Although I am never nodding and smiling in agreement when people say they love to exercise. I just don’t get it! But the eye roll is at least partially out of jealousy!
Ha! I know what you mean about the eyeroll. It does depend on my own mood and tolerance level. However. Your entry utterly did not make me roll my eyes. It made me think I should look out for more times when that’s what my daughter needs, and how a minute or two of just STOPPING and snuggling can fix everything.
Totally with you on the eyerolls. No eyerolling for your post though. Sometimes it’s hard to step outside yourself & put yourself in your child’s shoes. Thank you for the reminder to do just that.
I demand a refund! This did not make me roll my eyes!! I love it when I can remember to actually tune in to Mr. Man’s needs and do something about it. It usually involves a cuddle too. Great job!
Holy good Lord the eye roll drives my husband insane too! And I can’t help it!! But there was no eye roll with this spot, just appreciation of a reminder to slow down sometimes and deal with the little things. Thanks.
I sigh. It’s obnoxious. When I’m happy, sad, aggravated… it’s my go-to thing.
glad you seized the day, baby, it makes it all worthwhile. Twenty years from now, those are going to be the moments we remember. (sigh.)
I’m not a habitual eye-roller, but certain blogging types make me one, so I don’t even bother with those. This post though? This one was a good REMINDER and not like every single one of your posts, thus not an eye-roll inducing one.
Just don’t go writing a million of these or I just might have to roll my eyes at you.
Nice post
I did not eye-roll, I actually cried.
Your disclaimer describes me perfectly!
For the record, I thought this post was really nice and didn’t make me roll my eyes.
Would you be mad at me if I told you that, at the end, I smiled, more than just a little ?!?
Thanks for the bloggy love on my bootcamp page. I am looking forward to getting to know you. Kristin
I’m not an eyeroller, your posts have never made me roll my eyes, and this is one of my very favorites. Those little moments of snuggling when somebody really needs it are part of what make life so great.
I love this post. Eyeroll and all.
D’awww. No eyeroll from me, either, just a smile and a thought that I really appreciate the cuddles I get, too
I just want to say thank you so much for this post. I read it yesterday morning and when my son started off on a grumpy day, it was the thing that reminded me to take a step back and just be with him for a little bit. So thank you for allowing my son and I to have a much better day than it might have been.
I think it’s beautiful. No eyerolling here. You are right. It was good for both of you, and I’m gonna try harder to do this. You rock!
<|endofexample|>
by
Sofft
This artist quality flat shaper tool comes with five replacement No. 2 Flat Micropore sponge covers designed for use with Pan Pastels, water-based colors, polymer clay, or ceramics. Just load the sponge with color and gently apply to the surface. Vary the pressure to change the effect or use the edges for lines or details. The are reusable and may be cleaned with soap and water.
Ask a question about Colorfin Shaper & covers
Ask a question about this product
Tip It
Colorfin Shaper & covers
by Sofft.
<|endofexample|>
by
Testrite Visual Products, Inc.
An economical aluminum easel that supports canvases up to 44 in. high. Adjustable from 33 in. to 70 in. with a 16 in. wide aluminum shelf. Strong head and simple top clamp. Rubber tips prevent slipping.
Ask a question about 340 Aluminum School Easel
Ask a question about this product
Tip It
340 Aluminum School Easel
by Testrite Visual Products, Inc.
Average User Rating:
Based on (2 Reviews)
Walt G. from Smithtown, NY says:
wow, awesome product. Christmas gift for my daughter, she starting painting right away! :) Had to come back to this site though, for assembley hints, could not figure one thing out but as soon as I saw...[more]
[Read All Reviews]
[Write a Review]
We will send you an email notification when item stock is available.
Click the to add item to your Favorites.
Knives
by
Bob Ross
From $8.37
Canvas Boards
by
Fredrix
From $0.67
Finest Stretched Cotton Canvas
by
Discovery.
<|endofexample|>
by
Stackpole Books
In this book, readers will learn to build on their basic stained glass
skills and advance to more complex projects, such as large lampshades, tabletop
boxes, or large mosaics, as well as incorporating more refined techniques into
simpler work.
The contained lessons will teach you:
how to perfect more difficult stained glass making techniques,
how to use new tools and methods of using basic tools, and
step-by-step instructions to help improve your skills.
Editor: Sandy Allison
Format: paperback, 113 pages, 9 in. x 11 1/4 in.
Publisher: Stackpole Books, 2007
The contained lessons will teach you:
Editor: Sandy Allison
Format: paperback, 113 pages, 9 in. x 11 1/4 in.
Publisher: Stackpole Books, 2007
Ask a question about Beyond Basic Stained Glass Making
Ask a question about this product
Tip It
Beyond Basic Stained Glass Making
by Stackpole Books
Be the first to write a review on this product!
[Write a Review]
We will send you an email notification when item stock is available.
Click the to add item to your Favorites.
Vitreous Glass Mosaic Tiles -- Solid...
by
Mosaic Mercantile
From $1.95
Looking Glass Mirror-Like Paint
by
Krylon
From $8.32
Studio Pro 3/8 in....
by
Diamond Tech.
<|endofexample|>
Tip It
No. 107 Wood Carving Tools
by U J Ramelson
Average User Rating:
Based on (4 Reviews)
Rodrigo R. from Santiago, Chile, AK says:
Be Careful, they are very sharp. I used them for linoleum and wood. They carve gently and precise. The angle of the blade and the wood knob makes them easy to handle.
[Read All Reviews]
[Write a Review]
We will send you an email notification when item stock is available.
Click the to add item to your Favorites.
Linoleum Blocks
by
Speedball
From $0.96
Economy Linoleum Block
From $0.63
Block Printing Water Soluble Ink.
<|endofexample|>
Jimmy Bartolotta Selected to D3Hoops Northeast Region First Team
March 19, 2008
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - Jimmy Bartolotta added to his postseason award total on Wednesday, as the junior from Littleton, Colo., was selected to the D3Hoops Men's All-Northeast Region First Team. Bartolotta was the only non-senior to land a spot on the top unit.
The New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conference (NEWMAC) fared well in the voting process as five players from the conference were picked for one of the three region teams while Coast Guard's Pete Barry was named Northeast Region Coach of the Year and Wheaton's Anthony Coppola was named Northeast Region Rookie of the Year.
Bartolotta was terrific in his third season donning the Cardinal and Gray. Winning the NEWMAC scoring title for the second consecutive season behind an Institute-record 23.9 points-per-game average, Bartolotta was the only player in the league to rank among the leaders in every statistical category. He finished second in assists and steals while finishing the campaign fourth on MIT's all-time scoring list with 1,479 points.
In addition to earning NEWMAC All-Conference First Team honors for the second straight season, Bartolotta was a finalist for the coveted Jostens Trophy and was an ESPN the Magazine Academic All-America First Team selection.
Andrew Olsen of Amherst was named Northeast Region Player of the Year. In addition to Barry's coaching honor, Coast Guard had two players make the team as Craig Johnson was a second team pick and Al Sowers earned third team accolades. WPI's Antoine Coleman was also named to the third team while Coppola picked up third team honors as well.
<|endofexample|>
Men's Volleyball Overpowers Southern Vermont
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. – The MIT men’s
volleyball team defeated Southern Vermont College, 30-8, 30-4,
30-9, in a North East Collegiate Volleyball Association (NECVA) New
England Division match on Tuesday night. With the win, the
Engineers improved to 15-6 on the year and 7-2 in conference action
while the Mountaineers dipped to 1-11 overall and 1-9 in NECVA
play.
MIT opened the contest with 11 unanswered points, but a kill by Sean Moore and a miscue by the Engineers returned Southern Vermont’s deficit to single digits. The Cardinal and Gray responded with an 18-5 run that resulted in set point. A serving error extended the frame for Southern Vermont however the hosts captured the next point to secure the win.
Each side exchanged points to start the second stanza before MIT recorded 15 in a row. The scoring was fairly balanced as a strike by Chris Williams off the Engineers’ block made the score, 19-4, in favor of MIT. The Engineers then rattled off 11 straight points to close the set.
The early stages of the final frame were closely played as kills by Jullian Amaral brought Southern Vermont within two on a pair of occasions, the last at 6-4. MIT gained some breathing room by picking up the next two points, but a service error kept the Mountaineers within striking distance. The Engineers then mounted a 16-2 run which extended their lead to 24-7. Southern Vermont capitalized on a pair of miscues, but it would not be enough to generate a late rally as MIT recorded the final six points of the match.
In a balanced attack, Garrett Winther paced the Engineers with seven kills to go along with four digs, and two aces. Matt Hohenberger racked up six kills, four aces, and two blocks while Patrick Vatterott and David Thomas each posted six kills. Mike Demyttenaere and Troy Tamas both notched five kills as Benson George added four of his own. Alex Becherer tallied eight digs, three kills, and two aces while Jeremy Velazquez collected six digs. Eric Reuland and Daniel Sngiem rounded out the back row with four and three digs, respectively. Caine Jette totaled 20 assists and five aces while Tim Lee compiled 10 assists and four digs.
Ruari Clancy and Amaral led the Mountaineers with seven digs apiece. Moore finished with four digs and two kills as Neel Patel recorded three assists and an ace.
Both squads will compete in tri-matches this weekend. MIT will host Elms College and Emmanuel College on Saturday, Feb. 27. The next day, Southern Vermont will travel to Daniel Webster College where it will also take on Lesley University.
<|endofexample|>
.
Wow!...the holiday season is already upon us, and I, as I'm sure most people do, give thought to their purchases and have many questions needing to...Read More ->
I've recently returned to my boyhood obsession...no, not Farrah's "nips" poster... magic, of course. With things having changed drastically (from...Read More ->
<|endofexample|>
Three local gymnasiums will be busy this weekend as local schools host two separate senior basketball tournaments.
Vanier Collegiate will host the sixth year of the Ned Andreoni Tournament beginning Friday afternoon. There will be four girls and four boys teams, including Vanier. The other teams include Saskatoon Centennial, Swift Current, Yorkton Sacred Heart and Melfort.
“It is a lot of fun, yes there is basketball and in this tournament you will get at least three games. There is also the camaraderie between the boys and girls and the teams supporting each other,” said organizer Bob Gottselig. “There will be some spectators in the gym when the out of town teams are playing and that makes for a great atmosphere.”
Although many of the athletes on the Spirits and Vikings teams don’t know the icon that was Coach A, his legacy and memories are still felt within the school, including his desire to have fun.
“Ned was all about the fun and it is probably one of the most fun tournaments that I’ve been at. Both genders are there and everyone is supporting one another and it makes for a fun time,” explained Gottselig. “None of them were taught by Coach, but a number of them have siblings that were coached or taught by him, so his legacy lives on a little bit. Unfortunately, at time goes on, it is starting to fade.”
Also happening at the other side of town is the 51st Annual Senior Boys Basketball Tournament. Central Collegiate and Peacock will once again host an eight-team tournament over the weekend. The action will get underway on Friday evening at both gyms.
The out of town teams include North Battleford, Prince Albert St. Mary’s, Weyburn, Meadow Lake, Yorkton and Prince Albert Carleton.
For more on this story, read an upcoming edition of the Times-Herald.
<|endofexample|>
Thursday, 28 December
140. Minorities and Their Relation to Secularism
10:15–11:30 a.m., Congress B, Loews
Program arranged by the South Asian Literary Association
Presiding: Hena Ahmad, Truman State Univ.
Speakers: Ketu H. Katrak, Univ. of California, Irvine
Amitava Kumar, Vassar Coll.
Aamir R. Mufti, Univ. of California, Los Angeles
Rajagopalan Radhakrishnan, Univ. of California, Irvine
Rajeswari Sunder Rajan, Univ. of Oxford, Wolfson Coll.
Program Archive
<|endofexample|>
Jason O. Watson
The Indians and Rangers have also expressed interest in free agent infielder Ryan Theriot.
Yesterday, Jon Heyman of CBS Sports reported that the Philadelphia Phillies and San Francisco Giants were among the teams interested in free agent Ryan Theriot. This afternoon, Heyman adds that the Texas Rangers and Cleveland Indians have also expressed some interest in the infielder.
Theriot signed with the Giants last January and spent the season with the club. He played in 104 games for San Francisco, hitting .270/.316/.321 with 16 doubles and one triple over 352 at-bats.
At this point, most teams expressing interest in Theriot seem to be doing so as a reserve player. The 33-year-old has primarily manned both middle infield positions over the years, but he's also played third base and left and right field.
Theriot has spent eight seasons at the major league level as a member of the Chicago Cubs, Los Angeles Dodgers, St. Louis Cardinals and Giants. He owns a career line of .281/.341/.350 during his time in the big.
<|endofexample|>
« Roy Halladay Rumors: Tuesday |
Main
| Angels Rumors: Aybar, Harang, Bell »
11:21pm: Jon Paul Morosi and Ken Rosenthal at FOX Sports have some new bullet points on the Lee situation, most involving the Dodgers::
Enter your email address:
Delivered by FeedBurner
<|endofexample|>
« Unfinished Business: AL Central |
Main
| Athletics Out On Adrian Belt.
Enter your email address:
Delivered by FeedBurner
<|endofexample|>
ELibrary
Midwest Collaborative for Library Services MeL Training Materials
eLibrary
Reviewed 2/2013 SR
Terminology might be a bit confusing when talking about this database. This is a DATABASE titled eLibrary. MeL stands for Michigan eLibrary, our statewide online resources. Make sure people understand the difference.
eLibrary THE DATABASE includes full-text and multimedia reference essentials. There are more than 2,000 full-text magazines, newspapers, books, and transcripts--plus thousands of maps, pictures, educator-approved websites from Homework Central, and audio/video files.
This is appropriate for better middle school readers on up through adults, but its main focus is more for high school students.
Point out to the class that the main screen has some resemblance to eLibrary Elementary (which we have had in MeL for years for younger users.)
Across the top there are tabs for Search (where we land), Topics, Publications and Reference. We will take a quick look at all of these during the class.
There are also links to other functions that we will not take time to cover in class.
In the middle of the screen is a basic search box, and below that there are boxes for types of resources. The default is to have all checked. Using the text links on the right side, show how to clear all, then how to select 2 or 3 boxes.
On the right of the basic search box there are text links for Advanced Search and Popular Searches -- we may take time to look at those at the end of this demo -- they are pretty straightforward.
Let's do a basic search. Start typing the word nascar in the box. Go slowly so the class can see that we are offered type ahead suggestions. Stop when you have finished the word nascar and just leave it alone. Now do a "clear all" and then check the boxes for newspapers, magazines, and transcripts. Do the search.
Point out that there are several suggestions for a more limited search - they are all live links, and we could use one to do a new search, but we'll just look at the results we have.
On the left side, point out that results are sorted by relevance and show that we could sort them by several other means. Click on date to resort the results list. Point out what happens to the results.
Below that is a box labeled "bring results type to top." It lists the number of each type of result. Remember that we only selected newspapers, magazines, websites, and transcripts, to the other types show zero results. Click on newspapers to bring that type of resource to the top of the results list and show them what happens.
Have the class look at the results list. For each item, there is a small icon that indicates its type -- newspaper, magazine, etc. There is basic citation information, a box to check to add it to a personal list, and the title is a live link. Click on the first title.
Now we are looking at the full text of the article. Point out the email, print, and citation tools across the top. Point out the we have a box to mark the article for a personal list. Use the drop down menu to show how the article could be translated into another language. For this class, we won't actually translate because it takes a few minutes.
Point out the "back to search results" on the top of the page and show how that works.
Now we are ready to move to another type of search in eLibrary (THE DATABASE). Click on the Topics tab across the top of the page. This brings up a browsing by subject type of page. Point out the major topics and subtopics. Everything on the page is a live link that will do a search. Click on Mathematics, give the class time to look at the topics that display. There are three types of listings on this page. Some topics are underlined, and they are live links. For some listings, you would need to click on "view results" to get to the resources. For other topics, there is a star. WE WILL TALK ABOUT THE STARS LATER - please don't use one as an example right now.
Under Math Basics, click Numbers, then Roman Numerals. Point out that this is a bread crumb trail showing how we have browsed through the topics to get to this point. Sometimes this is helpful for learning how to narrow down a topic. We have gone from the Topics Home, to Mathematics, to Math Basics, to Numbers, to Roman Numerals.
Let the class look at the results list for Roman Numerals, then open the first article. Once we are at the full text of an article, we have all the typical tools available.
We are ready to look at one last feature of eLibrary (THE DATABASE).
Click on the Publications tab at the top of the page. This shows us two important things:
1. This is where we could search for a specific title of a magazine, book, etc. We could browse through the alphabetical guide or we could type in a title.
However I want to use this page to look at the "Browse the ProQuest Essentials" link on the right side of the page (picture of a lion).
These are special topics for which ProQuest has gathered information and written background articles. These are the topics that display a 'STAR' like we saw just a few minutes ago.
We did a simple search in the beginning that was specifically designed NOT to hit one of these topics. I wanted to show a simple search with results.
However ProQuest has hundreds (maybe thousands?) of these "Essentials" searches already organized for users. The results page we will see will be very different.
So, click on the letter "D" in the alpha list. Scroll slowly down the page and give the class a chance to see the number and type of topics organized in this fashion. To show one of these Essentials, click on "Dating Violence."
Now we are looking at a very different results page. In the center is a visual and the first part of an article. On the side are links that will "jump" the user down the page to subtopics/sections that can be different depending on the topic.
Click on "more" in the center of the page to bring up the full article. Give the class a chance to get a quick look at this. Use the back button on your browser to get to the previous page. Scroll down and look at the resources that are organized for users on this page.
There are helpful links all over the page that serve as great starting points for research. This provides a wonderful overview of the topic, then users will be able to move on and do more detailed searching using the techniques we did with the basic search in the beginning.
Every time you see a gold "star" in eLibrary (THE DATABASE) you will find this type of organized over view which is called a "ProQuest Essential."
<|endofexample|>
Date Range: April 30, 2011 - April 1, 2011
KIA Billboard Art Contest winners announced
By
April 20, 2011, 9:00AM
16 community gardens awarded grants from Kalamazoo nonprofit Fair Food Matters
By
April 19, 2011, 3:30PM
Kay Ryan named winner of Pulitzer Prize for Poetry
By
April 19, 2011, 2:00PM
Varieties with new features, colors add to perennial garden favorites
By
April 19, 2011, 9:30AM
There's an app for that: Pool features include the ability to manage functions with mobile devices
By
April 19, 2011, 9:07AM
Opening your pool: Spring cleaning applies to more than just your house
By
April 19, 2011, 8:50AM
Good investments: Home improvements that will pay you back
By
April 18, 2011, 5:20PM
Vicksburg couple transforms their Indian Lake home into a Victorian dream
By
April 18, 2011, 4:50PM
Links to all winning and finalist entries from the Kalamazoo Gazette's 2011 Community Literary Awards
By
April 18, 2011, 3:17PM
Celebrate Earth Day with free lawn soil tests at these West Michigan businesses
By
April 18, 2011, 2:00PM
'Sort of old school:' Chef and owner of Cafe 237 in Paw Paw dries and cures his own meats
By
April 18, 2011, 11:00AM
Miller Auditorium announces 2011-2012 Broadway series, including 'Jersey Boys," 'In the Heights' and 'Young Frankenstein'
By
April 18, 2011, 10:00AM
Pianist Denk tackles 'beauty and the beast' of Bach and Ives
By
April 18, 2011, 10:00AM
Kalamazoo Civic Senior Reader's widens the avenue to perform; classic comedy is up next
By
April 18, 2011, 7:00AM
Viewpoint: May 4 conference will focus on understanding addiction from multiple perspectives
By
April 18, 2011, 6:42
<|endofexample|>
OCEANA COUNTY — A memorial service is planned Saturday for a former Pentwater man killed Aug. 11 in a fiery head-on collision.
Flood was one of two drivers killed in a crash near Whitehall when his vehicle collided with a driver from Ludington who was heading the wrong way in the northbound lanes of U.S. 31, just south of the Colby Street exit, police said.
Flood had been driving without headlights in his Ford Focus just prior to the 2 a.m. crash, according to witnesses, police said.
It was not clear whether the headlights were on when his vehicle collided with a Ford Taurus driven in the wrong direction by Mindy Elizabeth-Yung Ostling, of 1027 N. Rath, Ludington.
Both died at the scene. They were alone in their cars.
Flood’s vehicle burst into flames on impact.
<|endofexample|>
GRAND RAPIDS, MI - Letter writer state Rep. Dave Agema, R-Grandville, says Illegal immigration is costing Michigan taxpayers nearly $ 1 billion dollars a year on healthcare, education, welfare jails and human services, not to mention our security and jobs taken by illegals.
"Our Secretary of State is exactly correct," Agema said in his letter to the editor about Secretary Ruth Johnson's decision not to issue driver's licenses or state identification cards to individuals granted employment authorization cards under a federal program, published below:
RELATED: Federal program allows some illegal immigrants to work, but they won't be able to drive in Michigan
RELATED: Protesters call Michigan Secretary of State license denial decision embarrassing
Also on letter writers' minds:
• Sue Schroder's living with cancer column.
• Take back our country.
• Diving is a privilege.
MORE OPINION: Click this link for more Grand Rapids-area opinion pieces.
Email letters of 250-words or less to grletters@mlive.com. Please include a name, address, hometown and phone number. (The address and phone number are for verification purposes only.)
Secretary of State Johnson right to refuse licenses
Thursday's newspaper (Oct 26) is enough to make one gag. Illegal immigration is costing Michigan taxpayers nearly one billion dollars a year on healthcare, education, welfare jails and human services, not to mention our security and jobs taken by illegals. Many work in construction like drywall, roofing, siding, landscaping, etc. These are jobs our citizens need.
As a state representative, I swore to defend this country from all enemies foreign and domestic. When they come here illegally and take jobs, they are law breakers that harm our citizens. Our Secretary of State is exactly correct. Drivers licenses open doors to flights, government buildings, etc., making illegals a security risk ( not to mention they get a voters registration and vote illegally).
A college education is not a right in the USA and certainly not for those that broke the law to get here. Illegal means exactly that. To call them undocumented is political correct garbage. They are taking slots our citizens should get. These colleges are paid for by citizens tax dollars and should be for citizens or those legally present.
Get here legally, or don't come at all. It's not right for all those waiting in line to do so. Our own federal government E-Verifies anyone working a government contract, so should we in Michigan. I applaud Ruth Johnson for doing the right thing, and I hope our legislature has the guts to pass E-Verify for all our government contractors to protect our jobs.
State Rep. Dave Agema, R-Grandville/Grandville
Start moving if you want to feel better
I am writing to express my appreciation for Sue Schroder's column, "Want to be strong, healthy? Investing, sweat equity pays," from Oct. 21. It's not easy to establish and maintain a regular exercise routine, particularly if you are undergoing chemotherapy or struggling with depression.
However, as Dr. Mark Moyad was quoted in her column as saying, exercise is truly the Wonderdrug in terms of its efficacy in both preventing and treating a myriad of physical and mental health issues!
With the crisis in health we as a nation are currently facing, it is critical that we figure out how we can get ourselves to move more. That being said, it's hard to read about a 72-year-old, four-time cancer surviving nun who is exercising 5 to 6 days a week, and come up with valid reasons for not exercising regularly. Usually, it boils down to the fact that we just doing feel like exercising.
The next time you tell yourself you "don't feel like exercising," remember that you don't have to FEEL like doing something in order to do it. Force yourself to get up and get moving, and you will feel better and be better off having done so, both immediately and in the long term.
Brendan Kelly, therapist/co-owner, The Well Being, LLC/Grand Rapids
RELATED: Want to be strong and healthy? Investing sweat equity pay
Become a legal immigrant and receive license, other privileges
What do people not understand about the word illegal? I'm getting a little tired of illegal's wanting all of the privileges and "rights" as we have as citizens of the USA. They are here illegally. They came that way or their parents brought them here illegally. I would not have those freedoms in their country.
Become a citizen and take the route we had to take when we adopted our daughter from Brazil. Yes, it was a long process and tedious but she is a legal citizen because of doing things the right way. Why should they be issued a drivers license? That is also a privilege and not a right in this country ("Protesters call Michigan Secretary of State license denial decision embarrassing," Press, Oct. 26).
I think Michigan and all the other states have the right to deny them any privileges and rights in this country until they become LEGAL.
VALORIE LETTINGA/Grand Rapids
Be respectful of those who share opposite political views
I am truly sorry that those citizens who posted the "take back our country signs" in their yards view those of us who make up the loyal opposition as the enemy. We are loyal citizens of this country from all kinds of ethic, social and financial groups.
The majority of us are God loving people who believe in the many freedoms guaranteed to us by the U.S. Constitution. At the ballot box, we exercise our right to disagree with others. To be in opposition is the great strength of the democratic way and why this nation is as wonderful as it is. Voting is the adult way of creating change. Insulting your neighbors is not.
MARILYN DRUMM/Rockford
<|endofexample|>
MLS SuperDraft Prediction Challenge on Facebook
Think you know who is going to be selected in this year's MLS SuperDraft on Thursday, January 12, at 12pm ET on ESPN2? Head over to the MLS Super Draft tab on Facebook to list your picks. Those who predict all players in the correct order will be entered into a random drawing for a chance to win an MLS Cup ball autographed by the 2011 MLS Champions, the LA Galaxy.
Submit your predictions on Facebook through the MLS Cup Playoff tab between 10AM ET on Tuesday, January 10, and 10AM ET on Thursday, January 12. The winner of the Prediction Challenge will be notified via email, on Monday, January 16, 2012.
Here are some resources to help guide your selections:
- To see the official MLS draft order, click here.
- To see the MLSsoccer.com Mock Draft and learn more about the potential players, click here.
Tune into the MLS Super Draft on Thursday, January 12 at 12PM ET on ESPN2 to see if your predictions come true.
Official Rules
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR ODDS OF WINNING.
OVERVIEW: A single survey featuring five prediction questions will be posted on the MLS Super Draft tab on the MLS Facebook page at 10 AM ET on Tuesday, January 10. These questions will ask fans to predict the top five (5) players, in order picks one (1) though five (5), that will be chosen at the MLS Super Draft on Thursday, January 12, 2012.
- To see the official MLS draft order, click here:
- To see the MLSsoccer.com Mock Draft and learn more about the potential players, click here:
Fans can submit their predictions between 10 AM ET on Tuesday, January 10, and 10 AM ET Thursday, January 12, 2012. A complete entry includes the correct prediction for all five players and the entrant’s first name, last name and a valid email address. All answers must be correct for a chance to win. Fans will not be notified as to whether they got their predictions correct or not.
Correct predictions will be revealed during the MLS Super Draft and posted to the MLS Facebook page at the end of the event. All complete entries with the correct predictions will be entered into a drawing for a chance to win an MLS Cup ball autographed by the 2012 Champions, LA Galaxy.
The winner of the drawing will be notified via email on January 16, 2011. Click here to visit the MLS Facebook page, and then click on the MLS Super Draft tab to submit your predictions.
ELIGIBILITY: Promotion (the “Promotion”)”), and Soccer United Marketing, LLC (“SUM” and together outside the United States and where prohibited or restricted by law, rule or regulation.
WHEN TO ENTER: The Promotion is open between 10 AM ET on Tuesday, January 10, 2012, and ends at 10 AM ET on Thursday, January 12, 2012.
HOW TO ENTER: A computer with Internet access is required to participate in this Promotion. You may submit your entry by logging into Facebook and filling in all the fields on the MLS Super Draft tab at. For this method, registration to become a member of Facebook is required; registration is free. You may also email your prediction to fans@mlssoccer.com with the subject line “MLS Super Draft Prediction”. A complete entry includes the correct prediction for all five players and the entrant’s first name, last name and a valid email address. No additional methods of entry will be accepted.
There is no limit to the amount of predictions you may submit. All information submitted online by entrants is subject to, and will be treated in a manner consistent with MLSsoccer.com’s Terms of Service accessible at, and Privacy Policy accessible at (both of which are incorporated herein by reference). Entrants to the Promotion will be given the option to receive commercial e-mails from MLS Entities; however, eligibility to participate in the Promotion is not dependent upon entrant’s consent to receive such e-mails and consenting to do so will not increase your chances of winning.
No mechanically reproduced, illegible, forged, software generated, other automated or incomplete entries will be accepted. Promotion entries will be deemed null and void and will be rejected if not submitted through authorized, legitimate channels. If a dispute as to the identity of any entrant cannot be resolved to Sponsors’ satisfaction, the entry will be deemed ineligible. Entry must be made by the entrant, only in the manner as set forth herein. All other methods of entry are considered void.
All entries become the exclusive property of Sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. As permitted by law, each entrant agrees that personal information collected in connection with the Promotion may be shared with the Sponsor to contact you regarding promotional update; information; messages; and for other reasons via electronic and/or ordinary mail and, will be used by Sponsor and such promotional partners in compliance with their respective privacy practices.
SELECTION: The winner of the Promotion will be randomly selected from those who correctly predicted the answers. The decisions of Sponsor are final and binding on all matters relating to this Promotion. Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received.
- Prize: MLS Cup ball autographed by the 2012 Champions, LA Galaxy. Estimated retail value: $250.
- Registration Period Begins: 10 AM ET on Tuesday, January 10, 2012
- Registration Period Ends: 10 AM ET on Thursday, January 12, 2012
- Selection Date: Monday, January 16, 2012
- Winner Notification Date: Monday, January 16, 2012 Promotion.
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook. You are providing your information to Major League Soccer, LLC and not to Facebook. Visit during the Promotion Period and follow the instructions provided to fully complete and submit the Official Entry Form. Promotion.
WINNERS’ LIST: For the name of the winner (available after January 16, 2012), mail a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Major League Soccer, Digital Department, 14 E. 38th Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10018. Winner’s name requests must be received by February 16, 2012.
SPONSOR: The Sponsor of this Promotion is Major League Soccer, L.L.C.
<|endofexample|>
Real Salt Lake vs Tauro FC 08-22-2012 - Recap
Matchcenter
CCL Recap: Saborio, Beckerman guide RSL to vital 2-0 win
SANDY, Utah – Paulo Jr. provided the spark needed, and Álvaro Saborío and Kyle Beckerman lit the fire as Real Salt Lake posted a 2-0 win over Panamanian champions Tauro FC to claim a vital CONCACAF Champions League win Tuesday night at Rio Tinto Stadium.
The Brazilian striker provided the magic needed to break the barrier on the net after a scoreless first half. Saborío was the benefactor, but it was the Brazilian's incredible 40-yard run, beating two defenders in the process to put himself 15 yards from goal that got things going. Though his initial attempt was saved, Saborío was on hand to easily put away the rebound.
The goal stood up as a winner in a must-win match for RSL, taking them ahead of Herediano on goal differential in Group 2, though the Claret-and-Cobalt have played one more game than their Costa Rican rivals, whom they fell to 1-0 in their opening match of the competition.
FULL LINEUPS AND BOX SCORE
Real faced a bunkered-in defense that made the most of every foul, but nearly broke through the 36th minute. Ned Grabavoy collected a short clearance at the top of the box, settled, and ripped a left-foot blast that cannoned off the left post and back out.
Paulo probably should have given the Claret and Cobalt the lead three minutes later, but in what became a recurring theme, Tauro 'keeper Álvaro Anzola came up huge, stopping an initial shot and a quick rebound after.
Saborío was next in the line of RSL near-misses. In the 45th minute, after a couple of different touches in the box, the ball bounded up high, leaving Saborío to leap up and head goalwards, only for Anzola to make another spectacular save to keep things level.
The stats reflected the home side's dominance, as RSL outshot Tauro 11-2 with a 61-39 advantage in possesion, but the two sides were level on the scoreboard. Paulo and Saborío changed that just minutes into the second half.
OPTA Chalkboard: RSL's midfield in full control
And RSL captain Beckerman pretty much iced the suspense in the 58th minute. Unlike the first goal, Paulo was credited with the assist this time. He took the ball down the left side before cutting the ball back just outside the penalty area to Beckerman. After one fake to the right, he cut the ball back to his left foot and hit a rocket to the bottom-right corner of the net.
The end of the game wasn't all rosy for Real, though, as Beckerman saw a straight red card for dangerous play. The scrappy midfielder went into a challenge at midfield with his studs well up, leaving little doubt for the referee.
The red card means Beckerman will be merely a spectator when RSL visits Panama Sept. 18 for their third game of the four-team CONCACAF group play. In the meantime, they will look ahead to a Friday trip to the Philadelphia Union.
MLSsoccer.com Men of the Match
<|endofexample|>
The live card begins below.
Wachovia Center is nearly full as the opening bout of the undercard begins. Philly is ready to see some fights. As such, Danillo Villefort probably gets the loudest cheer of his life as he's lucky enough to be the first fighter to enter the arena.
Jesse Lennox vs. Danillo Villefort
Round one: First boo took all of 12 seconds as the fighters circled. Lennox tried a takedown but Villefort grabbed the top of the railing and stayed upright. He then took Lennox down and landed a series of overhand rights. Villefort followed him to the ground by Lennox returned to his feet. Lennox caught a Villefort kick and took him down, but didn't follow him there. Villefort then landed a spinning back kick to the crowd's delight. With about 10 seconds left, Villefort hit another spinning back kick. Lennox got a takedown as the round ended. FanHouse scores the round for Villefort, 10-9.
Round two: Lennox landed a hard left hook a minute in, then connected with a flurry. Lennox starting to get the better of the standup, and hurt Villefort with a hook. Villefort went to his back, hoping to bait Lennox to the ground, but Lennox let him back up. Villefort looks to be tiring. Lennox landed a straight right that put Villefort down, then landed a few more shots. Lennox again let him up. Crowd is eating up the exchanges. FanHouse scores the round for Lennox, 10-9.
Round three: Lennox rocked Villefort early again, and he fell to his back. Again, Lennox didn't want to engage him on the ground and let him stand. Villefort is tough, though, goading him. Lennox hurt him again with a straight right/left hook combo. Villefort circles away. Villefort tries to take him down, and Lennox ends up with the takedown. This time, he stays on the ground in Villefort's guard. Dangerous. Villefort tries an arm bar. Lennox defends for 45 seconds, then just as it seems Villefort is going to get the submission, Lennox spins out and the crowd explodes. On the break, the ref calls timeout to look at Villefort's cut, and the fight is stopped.
Winner: Jesse Lennox via TKO (cut stoppage)
George Roop vs. George Sotiropoulos
Round one: Roop missed a takedown try and because he was off-balance, Sotiropoulos was able to take him down. He quickly worked to side control and then full mount. Roop took little damage and was able to reverse position and work his way out. Sotiropoulos landed a hard left hook, but Roop shook his head as if it didn't hurt him. With two minutes left, Sotiropoulos dragged him down. He again moved to side control, then took his back with 45 sconds left. Sotiropoulos lost his hook and Roop escaped. Good grappling. FanHouse scores the round for Sotiropoulos, 10-9.
Round two: Sotiropoulos took him down and quickly worked to mount. As he postured up for punches, Roop bucked him and regained guard temporarily. Sotiropoulos moved to side control and in a flash secured a kimura for the win.
Winner: George Sotiropoulos via kimura submission.
Matt Riddle vs. Dan Cramer
Round one: Significant size differential to the naked eye, as Riddle is much bigger. Riddle tried a takedown and slipped. Cramer got his back. Cramer tried the takedown and eventually got it, but Riddle got back to his feet immediately. Riddle went for a takedown and Cramer tried a guillotine with one arm in. Riddle worked his way out with 2:30 left to a big pop from the crowd. Riddle works from his back with a few punches as Cramer gets upright. Big right from Cramer on the break. Close round but FanHouse scores it for Riddle 10-9.
Round two: Riddle gets an early takedown but isn't able to do much with the position. After a minute, he takes Cramer's back and scores with a few hammerfists that seem to hurt Cramer. Riddle is controlling the action on the ground but not doing much damage. With 45 seconds left, Riddle tries a rear naked choke, but can't cinch it. FanHouse scores the round for Riddle, 10-9.
Round three: Cramer lands a hard right and Riddle lands a left kick at the same time. Riddle slips down and Cramer gets top position. Riddle tries an arm bar, then slips out and reverses position. He gets side control and thuds some knees into Cramer's ribs. Riddle bloodies Cramer's left eye with an elbow. More hard elbows. With 1:40 left, Riddle gets mount and smashes him with a few punches. Cramer is super-tough but will need a miracle in the last minute. It doesn't come. Cramer mauls him until the closing bell. FanHouse scores the round for Riddle, 10-9, and he should win a decision.
Winner: Matt Riddle by decision
Thales Leites vs. Alessio Sakara
Round one: Leites, not surprisingly, tries the takedown early, but Sakara stuffs it. Leites gets a takedown at 3:00, but trips and Sakara escapes back to his feet. Unlike his last match against Anderson Silva, Leites is pushing most of the action. Crowd booing, but it's not Leites' fault. FanHouse scores the round for Leites 10-9.
Round two: Leites gets the takedown 30 seconds into the round. Leites tries to take his back, Sakara rolls into him and then gets upright. Leites timed a Sakara elbow perfectly, ducked levels and took him down again. Again, Sakara escapes. Sakara lands a punch and Leites falls to his back, but was likely just trying to draw Sakara in. Sakara follows him down for a second, but then gets back to his feet. Leites scores another takedown with a minute left. Leites mounts briefly but Sakara bucks him off. Leites gets mount again. Leites lands a few elbows as time runs out. FanHouse scores the round for Leites 10-9.
Round three: Sakara still defensive despite likely being behind on scorecards. Crowd gets restless as Sakara shurgs off a takedown try. Sakara's strategy seems to be move in, land a punch, get back out, but it's not making for compelling theater. Leites is the one moving action forward. Ref calls time and warns the fighters to engage. That's rare. Leites immediately takes him down, takes his back. Sakara bucks him off again, then lets Leites up. FanHouse scores the round for Leites 10-9 though I can see a case for a 10-10.
Winner: Alessio Sakara via split-decision (one judge scored it 30-27 Leites, two scored in 29-28 Sakara).
Tamdan McCrory vs. John Howard
Round one: McCrory lands eary flurry, goes for guillotine. Howard escapes. Howard's haircut rules; flames cut into his hair. Anyway, McCrory uses an omo plata to get up, then lands a knee in the clinch. McCrory has a huge reach advantage here. He's 6-4, Howard is 5-7. Together they look they can be a buddy-cop movie. McCrory gets the takedown. Howard gets up. McCrory tries a flying triangle. Howard dumps him down. Howard not able to do much with the position, and the ref stands them up with 20 seconds to go. FanHouse scores the round for McCrory 10-9.
Round two: Howard gets an early takedown. Again, not able to do much and he backs out. Back to standup momentarily, until Howard takes him down again. Howard tried the d'arce, had it tight for a second, but McCrory wriggled free. McCrory ended up on top and tries to mount but Howard breaks free. McCrory lands a hard knee from the clinch, but Howard dumps him down again. Howard's having a tough time dealing with McCrory's length, but he's hanging tough. FanHouse scores the round for Howard 10-9.
Round three: Howard with another takedown early. He isn't able to score any offense from inside. The two stand again. McCrory hits a throw takedown but Howard somehow ends up on top. Howard lands his best punch of the fight with a right diving into McCrory's guard. Back to their feet, Howard hits an impressive single leg slam takedown. McCrory's inability to stop the takedown may lose him the match. McCrory reverses with 30 seconds left. FanHouse scores the round for Howard 10-9.
Winner: John Howard by split decision (29-28, 29-28, 28-29)
Shane Nelson vs. Aaron Riley
Round one: Riley landed a hard left early. A few seconds later, another. Nelson went down but it was hard to tell if he tripped or it was a delayed reaction to the punch. Either way, he recovered quickly. the two spent the majority of the round in standup with neither landing particularly much. FanHouse calls the round a 10-10 draw.
Round two: The two southpaws continued to stifle each other, but Riley began landing more frequently and pushing the action. Midway through the round, he used a strong knee to the body, then scores a takedown. Unable to advance position or land, the referee breaks up the action. By virtue of controlling the action and landing the few solid strikes, FanHouse scores the round for Riley 10-9.
Round three: Riley scored a takedown early in the round and worked Nelson over from the top for almost the duration of the round. A fight broke out in section 103 that stole the crowd's attention for at least a minute. How dumb to get booted before Silva-Griffin and Penn-Florian. Anyhow, FanHouse scores the round and fight for Riley.
Winner: Riley by!
<|endofexample|>
UFC suspends Nate Diaz for 90 days, fines him $20,000 for derogatory tweet
by MMAjunkie.com Staff on May 17, 2013 at 8:45 pm ET
A day after handing Nate Diaz an indefinite suspension pending an investigation, the UFC has come up with its terms for the recent lightweight title challenger following a derogatory tweet. Diaz has been suspended for 90 days and fined $20,000.
<|endofexample|>
Urijah Faber's next move unclear, but former WEC champ says flyweight not an option
by John Morgan on Jul 22, 2012 at 4:55 am ET."
Faber found himself in a similar position in 2010 after losing his 145-pound title to Mike Brown then losing a rematch with Brown and later a shot against current UFC champion Jose Aldo. With three-straight losses in 145-pound title fights, Faber dropped to 135 pounds and began his march to the bantamweight title. That run ended in a loss to champ Dominick Cruz at July 2011's UFC 132 event.
Faber (26-6 MMA, 2-2 UFC) was originally scheduled to meet Cruz again, but an injury forced the champ out of the bout, and "The California Kid" instead faced Renan Barao (29-1 MMA, 4-0 UFC) in the main event of Saturday's UFC 149 event in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The Brazilian was masterful in his handling of Faber and earned a clearcut unanimous-decision win and the interim bantamweight belt.
"Barao fought a smart fight," Faber said. "He was really good with his length. He was able to keep me at bay and fight a smart fight.
"I would have liked to have gotten crazy in there a bit, but it probably wouldn't have been the smartest thing. I was trying to punch him in the face, and I didn't get it done."
But the 5-foot-6 Californian said another reinvention simply isn't in the cards. While the road to the bantamweight title may have just been lengthened, Faber said he's committed to climbing the rankings yet again.
"It's just a matter of healing up and then reassess how I want to approach this thing and what I need to do to make it where I win the belt or decide what I want to do from there," Faber said. "I'm going to go home, relax, talk to these guys and see what the deal is."
Cruz, who is currently recovering from a surgery to repair a torn knee ligament, isn't likely to be Faber's next opponent, despite the rivalry that exists between the two and the tension that was evident during the pair's run on "The Ultimate Fighter: Live." And Faber has already challenged and beaten many of the division's best fighters, including Raphael Assuncao, Brian Bowles, Takeya Mizugako, Eddie Wineland and others.
For now, there simply doesn't seem to be a clear next move for the 33-year-old, but UFC president Dana White said he remains a Faber fan and will work to find a proper opportunity.
"He's going to hear about it from Cruz," White said. "But I don't know. It's one of those things we've got to figure out.
"We love Urijah. He's been a great fighter in the WEC and the UFC, so we'll see what happens."
For more on UFC 149, stay tuned to the UFC Events section of the site.
(Pictured: Urijah Faber)
Share Your Thoughts
Please log in above before posting your comment.
<|endofexample|>
After recent wins, UFC's Tom Watson wants Wanderlei Silva next
by MMAjunkie.com Staff on Mar 04, 2013 at 12:45 pm ET
Soon after Silva (35-12-1 MMA, 5-7 UFC) flatted Brian Stann (12-6 MMA, 6-5 UFC) at Saturday's event in Saitama, Japan, fellow recent winner and English middleweight Tom "Kong" Watson (16-5 MMA, 1-1 UFC) called him out.
Silva, who's recently been competing at middleweight, took the fight with Stann at light heavyweight and recently suggested it could be a permanent move.
"Yo @wandfc, stay on your supplements at 205, or come back to 185 and get knocked the f--- out," he tweeted. "You decide? Obrigado @ufc & @danawhite."
It's a peculiar callout. Despite being a former UCMMA and BAMMA champion, Watson, who occasionally trains with Stann, doesn't have much name recognition outside of the U.K., though his recent "Knockout of the Night" of Stanislav Nedkov this past month at UFC on FUEL TV 7 certainly helped. Additionally, with half of his career wins coming via knockout, he'd present an interesting stylistic matchup for the free-swinging Silva.
As of early Monday, though, Silva offered no response to Watson's tweet.
Silva was stuck in a 2-4 skid before this weekend's win, which netted him $100,000 in "Fight of the Night" and "KO of the Night" bonuses. Although the win came in the country where Silva's career first flourished – and though it could've been a perfect place for the 36-year-old to announce his retirement – he said he's "fighting one fight at a time right now" and suggested he could soon return to the cage.
For complete coverage of UFC on FUEL TV 8, stay tuned to the UFC Events section of the site.
(Pictured: Tom Watson)
Share Your Thoughts
Please log in above before posting your comment.
<|endofexample|>
A 145-pound fight between UFC lightweight veterans turned WEC featherweights, Leonard "Bad Boy" Garcia (13-4) and Manny "Pitbull" Gamburyan (9-4), is currently under consideration for WEC 44 in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Nov.18, according to Sherdog.com.
The report indicates that both fighters have verbally agreed to throw down in "Sin City."
"The Pitbull" was the runner-up on season five of The Ultimate Fighter (TUF) after injuring his shoulder in the beginning of the second round of the championship fight with Nate Diaz. After six months on the sidelines nursing the injury, Gamburyan returned to the Octagon and ran through is first two opponents, Nate Mohr and Jeff Cox.
However, the Armenian fighter then went on to lose his next two contests under the UFC banner to Rob Emerson and Thiago Tavares, respectively. That's when he decided to make the move to the WEC where he could compete in his more natural weight class of 145 pounds.
Gamburyan made his debut for the organization back in June on the WEC 41 card, earning a hard-fought unanimous decision over John Franchi.
"Bad Boy" took a similar route to get to where he's at now. He wasn't on the reality show, but he made a name for himself as a lightweight in the UFC, too, before dropping down to featherweight. In fact, his fight against highly regarded 155-pound fighter Roger Huerta at UFC 69 was widely considered to be one of the best fights of 2007.
The Greg Jackson product has put together a solid record (3-1) since joining the WEC, with the lone loss coming to the champ Mike Brown in the championship main event of WEC 39. Garcia's coming off a win in his most recent outing -- a split decision over Jameel Massouh last month at WEC 42.
The main event for WEC 44 is expected to be a featherweight title bout between defending champion Mike Thomas Brown and Brazilian challenger Jose "Junior" Aldo. "Razor" Rob McCullough, L.C. Davis, Diego Nunes, Cub Swanson and others have also been rumored to be competing.
Stay tuned to MMAmania.com for more on the developing WEC 44 fight card.
There are 16 Comments. Load Now.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!
<|endofexample|>
MMAmania.com has a complete preview for Saturday night's UFC 156 co-main event between light heavyweights Rashad Evans and Antonio Rogerio Nogueira. What's the key to victory for both men? Find out below.
Two long-time veteran light heavyweights will finally meet this Saturday night (Feb. 2, 2013) as Rashad Evans battles Antonio Rogerio Nogueira in the co-main event of UFC 156 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Evans has competed since losing a unanimous decision to former friend and teammate Jon Jones last April, the only fighter to go the distance with Jones since he made his run to become champion. "Suga" has hinted a potential move to middleweight and challenging Anderson Silva, but he'll have to get past Nogueira first before that's even a possibility.
Antonio Rogerio Nogueira has had mixed results since moving to the UFC back in 2009. He's gone 3-2 while fighting irregularly, but is hoping that he can score by far his most significant victory inside the Octagon this Saturday night to potentially make a run towards the top of the division.
Will Evans secure his spot as one of the top dogs at both 205 and 185 pounds? Can Nogueira rise to the occasion and play spoiler? What's the key to victory for both men?
Rashad Evans
Record: 17-1-1 overall, 12-1-1 in the UFC
Key Wins: Quinton Jackson (UFC 114), Phil Davis (UFC on FOX 2), Forrest Griffin (UFC 92)
Key Losses: Jon Jones (UFC 145), Lyoto Machida (UFC 98)
How he got here: After a respectable career wrestling at Michigan State, Rashad Evans, under the wing of former UFC tournament champion Dan Severn, won his first five professional fights. This earned him an opportunity to compete on season two of The Ultimate Fighter (TUF).
Despite fighting at a weight class heavier than normal, Evans tore through the heavyweights on the show, eventually working his way to the finale where he earned a split decision victory over the significantly larger Brad Imes to become The Ultimate Fighter season two champion.
After some less than dominant split and majority decision victories over Sam Hoger and Stephan Bonnar, Evans finally found his groove, earning a technical knockout (TKO) over Jason Lambert with ground and pound and then scoring one of the UFC's all time nastiest finishes with the head kick knockout of Sean Salmon.
Evans would go on to have his now infamous draw with Tito Ortiz and would follow it up by defeating Michael Bisping via decision, sending him to the middleweight division. The victory would earn "Suga" a number one contender match against former champion Chuck Liddell and one massive overhand right would change his life forever, flooring Liddell, earning "Knockout of the Year," and earning him his first title shot against champion Forrest Griffin.
After a shaky first couple rounds against Griffin at UFC 92, Evans took advantage of a slip, pounced and pummeled his way to victory to take the title and standing atop the division. His title reign would be short, though, halted by Lyoto Machida in his first defense just five months later.
Since losing the championship, Evans rebounded nicely by defeating Thiago Silva and "Rampage" Jackson via decision, but an ill-advised choice to sit on the sidelines and wait for Mauricio Rua's knee to recover cost him badly. After nine months of waiting, "Suga" injured his knee while training and had to watch teammate Jon Jones crush "Shogun" and win the belt he'd had his eyes on for over a year.
Evans rolled through both Tito Ortiz and Phil Davis to earn a shot at his now former teammate, but would lose a decision to "Bones" last April. Now, he's got a potential opportunity to drop to middleweight and take on Anderson Silva should be defeat Antonio Rogerio Nogueira.
How he gets it done: Evans' secret weapon ever since losing his title was going back to his roots in the wrestling department. He was able to utilize it very effectively against Thiago Silva, Quinton Jackson and even former national champion Phil Davis, although he stepped off the gas against Jones.
Evans can also back up his wrestling with power. His ferocious knockouts of Liddell, Salmon and his title victory over Griffin should be a testament to that.
Expect "Suga" to dance around Nogueira early, utilizing his speed and movement and looking to land the power. The key for Evans is to get Nogueira to second guess. He needs to throw his hands when Nogueira is expecting a takedown and then shoot when "Little Nog" is expecting punches.
If Rashad can take Nogueira down, he needs to not only keep him down, but also to try and score some damage with strikes. He should be cautious to avoid the half guard sweep, but as long as he does that, he should be able fine.
Antonio Rogerio Nogueira
Record: 20-5 overall, 3-2 in the UFC
Key Wins: Tito Ortiz (UFC 140), Vladimir Matyushenko (Affliction: Day of Reckoning), Alistair Overeem 2x (Pride Critical Countdown Absolute, Pride 29)
Key Losses: Phil Davis (UFC Fight Night 24), Ryan Bader (UFC 119), Mauricio Rua (Pride Critical Countdown 2005)
How he got here: Being the brother of one of the greatest heavyweights in MMA history has its perks, and it didn't hurt if you're a very talented fighter as well. Antonio Rogerio Nogueira was competing in Pride Fighting Championships in just his third professional bout and he would win his first seven fights in the promotion, scoring significant victories over Kazushi Sakuraba, Alistair Overeem and Dan Henderson in the process.
He'd finally have his momentum halted by Mauricio "Shogun" Rua in one of the most exciting back-and-forth battles of 2005 and then would fall victim to one of the biggest upsets of 2007 when he was knocked out by Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou in just 23 seconds.
"Lil Nog" would get back on track, winning fights with Affliction, Sengoku and even Jungle Fights in Brazil before signing with the UFC and he would make a terrific first impression, knocking Luiz Cane senseless in less than two minutes with his southpaw boxing style.
After a controversial victory over Jason Brilz, Nogueira dropped two straight close decisions against tough undefeated (at the time) wrestling prospects Ryan Bader and Phil Davis. He was slated to take on Rich Franklin at UFC 133 but had to back out due to injury. After recuperating, he destroyed Tito Ortiz at UFC 140 and hasn't been heard from since, recovering from injuries in the interim.
Now, finally healthy, "Little Nog" is out for blood against Evans to try to really make his mark on the UFC's light heavyweight division.
How he gets it done: Nogueira's most obvious advantage against Evans will be his crisp technical boxing. He needs to do whatever it takes to keep this fight standing and stay in the pocket with the former UFC champion. Footwork will be key, and he can't put everything he's got into his strikes or he'll risk giving Evans an opportunity to take him down.
Look for Nogueira to keep circling with every strike he throws, avoiding getting cut off against the fence or giving Evans an opening to drive him forward into the cage or with a takedown attempt. If he can keep this fight in his world, he's going to be in very good shape.
If Evans takes him down, Nogueira has some of the best half guard play in all of MMA right now. His sweeps are terrific and all it takes is the slightest imbalance and he could reverse position against his veteran opponent. Don't be surprised if he allows Evans to pass to half guard just so he can be more active with his bottom game.
Nogueira shouldn't waste time going for submissions against Evans, however. He should just try to escape back to his feet and then go right back to work with his striking, trying to make something happen. Evans gets rocked in many of his fights and it could very well happen here.
Poll
Who walks away with a big victory in the light heavyweight division?
Rashad Evans (79 votes)
Antonio Rogerio Nogueira (20 votes)
99 total votes.
<|endofexample|>
TOKYO, Japan Two more bouts as well as the bout order have been announced for PRIDE FIGHTINGS BUSHIDO VOLUME 7 event. Tatsuya Kawajiri of Japan will face Kim In Seok of Korea and Aaron Riley of the American Top Team will take on Omigawa Michihiro. The bout order is listed below:
PRIDE FC: BUSHIDO VOLUME 7Fight CardShown in order from first (bottom) to last (top)Takanori Gomi (Japan) vs. Luiz Azeredo (Brazil)Phil Baroni (USA) vs. Ikuhisa The Punk Minowa (Japan)Ryo Chonan (Japan) vs. Nino "Elvis" Schembri (Brazil)Tatsuya Kawajiri (Japan) vs. Kim In Seok (Korea)Akihiro Gono (Japan) vs. Crosley Gracie (Brazil)Hayato Mach Sakurai (Japan) vs. Milton Vieira (Brazil)Omigawa Michihiro (Japan) vs. Aaron Riley (USA)Dokonjyonosuke Mishima (Japan) vs. Yves Edwards (USA)Taisho (Japan) vs. Jens Pulver (USA)Yoshiro Maeda (Japan) vs. Charles "Krazy Horse" Bennett (USA)
Previously announced bouts include Takanori Gomi (Japan) versus Luiz Azeredo (Brazil), The New York Bad Ass Phil Baroni (USA) versus Ikuhisa The Punk Minowa (Japan), Taisho (Japan) versus Jens Pulver (USA), Dokonjyonosuke Mishima (Japan) versus Yves Edwards (USA), and Akihiro Gono (Japan) versus Crosley Gracie (Brazil). BUSHIDO VOLUME 7:DIRECTV, DISH Network, and TVN: Friday, June 3rd, 2005 @ 7:00 pm PST, 10:00 pm EST iNDEMAND: Sunday, June 5th, 2005 @ 6:00 pm PST, 9:00 pm EST
BUSHIDO VOLUME 7 will be available at a reduced rate of $19.95. For additional replay times, please contact your pay per view provider or pridefc.com.
For more information on PRIDE FC, visit pridefc.com!
<|endofexample|>
248-393-3970
MMC Detroit
We appreciate you taking the time to look at our site for your automotive needs. We hope to provide you with the best possible products and services at a fair price. Our family has specialized in Dodge and Plymouth cars since 1950. We offer services ranging from appraisals, authenticating, quality inspector, validation, pre-purchase inspections, expert witness, restoration consulting and local and national show judging. Fees are quoted upon request.
The services we provide are the same ones that we have provided for many national winning show cars.
We pride ourselves at keeping informed with all facets of the Mopar automobile hobby relating to 60's & 70's muscle/collector cars in order to stay current with the pulse of the hobby and pass valuable information onto our customers.
This web site will be developed to be the best source to obtain information relating to all aspects of Mopar automobile hobby from restoration services, parts dealers, car registries and classic car dealers. If you have any suggestions or comments that would improve this site, or make it more user-friendly, please let us know.
Over the past 50+ years a vast collection of reference material has been assembled such as but not limited to the following:
Please feel free to contact us for your needs and we will assist to the best of our ability.
Again, thanks for taking your valuable time to look at our Web site!
<|endofexample|>
I agreed to go caroling with a group of my friends and their parents, but before I went, I realized I didn't know the verses to a lot of my favorite songs. Sometimes I accidentally make up lyrics and I don't always realize it until someone corrects me. Anyway, I didn't it would be a big problem because there were enough of us that I could get away with singing quietly if I didn't know all the right words. When we started "Joy to the World", I totally wasn't thinking, but I knew I knew the words to this one, so I started singing louder. We got to "let every heart, prepare him --" and not thinking, I didn't sing "room", I sang "vegetables!" I hadn't done that since I was like four years old!
-Christine, 12
<|endofexample|>
TBH what the hell is wrong with the simple fact that BM and SV are top dogs atm spec wise for hunters???? I am sick and tired of MM and am glad I can be BM again. As far as PvP is concerned well I don't I loathe it with a passion. BM/SV are for now the specs to play in PvE deal with same as dealing with bugs, its a game it isn't perfect nor will it ever be perfect unless your a mage ofcourse
<|endofexample|>
so my groups working on this, and we only had one real attempt on the last boss. and i noticed that our dps wasnt quite there to kill it before the 6th add spawns. the dk in our group is usually dps, but gave me the idea for myself (prot pally) to go ret which is my ms, and he go blood, because he says he'd be able to tank the boss while being blood but in all dps gear. so im just kinda questioning how possible that would be, if he could survive the boss for about that minute needed to kill in dps gear.
has anyone else done this? because as prot i'm not going to be able to push maybe more than 60k dps if i changed to two dps trinkets.
<|endofexample|>
Advanced Member
Joined: 7/26/09
Posts: 171
Spotlight Poster
Joined: 9/04/10
Posts: 217
Feethree
Originally posted by altas I love Mesmer, but it has some flaws. In sPVP is a little bit overpowered (personal opinion, others says it isn't good) but in PVE sux. Had a really nasty moments in PVE, was pissed off, but overall - I have fun. Control/support is success to play this class, because output damage is low. Illusions know to hit really hard, but they dying fast. I hope Anet will continue to work more on this profession. On the other hand, If you want to master combat style of GW2, pick Mesmer. Maybe tomorrow if you pick something else as secondary, you will be unstopable. :)
To be honest, I was having this same feeling using my own mesmer but only with Moa Bird. In 1v1 I'm able to take on any class save the occasional ranger-without-reflect dome or Condition necro-without-Null Field.
In PvP, I found the most success by splitting my roles down within my own profession. My phantasms do the damage, my sword clone, offhand sword daze, and utility abilities "control" the opponent, and I just run around supporting myself by simply helping me live, blinking, and controlling my opponent. I wonder if anyone here played against someone named "Spore".
And in Raid of the Capricorn, don't even get me started on the spear weapon kit. It's like we were supposed to be OP underwater or something.
As for PvE, I must agree that phantasms are just too squishy for my tastes. I wish they could simply take more hits.
Joined: 7/09/06
Posts: 1764
Mesmer was originally my main,until I saw them running everywhere on my server..
Elite Member
Joined: 1/04/05
Posts: 3768
It's because they are an offensive support class. They also have the highest skill cap in the game.
I also had a tough time figuring out exactly how to play my mesmer. Everything just felt 'meh' in terms of power. Even the greatsword (I think they nerfed it a bit, but I'm not positive).
However, once you figure it out the class is a lot of fun. Clones can be a pain at first, because they are rather weak, but you basically have a number of choices when using them. They can either be ammo (for shatter builds), DPS (with phantasms, the trait that lets your clones apply bleeds), or they can be distractions. In short, mesmers are great at indirect damage / utililty. Much like necros, but generally more complicated.
Indirect roles are also ones that people tend to shy away from. Most people are bad at that type of playstyle, and you will always see the most direct classes (usually damage roles) being the most popular. That's why you see so many warriors, rangers, and elementalists. They are all really simple classes to play, and it's easy to pack a really big punch without much effort.
Apprentice Member
Joined: 10/21/08
Posts: 73
Mesmer is more difficult to play but if you're willing to spend time to learn it then it 's a "powerful" class.
When I say powerful, I don't mean it in a dps sense. We all know that Mesmer is really not a dps class like the Elementalist. Mesmer never was a dps class ever since GW 1. I played a Mesmer in GW 1 and it took me a long while to learn the mechnics of the class. At one point, I even gave up on it. And i hate running into a Mesmer mobs because Mesmer is "annoying". (That's how I would describe it...) Mesmer's job is to annoying people. ;-) And they are pretty good at it.
If you followed how A-Net introduced their professons on the website back then. They did mention at one point(blog or news?) that the order of how they introduce each professon is based on the playing difficulties of the professons from easy to hard. And right there I knew Mesmer would be the last professon they introduce because it is a difficult professon to play well.
Hard Core Member
Joined: 10/29/07
Posts: 15536
The least played class is mesmer followed by thief and the hardest class to play is mesmer followed by thief...
I see some connection there. But in my case I just love playing thief.
Joined: 5/06/06
Posts: 2190
Originally posted by Fadedbomb best part about warrior is jumping in the puddles and doing your axe spin to spray whatever you jumped in all over the place
Joined: 7/10/12
Posts: 65
I'm having a blast with my Mesmer.
Staff / scepter + torch
I focus on creating Ethereal fields for the Chaos Armor and Confusion combos for me and especially others. I constanly shatter my illusions as I've confusion on all my shatters.
Joined: 6/26/08
Posts: 470
In every MMO there are classes where you have situational awareness and to push a lot of buttons in careful patterns to get the same result (i.e. a dead mob) as most other classes can get by pushing fewer buttons and just mashing 'em.
Some people like to multitask, have stuff to do, to be active at the keyboard and mouse and have situational awareness.
Such people will find the Mesmer immensely satisfying.
But most people aren't like that - they like to have things a bit easier (or avoid RSI! :) ) and/or they like to focus on what's in front of them. Such people (i.e. the vast majority of people) won't like the Mesmer profession (or generally, any "mage", "cleric" or "tank" class).
Actually, it's also sometimes to do with mood. If you have a few alts, it's nice to have the option of either style of gameplay. One isn't always in the mood for concentration, and ometimes it's nice to just hang back and mash. But generally, one will prefer a particular style most of the time.
Joined: 10/13/07
Posts: 2113
I love my mesmer, but I'm often the only one in the crowd (be it in pve and pvp). Warrior and thief are the most popular at the moment because they can do damage and it's obviously what the majority of the playerbase goes for (which is the case in most MMOs). Mesmer, necromancer and elementalist are low on damage which is why they're less popular.
In pvp I see nothing but thief, maybe 7 in every 10 players is a thief, mesmer shines big time in groups and people hate fighting them because of the confusing clones.
Novice Member
Joined: 6/22/06
Posts: 1501
None of you understand. I'm not locked in here with you. You're locked in here with me!
I play a level 80 ele and a newly 80 mesmer. if you think mesmer is low on damage I have just three words for you... get - a - clue.playing mesmer as a pet class is royal fail. playing mesmer as a scepter/dps class is royal fail. a mesmer is a magical duelist.if you fight groups go sword focus (phantasmal warden, group pull)if you fight veterans go double sword (clone generating block)if you fight single champs go sword pistol (phantasmal duelist)scepter aka clone generator and staff are support weapons... and clones are there to be shattered, not to be your pet... they are meant to die and do damage...
M
PS: And mass purge and mass haste are arguably the single best support skills in the game. With a sword/scepter setup I can literally go head on against 5, 6 or seven same level mobs and AoE them down? rotation on sword focus? - null field, combo illusionary leap (creates clone and chaos armor), summon phantasmal warden, enter fray, stand NEXT to the warden and pop blurred frenzy, if you've got ranged mobs, pop temporal curtain and immediatly blow into the void pulling the guys into your AoE range, use mirror images when warden runs out and shatter immediatly inside the enemy pack for AoE damage, roll backwards, illusionary leap, blurred frenzy... and start over as often as you want. I can tear through tons of enemies like that WITHOUT being hit in the face like my elementalist who does ist slightly faster but can't sustain rotations without getting hit.../29/07
Posts: 528
Level 80 Mesmer here.
I love him. Awesome support and good solo dps if you play your class right, and you can play it many ways. If you are looking for a faceroll keyboard class, this is not it...
Joined: 5/05/12
Posts: 49
Joined: 10/20/10
Posts: 1003
A well played mesmer in WvW is the most epic class ever and wins battles for you.
A quick insight on damage they can unleash with a group:
Ogrewatch under attack by 40 invadersThief + Mesmer creates stealth + portal You and 15 defenders instandly stand in stealth and unleas all your AoE and make massive amount of kills.
Mesmer when well played with a group is one of the most deadly classes ingame :)
Solo they care quite hard to take down also they clone and it takes a few moments to figure out wich one you need to target.That few moments alone can break and make the fight.
I think mesmer is one of the most underestimated classes by far.
Joined: 5/27/12
Posts: 266
Joined: 8/30/08
Posts: 4773....
Don't judge a mesmer by PvE, they shine in PvP and it's mainly because of there clones. They cause a great deal of confusion, even when simply trying to finish off a downed mesmer. Next Mesmer can do some massive spike damage.
Mesmer has survivability and damage, in PvP... In PvE the mobs tends to simply ignore the clones which makes half the mesmer style pointless.
- Page Created in 2.199 seconds -
<|endofexample|>
Novice Member
Joined: 7/31/11
Posts: 4
Still waiting almost One & half year have past but still NO go for Global?
How long we have to wait for this awasome MMORPG?
Hard Core Member
Joined: 11/29/06
Posts: 358
“Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.”The Hausa of Nigeria
Yeah I feel the same way was fooled because I don't see any europe only things on it.
- Page Created in 0.375 seconds -
<|endofexample|>
In short, if you’re trying to measure to microns, every micron counts. Thus, it is very important to ensure that proper thought is given to the gaging process. Ask yourself, “How do I account for losing a micron here or there, and how do I prevent that from happening?”
When working to improve gaging performance, you’ll see how quickly you can pick up some microns. However, you will also find that as you increase performance, the microns get harder to find.
The following is an example of a manufacturer that recently came to us with a requirement to inspect a wide variety of hole sizes on a line of valve bodies.
Some relevant parameters for this gaging situation included:
• Throughput. With hundreds of thousands of parts to measure, inspection had to be fast and foolproof.
• Output. The manufacturer required automatic collection of data for SPC.
• Ease of Use. The gage had to be moved to the large parts, not vice versa.
• Accuracy. Most hole tolerances were ±25 µm, but some were as tight as ±12 µm.
Hand instruments, such as calipers and micrometers, are important tools in the shop. Even though they are versatile and quick, they didn’t have the performance required for this particular application. They used too many microns of error.
Adjustable bore gaging wouldn’t do the job either. While the adjustable bore gage had the flexibility to cover a large range of hole sizes, it was rejected because sweeping through the part was time consuming, and the operator had to have a high skill set.
The manufacturer specified a gage repeatability and reproducibility (GR&R) requirement of 20 percent or better on holes with tolerances of ±25 µm. This meant that the gaging system had to perform to 4 µm or better. This requirement was met using standard gage plugs and standard digital indicators with 1-µm resolution. The GR&R achieved with this setup was less than 16 percent.
However, on holes with tolerances measuring ±15 µm and ±10 µm, the manufacturer required a GR&R of 10 percent, which translated to gaging system performance of 1 µm. Given the other parameters of the application, mechanical plug gages remained the only practical approach, so we had to find a way to stop the flow of lost microns and “squeeze” more accuracy out of the situation.
Plug gages are typically engineered for 50 µm of material clearance in the holes they are designed to measure. This accommodates undersized holes and eases insertion. However, the greater the clearance, the greater the amount of centralizing error (when the gage measures a chord of the circle instead of its true diameter). Reducing the designed clearance minimizes centralizing error and saves a few parts of a micron, albeit with some trade-off against ease of insertion.
We engineered a special set of plug gages with minimum material clearance of 15 µm. The standard digital indicators were also replaced with high-resolution units, capable of 0.5-µm resolution. This combination satisfied the
requirements, generating a GR&R of less than 8.5 percent.
requirements, generating a GR&R of less than 8.5 percent.
Remember SWIPE? This acronym stands for the five categories of gaging variables:
1. Standard (the master)
2. Workpiece
3. Instrument (the gage)
4. Personnel
5. Environment
In the case of the valve-body manufacturer, we tweaked the instrument, thus reducing one source of gaging variability. We reduced a second source by providing higher-quality masters for these gages. If throughput had not been such a high priority, we also might have considered altering the inspection environment or providing more personnel training. If portability hadn’t been an issue, then the solution might have been a different instrument altogether.
The five categories of gaging variables encompass dozens of specific factors. (For example, within the workpiece category, there are variables of surface finish and part geometry that might influence dimensional readings.) To squeeze more accuracy out of a gaging situation, look for opportunities to reduce or eliminate one of more of these factors. In the end, those lost microns will be used to improve gaging accuracy.blog comments powered by Disqus
Editor's CommentaryFrom the monthly column: Quality Gaging Tips
<|endofexample|>
The Minnesota Urban Area Health Education Center (AHEC) was established in fall 2009 to strengthen the connections between the health professions programs at the University of Minnesota and underrepresented urban communities in the Twin Cities. The MN Urban AHEC serves 11 counties: Anoka, Carver, Chisago, Dakota, Hennepin, Isanti, Ramsey, Scott, Sherburne, Washington, and Wright.
Our Mission is to grow the health workforce in the Twin Cities through preparing under-represented communities for health professions by connecting students to careers, professionals to communities and communities to better health.
Blog and social site
Twitter
Dr. Augustus A White III, MD, PhD August 15, 2012
Dr. White, Orthopedic Surgeon & Author, Harvard Medical School, spent the day in Minneapolis addressing University of Minnesota curriculum committees, faculty, students and staff in the Academic Health Center on the topic of Unconscious Bias in Healthcare. His experience and insight into this issues has led him to author a book on the topic and also share open discussions with AHC administrators, educators and learners to help instigate positive change in the education of our future health care professionals.
To view Dr. White's presentation and discussion with the University of Minnesota AHC curriculum leaders on August 15, 2012, please click here
Minnesota Hospital Programs, Leaders Honored
February 18, 2012 Minnesota Hospital Association News Release: May 21, 2012.
Twin Cities Economic Summit UROC March 30, 2011
MN Governor Mark Dayton and a number of State Representatives visited the in North Minneapolis community on March 30, 2011 at UROC, where the Urban AHEC is housed. The discussion was based upon building strategies to spur jobs and economic stability for African Americans and people of color. There were about 400 people in attendance.
Find articles about this event at MinnPost and the Star Tribune.
U of M establishes Minnesota Urban Area Health Education Center (U of M Media Release Dec. 21, 2009)
The Minnesota Urban AHEC is the state’s first and only urban AHEC and joins four existing rural AHECs. The center will work in collaboration with the University of Minnesota Academic Health Center's six health professions schools and in close partnership with Minneapolis urban communities to address health professional workforce needs. Efforts will focus on nurturing an interest in health careers among youth and providing community-based and interprofessional education for health professions students. An important area of focus will be linking health professions students with the community in substantive ways to cultivate a deeper understanding and appreciation of factors influencing health in urban settings. Read the entire article...
Our office is located at:
Urban Research and Outreach/Engagement Center (UROC)
2001 Plymouth Avenue North Minneapolis, MN 55411 Map & Directions
Health Careers Exploration for Students
K-12 Teachers
Health Professions Students and Residents
Health Professionals
Community Members
Community Profiles
Staff
Board of Directors
Key Partners
Health Analysis
Local Resources
Jobs/Internships/Grant Opportunities
Pam Cosby, MPAExecutive Director 612-624-4541pjcosby@umn.edu
Choose a different region:
<|endofexample|>
John Abraham has been called a clown, a liar and “a snake-like wretched man” because he doesn’s called the “climate science rapid response team” and its purpose is to provide accurate, rapid, high-quality, scientific information about climate change, said Abraham, now a mechanical engineering professor at St. Thomas University.
The team has two missions: to match scientists with the media and provide.
“Instead of the press looking for lunch, we’re going to give it to them,” Mandia said.
The team aims to provide information that will refute any claims that global warming isn’t caused by humans, but more importantly, provide information that will bridge the gap between what the public thinks and what scientists know, Abraham said.
“There’s a huge disconnect,” Abraham said, adding that 97 percent of climate scientists agree that global warming is caused by humans and about half the general public disagree. “Our goal is to bridge that gap.”
Both scientists said they hope the discussion about global warming moves beyond the debate and toward the solution, sooner rather than later.
“There really is no scientific debate that humans are not causing global warming,” Mandia said. “If you are a human saying that humans are not causing global warming, you are essentially saying the Earth is flat.”
Abraham and Mandia said that the fact that the team was created just after Republicans made major gains in Congress is purely coincidental, but they will provide scientific information if Congress calls for it.
Although it’s not likely any climate legislation will be passed in the next two years, Abraham said, the conversation about how to deal with global warming should be continued on all fronts. The information provided by the scientists would be a way to bring different groups with varying beliefs together.
“[Scientists] need to do a better job of engaging, because the fact of the matter is conservatives care about the environment too,” he said. “Sometimes conservatives are lumped into this pot where they don’t care about the environment and that’s not fair to.
“The pro man-made evidence is largely man-made models and in many cases they have not been supported by empirical evidence,” he said.
Abraham said many do not believe that humans have caused global warming because the solutions may go against their political beliefs.
“It’s big government, it’s regulation, taxation and [people say], ‘I am against all that stuff,’ so you get people that throw out the science with the solution,” he said.
A spokesman for Rep. John Shimkus, R-Ill., who is currently seeking chairmanship of the House Energy and Climate Committee, said in an e-mail that Shimkus “has seen the effects of climate change himself. However, he does not believe that man can stop the climate from changing.”
Scientists with the response team said they disagree, and that global warming can be reversed.
“All the technology is already here, it’s a matter of political will,” Abraham said.
While the scientists say reversing global warming is possible, it will not be easy.
“It is going to be tough. It is possible that we may choose solutions that make the situation worse,” Abraham said. “Our feeling is you have to have the best info so you can decide the best way to move forward.”
Currently, the team has no funding. All the members working on the project — currently 46 scientists and growing — are volunteering a large amount of their time to ensure the team is successful, Mandia said.
Abraham, who has two daughters, said he is willing to work without compensation because “when they are older, they’re going to ask me one of two questions.”
“They’re going to say, ‘Dad, why the hell didn’t you do something about this when you knew it was happening,’ or they’re going to say, ‘How did you have the courage to change the world?’” he said. “I want them to ask me that second.
<|endofexample|>
I managed to make it through April Fool’s Day without any trickery. I think when it falls on a Sunday there’s less tricks to be had. Today we’re looking back on a busy birthday month of March and looking forward to the local produce popping up in April. Rumors of ramps, asparagus and wild mushrooms have floated around the local food world! Exciting!
March at Minnesota Locavore
This month Minnesota Locavore celebrated the end of a year of blogging. A first birthday that came and went quietly, but not without recognition. It’s been a fantastic year with many new friends and faces. There’s much more planned for Year 2!
The most popular posts in March: How to Grow Sprouts, A post from 2011 called Edible Landscapes, and the blueberry crisp recipe which seems to be a permanent fixture in our refrigerator now. I made a crisp per week for the last 5 weeks!
The most commented post: A Blog-a-versary (Thanks again for all of your kind words this month!)
New this month: In an effort to showcase some of the great multi-media content supporting the local food movement, I introduced Three Video Thursday in March. I spend a few minutes every week browsing the web for videos anyway–why not share them with all of you. If you enjoy them as much as I do, pass them along and we’ll spread the locavore love around together.
March at 20Food.net
This month I posted my garden plans for my second season as a 20Food grower. It’s smaller scale than last year and definitely built on the “less is more” model. I already have plants in the garden soaking in the April sunshine!
<|endofexample|>
Main navigation | Main content
Paul Pagel
Paul uses his practical environmental experience coupled with an insider’s sensitivity to business to address pollution prevention and energy efficiency concerns of facilities within the paint, powder coating, and wood finishing industries. Additionally, he works with John Polanski to address the energy efficiency needs of Minnesota’s food processors.
Paul is currently working
Like our content and want to share it with others? Please see our reprint policy.
<|endofexample|>
Kindahls DVD 3 dec kl:1300
Kindahls Dansskola
DANS SHOW vinter 2011
Lördag 3 Dec kl 13.
With reservation for print or price errors, and changes without notice
You shall remain solely responsible for the content of profiles, public postings, messages and other materials you may upload to the blog or users of the blog.
People who bought this item also bought
<|endofexample|>
The bootloader. Doing this will allow you to have the open environment for custom ROMs that you normally would. Before considering this though, remember that there is a possibility that you could brick your device in the future if you aren’t careful. You can check out the XDA forum for detailed instructions on how to make the process work, and what to avoid if you don’t want to brick you phone.
This is great news for those on the Verizon network, just remember to install responsibly.
Source: XDA Forum via Ubergizmo
<|endofexample|>
LordGek
(PDA Addict)
07/22/09 04:07 PM
iPhone Game Review: Zombies vs. Sheep
*UPDATE* 09/16/09: ZvS just got a MASSIVE update with loads of new goodies, see post #34570 for details!
iPhone Game Review: Zombies vs. Sheep
What made you think it would be a good idea to bring your sheep to a Dia de los Muertos Marionette Show? You and your tasty lamb kabob are doomed, the only thing left is to see how many of these shoddily made demonic puppets you can take out before it?s curtains for you.
The mechanics to this game can be quickly summed up. Tap the screen to shoot the Zombie Marionettes, tilt your iDevice to move your sheep, and shake your iDevice to reload your weapon. When I say shoddily made marionettes, it is not a knock on the graphics but these silly puppets start falling apart the second they appear on the screen and unless you manage to shoot them in the head quickly, their heads will leave their crumbling bodies behind and take the form of a deadly Flaming Skull. Your poor little Bait Sheep not only has to avoid the raining Flaming Skulls (if one hits your poor little sheep you?ll lose one of your initial 3 hearts), but has to scramble about to collect the dropping coins (how your sheep can pickup and store these coins is never really explained). So now, even though you and your sheep are marked for death and you can?t escape the haunted theatre, you?re more than free at any time to duck out of the action for a trip to the concession stand for sheep medications and upgrades to your weapons.
As must be clear by now, this game is based on a true story. The graphics are incredible cartoony 2D but with a hint of layering reminiscent of the old Monty Python cartoons made almost entirely of sliding around random cutout images. The sounds are spot on with realistic six shooter sounds, sad sheep bahs when hit, and some up tempo twangy old west styled banjo music in the background. Want to see what I?m talking about here? Check out the video below.
Ratings (scale of 1 to 5):
Graphics: -4.5-
Incredibly original.
Sound: -4-
Spot on sound effects and fun old west inspired music.
Controls: -5-
It?s a perfect blend of intuitive tap and tilt controls.
Gameplay: -4.5-
The game is so ludicrous and bizarre that it?s hard to put down. It also does a great job slowly introducing you to more and more hectic situations. There are even several boss monsters to face down if you can last long enough.
Playing Hints and Tips:
-Keep an eye on your ammo! The game will warn you when low on ammo but if you decide to keep firing without heeding the warning you?ll soon just be haring empty clicks without anything firing. To reload you can shake the iDevice or tap on the appropriate area in the upper left corner.
-Blast the zombies up good! Only by shooting a Zombie Marionette in the head can you stop it from turning into a dreaded Flaming Skull. The trick, however, is to hit the rotting puppet in the head, chest, and maybe a few limbs before it falls apart to gain even more coins for Mr. Lambikins.
-Don?t forget the concession stand! How you plan to spend the money on your sheep and weapons is your call. I don?t know of any ideal upgrade scheme but do know letting the money sit there unspent is just silly. Sadly you can?t take it with you where you?re going.
-Don?t shoot the Doves! Doves are your friends. Sometimes they?ll drop life sustaining hearts for you.
Game Facts:
Developer:
Clickgamer
Release Date: July 19th 2009
Genre: Action/Tap Shooter
Price: $0.99
Buy Game:
iTunes App Store
<|endofexample|>
Tweakers.net had the chance to sit down with Microsoft’s Charlie Kindle earlier this month to discuss Windows Phone 7‘s current state and what can be expected in the near future. Microsoft is clear with the fact the Windows Phone 7 won’t be feature complete at launch (no copy/past etc..) and that the company’s goal is (Google translation..sorry):
“Whatever we do, we want extremely well. That is a change from previous Windows Mobile versions, where we tried to have every functionality. Now, some things are missing at the launch, but the important thing for us user experience. Everything must be equal to the unit work properly. then look at how we can extend that functionality. “
Kindel also confirms that OS updates will be provided directly by Microsoft via Over The Air updates (if it’s a small update) or the Zune desktop software for big ones:
“We want everyone the same version of the OS. It is not like thirty versions of your operating system in circulation.” “We will do that through the Zune desktop software or over the air,” said Kindel. “Whichever way we use depends on the size of the update.”
One interesting thing is that talk about the extendability of the Hubs. Microsoft has already stated & demonstrated the ability to plug in third party applications into already existing hubs but according to Kindel’s it’s not clear if this will be possible with the initial release (bummer!):
“In time you can, but for now we focus on other issues,”
On the subject of native code applications Kindel clearly says that only a handful of developers (and OEMs) will have the right to develop such applications. As an example, Adobe is currently allowed to do so to develop their Flash plug in for IE Mobile on WP7.
“Well, we give certain developers access to native APIs, as needed. This will not happen often, but we do so for example, Adobe have the opportunity to Flash for Internet Explorer development. This will not happen with the development tools that developers normally have.” Kindel denies that large developers are allowed to use more APIs. “This is what has in recent weeks a wrong impression created in the media.”
In regards to Multi-Tasking the initial release will only allow native applications to have access to this functionality but Kindel assured that third-party apps (like navigation software..) will have the ability to Multi-Task in a future update (but he didn’t indicate the time frame..):
“For example if you have an application in the background a GPS position to other applications, can pass, it is required that the application can run in the background. For such scenarios, we build multi-tasking again.”
I personally think that it’s clear that Microsoft is trying to do everything possible to ship Windows Phone 7 in time for the holiday season which means that cutting non-essential features (in the eyes) like copy-paste/restricted multi-tasking is the only way for them to be on time. We have to remember that Windows Phone 7 as we know has only started a little bit more than a year ago and that full blown OSes don’t get build from scratch in such a short time. Will it work? It’s too early to say. But let’s hope for the sake of competition that Microsoft is doing everything behind the scene to attract as much developers support as possible (now is the time, especially in light of what’s happening between Apple and Adobe with the newly release iPhone OS4 SDK) because this is what the platform needs to succeed. Let’s also hope the OS updates won’t be too far apart (I’m hearing every 6 months..).
Source: Tweakers.net [Thanks for the heads up Josh]
Freudian typo: “On the subject of native code application Kindel clear says that only a handful of developers(and OEM) will have the right to develop sucks applications.” (sucks applications).LOL!
Haha! thanks for the heads up!
The two things i’d like to see added first is copy & paste and third party app access for streaming services like Pandora.
I do think the Zune, game and app experience and the hubs will keep people more than occupied long enough for updates to start rolling out. That is the best thing about Microsoft delivering updates directly and not having to worry about carrier tweaks and optimization.
<|endofexample|>
We have plenty of LG X350 games available for downloads, LG X350 are contributed by our members.
To download LG X350 games, simply click on any above game and then click on the download button. You can also download LG X350 games to your mobile by visiting our wap site You either need to have game in your wap folder or WAP ID. WAP ID can be found on game details page.
Follow Mobile Toones
<|endofexample|>
Terms of ServiceThis agreement ("Agreement") is a contract between you and JNJ Mobile, Inc. ("MocoSpace") and governs your use of the MocoSpace Website services (the "Service"). drugs.
- Eligibility. Membership in the Service is void where prohibited. By using the Website and the Service, you represent and warrant that all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate. You represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older, and if you are not of the age of majority where you reside, you will only use the MocoSpace Service with parental or legal guardian consent (following their review of this Agreement), and that your use of the Service shall not violate any applicable laws or regulations. You must be 18 years of age or older to open a new account.. MocoSpace may terminate your membership for any reason, at any time, without notice. If MocoSpace terminates your Membership in the Service, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees, if any. Even after membership is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect. MocoSpace's Terms of Service and/or subscription fees, if any, that were provided to you at registration may change from time to time. By using the Service and by becoming a Member, you acknowledge that MocoSpace. T-Mobile subscribers: Other charges may apply. To stop receiving text messages at anytime, text STOP to 46626. For help, text HELP to 46626 or email support@MocoSpace.com
- Virtual Currency Sales. All sales of Moco Gold virtual currency are final. No refunds will be granted for any Moco Gold purchases, whether or not the Gold is redeemed. Moco Gold does not expire, and will be held in a balance associated with your account. If your account terminated either by yourself or by MocoSpace for any reason, any unredeemed Gold in your account will be forfeited. MocoSpace reserves the right to change pricing of virtual currency across different payment methods, devices and mobile carriers, to reflect variable processing fees associated with each form of payment.
- Non-commercial Use by Members. The Website is for the personal use of Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by the management of MocoSpace. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the Website will be investigated. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from member profiles without notice and may result in termination of membership privileges. Appropriate legal action will be taken by MocoSpace for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
- Proprietary Rights in Content on MocoSpace. MocoSpace owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Website and the Service. The Website contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of MocoSpace MocoSpace may review and delete any content, messages, photos, profiles, video, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, or any other materials (collectively, "Content") that in the sole judgment of MocoSpace. You acknowledge and agree that MocoSpace is not responsible for any Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. You acknowledge and agree that MocoSpace does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not control the accuracy, integrity, quality or any aspect of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. You acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances is MocoSpace. c. By posting any Content to the public areas of the Website, you hereby grant to MocoSpace Service. MocoSpace reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Service and terminating the membership of such violators. Prohibited Content includes Content that: i. is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or upload images which contain nudity, pornography, weapons, violence, or drugsl; MocoSpace, MocoSpace reserves the right to restrict the number of messages which a Member may send to other Members in any period to a number which MocoSpace deems appropriate in its sole discretion. h. You may not attempt to impersonate another user or person who is not a member of MocoSpace.
- Links. The sites linked to by the MocoSpace Website are developed by people over whom MocoSpace exercises no control MocoSpace cannot and does not screen the sites. Some people may find these sites objectionable, inappropriate, or offensive. We cannot guarantee that MocoSpace will not link to unintended or objectionable content and assume no responsibility for the content of any site linked to by the MocoSpace Services.
- Copyright Policy. You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of MocoSpace to terminate membership privileges of any member who repeatedly infringes copyright upon prompt notification to MocoSpace by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent. Without limiting the foregoing,.
- Member Disputes. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other MocoSpace Members. MocoSpace, Inc. reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members.
- Accounts. MocoSpace does not recognize the transfer of MocoSpace accounts nor the rights of multiple owners of an account. You may not purchase, sell, gift or trade any Account, or offer to purchase, sell, gift or trade any Account, and any such attempt shall be null and void. MocoSpace owns, or otherwise has rights to all of the content that appears in the Games. You agree that while you own the content you upload to MocoSpace, you have no right or title in or to any Games content, including without limitation the virtual goods or currency appearing or originating in the Game, or any other attributes associated with any Account. MocoSpace does not recognize any purported transfers of virtual property executed outside of the Game, or the purported sale, gift or trade in the "real world" of anything that appears or originates in the Game. Likewise, you may not sell in-game items or currency for "real" money, or exchange those items or currency for value outside of the Game.
- Privacy. Use of the Website and/or the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy.
- Limitation on Liability. In no event shall MocoSpace be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profit damages arising from your use of the web site or the service, even if MocoSpace has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, MocoSpace's liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, shall not exceed the greater of one hundred dollars ($100) or the amount paid, if any, by you to MocoSpace MocoSpace, MocoSpace and any User of the Service.
- Termination. You agree that MocoSpace may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your MocoSpace account, any associated other accounts, and access to the Service. Cause for such termination shall include, but is not limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the terms of service or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) discontinuance or material modification to the Service (or any part thereof), (d) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, and (e) extended periods of inactivity. Termination of your MocoSpace account includes (a) removal of account access to all offerings within the Service available with a password, including but not limited to Private Messages and images that are password protected, (b) deletion of your password, and (c) barring further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations may be made in MocoSpace's sole discretion and that MocoSpace shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Service.
- Disclaimer of Warranties. You acknowledge and agree that: your use of the service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. MocoSpace expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Mocospace. You will be solely responsible for any damage to your or others. Computer system or loss of data that results, directly or indirectly, from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from MocoSpace or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the agreement. You acknowledge and agree that MocoSpace uses commercially reasonable efforts to protect its members, but that MocoSpace does not guarantee that the use of the service will be safe or secure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and to the extent that a judgment is rendered in a court of competent jurisdiction disregarding one or more of the warranty disclaimer and liability limitation covenants contained herein, MocoSpace's aggregate liability to you shall not exceed the greater of one hundred dollars ($100) or the amount you have paid MocoSpace in the past twelve months.
- Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
- Headings. The section titles of this Agreement are for convenience only and have no structural or legal effect.
- Waiver and Severability of this Agreement. The failure of MocoSpace to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
- Assignment. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by MocoSpace without restriction.
- Other. This Agreement is accepted upon your use of the Service and is further affirmed by you becoming a Member of the Service. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and MocoSpace regarding the use of the MocoSpace and/or the Service.
<|endofexample|>
Added to Bag!
We'll let you know if it's back in stock!
Added to Wishlist!
Iced Coffee Couture Handbag
Your signature beverage is tailored to your taste, just like this beautifully decadent handbag! Featured effortlessly at your elbow, this handled, vegan faux-leather bag blends caramel tones on front and back with cocoa-colored side panels. Conceal your cafe-going essentials in its satiny, paisley-printed interior, zippered back pocket, or one of the smaller side pockets finished with brass-colored buckles like the central, adjustable strap. Style it over your shoulder or arm with a silky, cre... More
- Polyurethane.
- Measures 12 inches in height, 15 inches in length, 8 inches in width. Handles measure 16 inches in length. Detachable shoulder strap is adjustable and measures approximately 50 inches in length when fully extended.
- Decorative buckle with magnetic snap and zipper closure at main compartment. One exterior pocket with zipper closure. Two side exterior pockets with tab and snap closure. One interior pocket with zipper closure. Two interior open pockets. Mirror is detachable.
- Imported
<|endofexample|>
Whether you prefer your color kept sleek and subtle or burning brightly for all to see, express your style joie de vivre with this versatile fuchsia blouse! Petite, petal-like accents give this feminine shirt a playful texture that translates to tons of timeless looks. Princess sleeves that puff just below the shoulder, a casual-cool neckline bow, and soft, sheer fabric keep this look fun and fresh, whether you pair it with a khaki blazer and dark, wide-legged denim or wear it with a mango-hued skirt, white wedges, and a neon yellow bag. Add this top to your pretty palette, and usher in an age of brilliant, bold beauty!
<|endofexample|>
.
Looked like a very interesting game back in the days, never got around to play it unfortunately =).
I have the game, Its awesome but a little bit buggy.
where can i download looks awesome
This game was developed by Barking Dog Studios not Rockstar.
And it still was greatest FPS game I have ever played before all those COD MW's and Battlefield's. + It's engine was Lithtech 2.5 (modified)
this was the much better counter-strike.
it set new standards for me, if i'd create a game it would contain all features seen in global ops :)
this game have so many collection of weapons and equipment , thats what i like.
Basically the most Interesting part of this game is the Customization Ability,If only this game get some better models and World Effect....
I just hope the Next Global Operation will come,As Soon As Possible,Althought the name isn't Global Operation again.
We are all liking this game. some of us must know coding and graphicing skills. Why dont we mod this game and fix up the MP??
i like da games its a shame u can only play d sas on the last mission:cry:
i totaly disagree with you Mr.Magnetichead, i would rather play this over the ever so popular counter strike. i like Global Operations because of the choice of "guy" (recon, heavy gunner, ect..)and the choice to upgrade your weapon's with clip extentions, scopes, laser sight's, flashlight's, and i also like the missions.
<|endofexample|>
/news
GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE FÉDÉRATION - 12 juin 2012
The General Assembly of the Fédération française de la Couture, du Prêt-à-Porter des Couturiers et des Créateurs de Modetook place on June 11, 2012 and renewed its Board of Directors, made of the following companies :
Agnès B, Anne-Valérie Hash, Chanel, Chloé, Christian Dior, Dries Van Noten, Hermès, Isabel Marant, Issey Miyake, Jean Paul Gaultier, Kenzo, Lanvin, Léonard, Pierre Cardin, Sonia Rykiel & Yves Saint Laurent
The members of this Board of Directors re-elected unanimously Didier Grumbach as President of the Fédération on proposition of the Executive Committe, elected in May 2012.
This Executive Committee informed the Assembly of the activity fields its members will be in charge of :
- Bruno Pavlovsky will be in charge of Industry and craft culture,
- Guillaume de Seynes will be in charge of fashion show schedules,
- Ralph Toledano will be in charge of emerging brands,
- Sidney Toledano will be in charge of education,
- Paul Denève will announce later on the activity he intends to be in charge of.
The Executive Committee will back the action led by the President. The members of the Assembly expressed their satisfaction towards this new organisation method which will strengthen the collective action of the Fédération. Thus it will guarantee the independence of its structure.
The members of the Assembly renewed as well their trust in Didier Grumbach to accompany the setting up of this new governance system.
<|endofexample|>
Hangar-9 1/4-scale Cub Floats in for review
These great looking water gear just came in for review.
1/4 Scale Cub Floats:
<|endofexample|>
With the start of a new year, everyone is thinking of their New Year’s Resolutions…
Although, I don’t really have any for this year, I do have some goals I’d like to accomplish.
I’ve heard it’s best to put your goals to paper to make them more “real”…so here goes…
- Eat better – not just the same old “lose weight” resolution, but I seriously just want to eat healthier and provide healthier foods for my family as well
- Watch less TV – or at least get a DVR back up and running
- Read more often to my baby girl
- Market our business and land a project
- Spend more time with family
What are your goals for 2008?
<|endofexample|>
If-6003 | Venetian VEN-600
<|endofexample|>
Posted by Gayle on August 01, 1999 at 14:50:52:
In Reply to: Re: The Character of Duncan posted by Kate on August 01, 1999 at 13:46:13:
: Yes, Gayle,
: I fear you are right - likely that IS how Duncan would feel. But I doubt very much if Cora would just stand by and allow Duncan to make decisions for her!! She chose 'her man' and by golly, I think she would dare anyone to take him away from her - or vice versa!! I do believe Duncan would have a very hard time trying to take her life to 'save her from herself'!! Let's face it! She is one very strong lady (mentally, for ladies were very genteel in those days! Nothing 'physical' about them! No body building for them!!!) However, I accept what you say, he would very likely feel that she did not understand that she was 'letting the side down' and he would feel duty-bound to 'do the decent thing' for her. He would likely feel she did not understand the implications of the situation and would feel it his duty to rectify the situation in the honourable way.
: Having said that, wouldn't THAT have been a very interesting scene!! Picture it - Duncan: 'I'm sorry my dear, I cannot have you giving yourself to the likes of that, that - woodsman'!!'I'm sorry, Duncan, I have made my choice - Hawkeye is the man for me'! 'Over your dead body, my dear!'. Well, perhaps that's one for 'LOTM the Follow-up'!!
: Best wishes,
: Kate.
Kate,
Cooper had a penchant for female characters who threw over the traces, so to speak. Interestingly enough, in The Deerslayer, the young Hawkeye had the opportunity to make about the same decision Duncan had to make in LOTM. Judith Hutter was also in love with Hawkeye and more than ready to give up all prospects of a classier future to marry him and become a true frontier wife. She had been raised on the frontier, however, so was much more savy about the realities of it than Cora was. (Cora fell for the glamour, but we can only speculate how she fared in the reality after she followed Hawkeye into the forest.) However, because Judith was rumored to have dallied with the officers of the garrison in the past, Hawkeye didn't consider her worthy of him, and he more or less threw her to the wolves, rather than save her from herself. I believe Duncan would have made more of an effort to see that Judith at least was respectably established before he rode off into the sunset - he would have been kinder. On the other hand, since Judith was not of the elite classes, perhaps Duncan also would have left her in the lurch.
I don't have a strong sense of our LOTM Hawkeye's true character - would he have left Jack and the boys to go on their mission alone if Cora had been a pretty wench, but of the common classes?
Gayle
Follow Ups:
<|endofexample|>
Tempo and mode of diversification of lake tanganyika cichlid fishes. Research Abstract Details different clades reflect independent adaptive radiations into different broad niches in the lake.
For similar abstracts research abstracts see: abstracts research
PUBMED ID PMID:
MEDLINE DATE:
PUBLICATION TYPE: Journal Article
Journal: PLoS ONE
VOLUME: 3
Page Numbers: e1730
Journal Abbreviation: PLoS ONE
ISSN: 1932-6203
DAY: 5
MONTH: 03
YEAR: 2008
Number of References:
LANGUAGE: eng
NlmUniqueID: 101285081
KEYWORDS:
MESH TERMS:
Substance Name:
Registry Number:
AFFILIATION: Department of Biology, University College London, London, United Kingdom.
Country: United States
AGENCY:
GRANT:
ACRONYM:
MEDLINETA: PLoS
<|endofexample|>
The cholesterol paradox in heart failure. Research Abstract Details
Periaswamy Velavan,Poay Huan Loh,Andrew Clark,John G F Cleland,Periaswamy Velavan,Poay Huan Loh,Andrew Clark,John G F Cleland,Periaswamy Velavan,Poay Huan Loh,Andrew Clark,John G F Cleland,
Heart failure (HF) is a common and serious condition that is usually due to coronary artery disease (CAD). Hypercholesterolemia is a major risk factor for CAD but, paradoxically, patients with advanced HF often have low cholesterol, which is associated with a poor prognosis. Cholesterol lowering with statins reduces morbidity and mortality in patients with CAD who do not have HF and might also have improved outcome in patients with HF had they not been excluded from the reported trials. The results of large trials such as the Controlled Rosuvastatin Multinational Study in Heart Failure (CORONA) and the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico-Insufficienza Cardiaca (GISSI-HF) study addressing the effects of rosuvastatin in HF are keenly awaited. In addition to cholesterol lowering, statins have other biologic effects that might be responsible for some of their favorable effects. This article examines this cholesterol paradox and possible mechanisms. (CHF. 2007;13:336-341).
P Velavan,P Huan Loh,A Clark,JG Cleland,P Velavan,P Huan Loh,A Clark,JG Cleland,P Velavan,P Huan Loh,A Clark,JG Cleland,
For similar abstracts research abstracts see: abstracts research
PUBMED ID PMID:
MEDLINE DATE:
PUBLICATION TYPE: Journal Article
Journal: Congestive heart failure (Greenwich, Conn.)
VOLUME: 13
Page Numbers: 336-41
Journal Abbreviation:
ISSN: 1527-5299
DAY: 29
MONTH: 11
YEAR: 2007
Number of References:
LANGUAGE: eng
NlmUniqueID: 9714174
KEYWORDS:
MESH TERMS:
Substance Name:
Registry Number:
AFFILIATION: From the Cardiothoracic Centre, Liverpool, UK;
Country: United States
AGENCY:
GRANT:
ACRONYM:
MEDLINETA: Congest Heart
<|endofexample|>
4.8% ABV Packaged4.3% ABV Draught
Monde Selection Gold Medals for exceptional quality 2001 – 2012Cool Brands UK – 2006 to 2012
UNITED KINGDOM
We Love To Delight
The World's
Beer Drinkers.
Of Legal Drinking Age, That Is.
Please Enter Your Birth Date
Date of Birth
<|endofexample|>
Swarmings at Mildred's Lane and the Mildred Complex(ity) at MoMA Studio: Jen Gillette
Sunday, September 30, 2012, 12:30 p.m.
Mezzanine, The Lewis B. and Dorothy Cullman Education and Research Building
These frequent visits by collaborating artists, writers, and critics at Mildred's Lane invite the public to participate in collective tasks and discussions, from hosting food-related events to explorations of creative processes related to the visual arts, writing, biology, and more.
This artist presentation includes a discussion of the food culture of Mildred's Lane, the role of the Digestion Choreographer, and the production of the Town + Country Cookbook via a shared snack at an ongoing table hoosh, or aesthetic organization system. In order to sit down and share in the food and the discussion, participants will agree to leave their place setting more beautiful than they found it. As at Mildred's Lane, participants will hoosh the table, arrange flowers, create an inviting meal atmosphere, act as hosts for later arrivals, and help clean up. Unlike Mildred's Lane, this will be happening on an ongoing basis, with the table constantly being reset and repopulated through an ongoing discussion of domesticity, hosting, food, and exchange.
Teacup parfait
Autumn shooters sandwich
Tinted water
Ingredients are from the 79th Street Greenmarket.
In conjunction with the exhibition MoMA Studio: Common Senses
This event is free and participation is on a first-come first-served basis.
<|endofexample|>
Sarah Palin 2012
Guest blogger Ronda Kaysen: If you thought you were almost done with Sarah Palin, think again. Her current vice presidential bid is little more than a coming out party for the woman who, on Wednesday, will be crowned the new face of the Republican Party.
Yesterday, she all but announced her 2012 candidacy to ABC's Elizabeth Vargas -- the interview airs tonight on 20/20. And the Republican Party has already planned a morning-after huddle in Virginia for next Wednesday. The main topic on the agenda? Sarah Palin. The election might be five days away, but the internal bloodletting has already begun -- and anyone who denounced Palin will be purged.
"There's going to be a bloodbath. A lot of people are going to be excommunicated," Jim Nuzzo, a White House aide to the first President Bush, told The Sunday Telegraph. "David Brooks and David Frum and Peggy Noonan are dead people in the Republican Party. The litmus test will be: Where did you stand on Palin?"
Sarah Palin, the self-proclaimed Hockey Mom from Alaska, has been propelled from obscurity to a position of tremendous power. Next Tuesday is a win-win situation for her. If John McCain wins the election, she will become a lifeline for social conservatives who will see her as their go-to person in the White House. If McCain loses, the gloves come off and Palin is unveiled as the most powerful woman in the Republican Party. And so begins the road to 2012.
"Conservatives have been looking for leadership, and she has proven that she can electrify the grass roots like few people have in the last 20 years," Brent Bozell, president of the Media Research Center, told the New York Times. "No matter what she decides to do, there will be a small mother lode of financial support behind her."
If you watch Sarah Palin on the campaign trail these days, you'd think we were already in the 2012 primaries. While McCain is making his closing argument, her supporters are yelling "2012!" at her rallies. She's giving policy speeches, ignoring talking points and deriding her running mate for pulling out of Michigan and using robo-calls. You'd think she was running against McCain, given the Straight Talk Express chatter about the "whack job" who's "going rogue."
…this reminds me of the emperors new clothes….who’d have thought old hans christian could have predicted the 2008 election situation
Sarah Palin will not run on a Republican ticket. GOP won’t let her. Independent ticket… maybe. Honestly, I’m utterly amazed that folks think of her as “powerful” or even remotely qualified to run. It was McCain’s biggest mistake to elect her as his veep… Obviously. She represents astounding ignorance when it comes to leading a country. (I can see Russia? VP runs the Senate? Read newspapers???) Please understand that I have enormous respect for her and her accomplishments. She deserves it. I’m a democrat but believe in a shared party government. I believe in diversity and I’m a staunch feminist. But, truth is - If GOP elects her as their “leader”, Presidential hopeful, or a symbol of what the future holds for the republican party, it’s all but gone.
She is a tool! I hope her 15 minutes is up after this fiasco. Her and Todd just love the celebritism but need to go back to their Natural Gas Line to Nowhere scandal in Alaska! I have a feeling the Alaskans will not be so happy with her when she returns.
I agree wholeheartedly with David, I too have respect for Sarah Palin – being governor of a state is a huge responsibility. When she is speaking her mind and not reciting speaking notes that she’s been fed, she seems like a smart individual. I do have concerns though in which the way she’s preyed on the racist and elitist attitudes of some people in the Republican Party. The outlandish statements made by her and at those rallies have incited people to say some of the most horrific things. I’m a GenX baby and by nature skeptical, Palin’s not a uniter, she’s an opportunist.
I’ll be voting for her. At her rally in NC people were saying they wished she were at the top of the ticket instead of MCcain. Let her run her own campaign with a good running mate and I believe America will get a better sense of her. McCain has handled her horribly, but in four years most will be forgotten because everyone will want Obama out of the White house.
I can see it now; Sarah Palin, Pres and Joe the Plumber, VP.
Come November 5, Sarah will be stinky-poo on the bottom of the shoe.
She’ll slink back to socialist Alaska, and never be heard of again.
Why McCain Will Be Defeated – From New Palin For Pres in 2012 Website
Start Today For Real Conservative Victory Within the GOP in 2010/12
Feel free to read, comment, quote or link to the 800 word essay on
David, David, David, you poor misled creature. Sarah Palin never said she could see Russia. That was Tina Fey on Saturday night live. No wonder the poor woman had such a tough time of it. Hollywood and the media did such a thorough hatchet job on her that the average voter couldn’t tell the person from the caricature. In 2012, she will not be restrained by McCain’s handlers. I would not want to be a member of the media by the time Sarah gets done with her payback campaign!
Carlos, Carlos, Carlos, Misled - No. Sarcastic - yes. I do appreciate the education but please know that I’m quite aware that Tina Fey is credited with the actual words “I can see Russia.” However, my reference is painfully accurate - Sarah Palin absolutely referred to Alaska’s geographical proximity to Russia as reasoning and/or a qualification to her prospective role in dealing with Foreign Policy. Honestly Carlos - the woman is a dolt. Her knowledge of the US Government is so lacking that people who don’t like her feel the pain when watching her interviews. Are you serious when you say “payback campaign”? Is that what American government is supposed to be about? Vendettas, keeping score, payback?? Make no mistake of this one fact… no person, no organization and no other influence did a more efficient hatchet job on Sarah Palin than Sarah Palin. Please please please, for the sake of the GOP and a shared party government and in the name of all that is good and green in the world, please let go of the idea that Sarah Palin will be the President or VP. Save yourself Carlos…
She should run as a conservative. Millions of us conservatives feel betrayed by moderate republicans and she would definately be the standard bearer for such a bold movement. McCain would have lost by 20-30 points had she not been on the ticket.
Sarah has done an outstanding job in Alaska, She sold the state jet, signed an ethics law, negotiated new oil taxes, negotiated a new 40 billion dollar pipline, had a baby, gave an excellant talk on energy, ran for VP. She beat down obama and biden for lack of knowledge go sarah in 2012
I am already enthused over the possibility of Sarah Palin running for president in 2012. She can rid Washington of all the lawyer types who get sweetheart deals for themselves at the expense of the taxpayer.
Sarah Palin is very much ready to be the next commander and chief of the united states and when she runs i will be voting for her but u cant judge her yet lets look at what she does in the next 3 years bet u obama screws up and she does something amazing so lets get out there and campaign for sarah when she runs and lets get republican back in the white house and shes way better than bush so please dont say because shes a republican she will be a bush because she not adn when she becomes the next president of this great country everyone will know just how smart she is.
As a lifelong democrat, i plan to support Sarah Palin in 2012. This woman has been underestimated all her life, and look where she’s at right now! How many women can say they have been a Republican VP candidate? just her!
Palin 2012!!!!!!
A few posters here have gone beyond the kool aid on Palin…and must now be hitting the really hard stuff. Let’s be clear. She is:
1) Ignorant of the world.
2) Fundamentally racist…though veiled.
3) Devoid of any real idea what true American values are…only that she “connects” to a swath of America that is anything but “American” in its value system.
4) Very fond of smug insults that pander to the base instincts of her fan base.
5) A complete travesty of so-called Christian values…but she’s got the fundamentalists in a holy hip-hopping frenzy.
6) Hilariously unaware of situations when her ignorance and goofy jingoism make her an oh-so-easy target for satire.
7) Great entertainment.
8) A wacky spouting role model for tea party hostesses nationwide.
9) A wonderful replacement for Tonya Harding in our popular culture.
10) A dream GOP candidate for the democrats.
Sarah Palin 2012 is a bad idea. George W. Bush is bad. Sara Palin will be ever worse.
<|endofexample|>
I had forgotten how much babies loved tags. My 6-month-old has started discovering tags and they are of course, more interesting than any other toy I can put in front of him.
Which is why I love this find from Martha’s Baby Bundles: hand-crafted blankets with tags on the edges. She uses gorgeous vintage prints on one side and a soft chenille fabric on the other. 12 ribbons of various prints and textures are attached to each side of the blanket.
The Bundles are lovey-sized, 15×15 so they’re great on the go in a stroller or car seat. And a great shower gift! Check them out at $20 each and use coupon code “hollywood2” for 10% off your order.
Upscale taggies blankets: Marthas Baby Bundles
I actually wanted to send a simple word so as to express gratitude to you
for some of the unique information you are showing at this site.
My time-consuming internet research has now been
paid with wonderful facts and strategies to exchange with my neighbours.
I would admit that most of us readers actually are extremely blessed
to exist in a good community with very many special professionals with very beneficial techniques.
I feel very fortunate to have seen your web page and
look forward to so many more awesome times reading here.
Thank you once more for a lot of things.
<|endofexample|>
A Happy Green Life is a newer business that was just started this year! It was started by two moms who wanted to show people how easy and frugal it is to live a green life! They started out making a laundry wash because they wanted something that they could use on their cloth diapers AND their regular laundry! Now, A Happy Green Life not only carries laundry wash, but kitchen soap, dryer balls, cloth wipes, and more!
A Happy Green Life Laundry Wash is made to be gentle on cloth diapers but strong enough for regular laundry including towels and uniforms and to remove stains. It is free of chemicals that are bad for the environment. The laundry wash comes in so many great scents too that are made from 100% natural essential oils and synthetic fragrance oils. The scents are highly concentrated though so it only makes up about .05% of the laundry wash. I received the scent "Pink Sugar" and I absolutely love it! It smells like something I'd want to eat instead of wash my clothes with!
When I received my laundry wash I also received a scoop. So I was getting ready to wash my diapers and I read the directions. It said to use add one scoop to washer and only a 1/2 school for HE machines! I was shocked! I thought there was no way that only one scoop would get my diapers clean! So I washed my diapers with one scoop and sure enough they came out clean!! Not only were they clean, but they smelled extremely fresh too! Not the Pink Sugar smell but just a fresh, clean smell. My diapers weren't stinky at all. Just clean! A week into using this detergent my diapers started leaking! I was so worried that it was the detergent and didn't know how I was going to do a review on a detergent that caused my diapers to leak! But after stripping and doing a little investigating it turns out it was a false alarm! See, little dude has become quite mobile and has grown quite a bit taller in the last month or so. So his chunky little legs weren't AS chunky as before and so my sized diapers were leaking! So yay! It was not the detergent!
I've had nothing but success with this laundry wash! It's gentle enough for my diapers and baby clothes but gets stains out of my clothes too! It smells awesome but the smell doesn't linger in the clothing! It lasts a really long time because you only need one scoop per load! It is both frugal and green and for me, that is a huge win!
Buy It!
You can purchase A Happy Green Life Laundry Wash for only $9 a bag at.
Win It!
One lucky reader will win a bag of A Happy Green Life Laundry Wash in their choice of available scent!
Disclaimer:I was given this product free of charge in exchange for a written review. I was not compensated in any other way.<<
29 comments:
Coconut lime verbena!
Pink sugar sounds awesome!
I would pick Happy Green Life.
ziggy28028 at yahoo dot com
I would like to try Happy Green Life
I'd choose Monkey Farts or Baby Bee.
Raspberry lemonade!
I would choose Blackberry Bling Bling. - Alisha Hodges
I would choose Island Breeze :)
Bedtime bath baby
i would choose happy birthday!
I would choose the Lavandar Vanilla
Cucumber Melon! :)
I would choose Island Breeze.
Lilac...yummy!
I would love to try Happy Birthday
Cucumber Melon!
I want to try baby bee!
i would choose love spell
I can't choose btwn Bite Me, Happy Green Life & Pink Sugar!
Tvpg at aol dot com
I would choose Rain Barrel
I would choose monkey farts! Love that scent :)
Baby Bee
Cindy B (on rc/fb) The essential oil vanilla
I'd pick Rain Barrel
Birds of Paradise, Island Breeze, or Water Lily & Jasmine
They all seem so good! I think I would choose Beach Baby though!
I would choose Island Breeze.
I think I would choose fruit slices. but that might make me hungry all the time. LOL
I would choose A Happy Green Life or Monkey Farts!
<|endofexample|>
October 2012
Green Chemistry helps promote sustainable manufacturing
31 October 2012
Greener manufacturing in the chemical, pharmaceutical and food industries has received a boost following the establishment of the $24.9 million Victorian Centre for Sustainable Chemical Manufacturing.
Enhanced access to Victoria’s research infrastructure
31 October 2012
Victorian biomedical research will be given a boost when the state's impressive suite of research infrastructure is made even more accessible with a new, integrated online booking and management system.
'Viagra for women' being trialed
29 October 2012
Reaching orgasm remains elusive for nearly 30 per cent of women, but a new ad hoc treatment currently under trial, may drastically reduce that number.
New depression treatment may avoid side-effects
23 October 2012
In an Australian first, researchers are studying Magnetic Seizure Therapy as an alternative treatment for the 30 per cent of patients suffering from depression who don’t respond to traditional treatment.
22 October 2012 - Weekly Media Alert
22 October 2012
The latest news and experts available to comment from Monash University.
SBI Australia to tackle health and environment puzzles
17 October 2012
Research into preserving coral reefs, improved IVF technologies and more effective cancer drugs will receive a boost with the establishment of an Australian node of the Systems Biology Institute.
9 October 2012 - Bali: 10 years on
9 October 2012
Friday 12 October, 2012 marks 10 years since the Bali bombings. Monash University experts are available to comment.
Targeted killings under microscope
8 October 2012
The former lawyer of Australian Guantanamo detainee David Hicks will be discussing the rise in targeted killings at an upcoming human rights gala dinner.
Bariatric surgery not silver bullet for sleep apnoea
8 October 2012
Although bariatric surgery results in greater weight loss than conventional measures, new research shows this does not translate into significantly greater improvement in obstructive sleep apnoea.
Clot-busting enzymes are working two jobs
5 October 2012
The body’s blood clot-busting enzymes are much busier than previously imagined, with new research showing that they also dispose of every cell that dies prematurely from disease or trauma.
1 October 2012 - Weekly Media Alert
1 October 2012
The latest news and experts available to comment from Monash University.
Alcohol and energy drinks: a bad mix
1 October 2012
Mixing energy drinks with alcohol as party beverages is a growing trend among young Australians, who are putting their health at risk by consuming amounts beyond what is deemed safe, according to new research.
<|endofexample|>
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- BlackBerry smartphone maker Research in Motion, which has fallen far from its once-dominant position in the industry, is shaking up its executive ranks.
The company named Thorsten Heins -- a RIM insider -- as its new chief executive officer, succeeding co-CEOs Mike Lazaridis and Jim Balsillie.
Heins was one of RIM's two chief operating officers before his promotion to CEO. He replaces two much-maligned CEOs, who faced growing shareholder angst and analysts' skepticism about the long-serving pair's ability to turn the company around.
The CEOs also gave up their co-chairmen titles, but both will remain on the board.
Heins said his primary focus will be changing the company's marketing strategy in the United States.
Many office workers are now bringing their own devices into work and using them as their corporate smartphones. That means consumer favorites like Apple's (AAPL, Fortune 500) iPhone and Google's (GOOG, Fortune 500) Android devices are threatening to push BlackBerry out of its long-held corporate stronghold.
"We need to be more market-driven, more consumer-oriented," Heins said Monday on a conference call with analysts. "That's where a lot of our growth should come from. We need to engage more with our consumer base."
Heins said he will be hiring a new chief marketing officer in the near future.
He also said that RIM's execution must improve. The company has faced delay after delay with its new product rollouts.
After months-long delay on its current BlackBerry 7 operating system, the company announced last month that its next-generation platform, BlackBerry OS 10 -- the cornerstone of RIM's turnaround plans -- won't be ready until late 2012. The company says it is waiting on the development of a special chipset for its new devices.
Yet for all the changes he said he wants to make, Heins also said that he plans to continue implementing RIM's current business strategy.
That strategy hasn't paid off in several years. Analysts say RIM's lack of foresight led the company to lose more than half its U.S. market share since the debut of the iPhone.
Heins faces sharp challenges in turning around investors' sentiment about the company: RIM's (RIMM) stock plunged 72% last year. The Ontario-based company's third-quarter results, announced in December, projected a miserable outlook for the current quarter.
"We find this change in management slightly confusing," said Stuart Jeffrey, analyst at Nomura. "We see no concrete reason why this will prove a greater success under Mr. Heins than the previous co-CEOs."
RIM shares dropped 7% in early trading on Monday.
Analysts say they were hoping for an outsider to take the reins in put new ideas in place. The fact that both former CEOs also remain on the board also signaled to some that the old guard's presence in the company will still be intensely felt.
, analyst at Macquarie Capital.
Putting an insider in place also lessens the likelihood that RIM will sell itself to another company, which some investors had been hoping for. The company has been the subject of takeover rumors by companies such as Microsoft (MSFT, Fortune 500), Nokia (NOK) and Amazon.com (AMZN, Fortune 500).
Others have called on RIM to license its software to rivals. Heins said that he would "entertain those discussions," but said it's not his primary focus.
The management shakeup wasn't particularly surprising, with so many investors calling for the former CEOs' heads. But Lazaridis and Balsillie were so adamant that they were the right people to see RIM through its transition to BlackBerry 10 that the timing seems a bit odd.
That led some analysts to believe something might be awry at the company. The leadership shakeup may mean that more bad news -- like delays, layoffs, or a particularly bad quarter -- is going to hit soon. Nomura's Jeffrey said a new CEO may get more of a free pass delivering bad news than the former CEOs would have.
It also could mean that Lazaridis and Balsillie simply wanted to stop being investors' focus, since their continued presence at the helm was serving as a distraction. Last month, both apologized to investors, acknowledging that they had "let down" shareholders.
<|endofexample|>
Green Mountain's shares had been on a 5-year tear until last fall when fears over the expiration of its patents frightened investors. Click chart for more on Green Mountain.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- It's not an end to the coffee wars between Starbucks and Green Mountain Coffe. But it may be a détente.
The companies said Wednesday that they'll be joining forces to sell Starbucks-branded single serving coffee packs to run with Green Mountain's newest coffee machine, the Vue.
Green Mountain's investors clearly like anything that keeps the company linked with the world's largest coffee retailer.
Shares of Green Mountain Coffee Roasters (GMCR) surged nearly 12% Wednesday, while Starbucks (SBUX, Fortune 500)' stock barely budged.
Just two weeks ago, Starbucks announced that it planned to start selling its own Verismo machine, which will make single cups of espresso drinks. That news sent Green Mountain's shares cratering.
While some investors saw that as a death knell for Green Mountain, today's news pointed to optimism that perhaps there's plenty of single cups of coffee to go around.
Green Mountain and Starbucks first paired up to sell Starbucks' coffee in Green Mountain K-Cup machines in March 2011.
When Starbucks announced the Verismo, it also affirmed its commitment to keep selling coffee for the K-Cup machines.
The Verismo will launch just as Green Mountain loses two keys patents for its single-serve system that have helped it dominate the market.
Consumers' seemingly endless thirst for single servings of coffee helped Green Mountain become one of the fastest-growing companies of the past decade.
It was also one of the best-performing stocks during that same time period, handing investors back 110% gains on an annualized basis until last fall.
In October 2011, hedge fund Greenlight Capital's founder David Einhorn outlined a case for why Green Mountain was destined to see its market crumble, citing the expiring patents. Einhorn holds sway with investors after he predicted problems with Lehman Brothers ahead of the bank's collapse.
Green Mountain's shares plunged nearly 60% after Einhorn's comments last fall but slowly and steadily managed to regain nearly half of that back through Tuesday's close.
Investors expect the bumpy ride for Green Mountain to continue, with roughly 14% of the holders of its stock betting that the price will fall, according to the research firm Data Explorers.
Today's featured rates:
<|endofexample|>
Thursday, 15 Mar 2012 07:38 AM
The shares dropped 3.4 percent in New York trading yesterday, the third-biggest decline in the 81-company Standard & Poor’s 500 Financials Index, after London-based Greg Smith made the accusations in a New York Times op-ed piece.
Smith, who also wrote that he was quitting after 12 years at the company, blamed Blankfein, 57,.
Goldman Sachs slid $4.17 to $120.37 yesterday, leaving the shares still up 33 percent this year. The stock advanced 0.7 percent to $121.20 by 11:16 a.m. in Germany today.
David Wells, a spokesman for Goldman Sachs in New York, declined to comment beyond the contents of the memo and an earlier e-mailed statement in which the firm said it disagrees with the views expressed in the op-ed.
Fraud Lawsuit.
“Over the last 12 months I have seen five different managing directors refer to their own clients as ‘muppets,’ sometimes over internal e-mail,” Smith wrote. “It astounds me how little senior management gets a basic truth: If clients don’t trust you they will eventually stop doing business with you.”
The article was e-mailed across Wall Street. One employee at Bank of America Corp.’s Merrill Lynch division, a competitor to Goldman Sachs, said his team was told not to send copies to clients. Parodies such as “Why I am leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader” on thedailymash.co.uk and theborowitzreport.com’s “A Response from Goldman Sachs” also circulated.
‘Does Hurt’
“It does hurt them,” said Stephane Rambosson, managing partner at executive search firm Veni Partners in London and a former Citigroup Inc. banker. “The perception of the firm has gone down, and a lot of the winners of tomorrow are sitting back and thinking, ‘Do I want to be with Goldman?’”
There’s little evidence that the firm’s popularity with clients has been hurt by the SEC lawsuit, the Senate’s criticism or a recent ruling by Delaware Chancery Court Judge Leo Strine, who faulted Goldman Sachs’s handling of a conflict of interest. The bank won more business than any other in advising companies on takeovers and equity offerings last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Some clients of Goldman Sachs’s sales and trading department, the business in which Smith worked, said they are always cautious in dealings with Wall Street banks, understanding that their interests can diverge.
‘Prostitution in Vegas’
“The argument that Goldman has become increasingly profit- driven, sometimes at the expense of clients’ best interests, and that some employees use vulgar and disrespectful language, is hardly news,” Whitney Tilson, founder of hedge fund T2 Partners LLC, wrote in an e-mailed commentary. “What’s the next ‘shocking’ headline: ‘Prostitution in Vegas!?’”
Smith was an executive director in London, a title equal to vice president in New York. The firm employs almost 12,000 vice presidents, and most said in a recent internal survey that “the firm provides exceptional service” to clients, Blankfein and Cohn said in the memo. Smith, who sold U.S. equity derivatives to clients in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, didn’t respond to calls seeking comment.
Seven former Goldman Sachs partners and managing directors, positions that are more senior than vice president, said in interviews that Smith shouldn’t be taken seriously because he was a junior employee and may have been disgruntled about his pay or career. All asked not to be identified because they didn’t want to risk ruining their relationship with the firm.
Still, six of the seven said they agreed with Smith’s.
‘On a Pedestal’
“He may have aired a few comments that are true, but he’s placed himself on a pedestal,” said Jason Kennedy, CEO of the Kennedy Group, a London-based recruitment firm. “The reason he’s been at Goldman Sachs for 12 years is that he liked the name and probably liked the money.”
It’s rare for people on Wall Street, especially at Goldman Sachs, to speak out publicly against their employers or former employees, said Roy Smith, a former Goldman Sachs partner who’s now a finance professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business.
“Who’s going to hire someone who would do that?” he said. “The industry will close ranks on such things as whistle- blowing in this context.”
Sales and Trading
NYU’s Smith, who’s not related to the author of the op-ed, said Wall Street’s culture has changed because trading has become a more important source of revenue than the fees banks get from advising companies on takeovers or financing. Goldman Sachs generated 60 percent of its 2011 revenue from sales and trading.
The relationship with clients in the trading department differs from the investment bank, Smith said. Firms often are on the opposite side of a client’s trade, and can profit at the client’s expense. Still, it’s not as simple as the article describes, he said.
“It just doesn’t happen that it’s easy to make money by ripping off your clients or counterparties because they’re pretty smart people for the most part,” he said.
Though some competitors relished the criticism of Goldman Sachs, which was the most profitable securities firm in Wall Street history before it converted to a bank in 2008, they may not be so different.
Smith’s opinion piece “seems to be symptomatic of many, if not most, of the banks around the world,” said Tom Kirchmaier, a fellow in the financial-markets group at the London School of Economics. “It might be that Goldman, as one of the most successful ones, is also one of the most extreme.”
<|endofexample|>
Choosing an energy-efficient entry door is a great way to banish chills and welcome lower utility bills this season. There’s also a tax incentive in it for you: homeowners who replace older, less efficient doors with newer, better-insulated models get a tax credit equal to 30 percent of the door’s cost when installed now through December 2010.
That tax incentive and trimmed utility bills add up to valuable long-term savings. Here are three important energy- and money-saving factors to look for as you select a new front door:Alt=energy efficient entry door how to choose
The Energy Star: Make sure your choice is Energy Star qualified and meets the additional requirements for the federal tax credit. On both counts, that means it should have an acceptable Solar Heat Gain Coefficient and U-Factor.
NFRC Certification: Certification from the National Fenestration Rating Council (NFRC) tells you that a door will help you save money on energy costs while protecting the environment through energy efficiency.
High R-Value: R-Value is a measure of thermal resistance, and the higher the R-Value is, the better the insulation. For example, a six-panel wood door will typically have an R-Value of 2 while a fiberglass door system can offer/may have an R-Value of 10 or 12.
As you shop for your efficient new entry door, there will be hundreds of designs to choose from. Style is subjective, but remember that materials always matter. Compared with traditional wood and steel doors, fiberglass models usher in the best qualities for your energy-saving investment: they won’t rot, crack or split like wood doors, and don’t dent, rust or corrode like steel doors. They also offer five times the insulation of wood and withstand a range of temperatures and weather elements beautifully. Combine your vision of curb appeal with energy efficiency, and you’ll host lower utility costs for years to come!
Post new comment
<|endofexample|>
24/7 Listener Line: 1-888-MONEY-PIT
This Old House Makeover, Geothermal Heating Solutions, Universal Design and more
The Money Pit radio show broadcasts from the site of the latest This Old House renovation, as they wrap up another successful season. Learn about the heating solutions for this project which included a geothermal makeover, using heat from underground to warm the house. Also find out why the owners wanted to make this house with a universal design concept that allows residents to age gracefully in the home as long as they want
Ideas to ensure you will be able to enjoy your home throughout your entire lifetime
Learn about geothermal systems, which take the constant temperature of the Earth and both heat and cool your house based on that. It’s an ...
The Money Pit Broadcasts from the set of This Old House, Landscape Design Tips, Aging in Place and more
Guest host Kevin O’Connor joins Tom Kraeutler for a Money Pit broadcast featuring the cast of This Old House as they discuss renovations on their latest project, a cottage in Essex, MA. Get tips on landscape design, including how to make patio and deck areas more accessible to people of any age and ability. Find out how to design a home with aging in place in mind – the idea that the home’s residents can stay in it as long as they wish
Find out how to find a good contractor to drill a well for you. Get tips on looking at Angie's List or Service Master to find a reputable ...
Read about installing a lightning rod. Find out how to install a lightning rod around pipes and electrical wiring and how lightning rods can be ...
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the MoneyPit.com Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Community Standards
<|endofexample|>
Want to bake beautiful rolls or loaves of bread like this but are afraid you’ll just end up with dead yeast and hockey pucks? There’s nothing to fear – you too can have delicious fresh bread with these yeast and homemade bread making tips just in time for the holidays!
Yeast and Homemade Bread Making Tips:
- nearly year now. One packet of yeast = 2 1/4 teaspoons. Frozen yeast can be used immediately. You can buy instant yeast for faster results, but I like the result from regular yeast more.
- Always bloom your yeast to make sure it’s still alive. Do so by adding the amount of yeast needed to warm water (about 1/4 cup, depending on the recipe), stirring to dissolve the yeast and allowing to sit for 5 minutes. You’ll usually almost immediately see bubbles forming and if you still don’t see any after 5 minutes your yeast is either dead or your water was too hot and killed it.
- Be mindful of your liquid temperatures. The optimal water temperature for yeast is 105-115°. At temperatures above 120°.
- Adding honey or sugar to yeast and water can help it grow as it blooms. However, don’t add salt directly to the yeast and water as it can inhibit growth or even kill the yeast.
- counter a total mess, but since I got my KitchenAid Stand Mixer, the job is really a breeze and a lot less messy.
- How do I know if I need to knead my dough more? Under-kneaded dough may look shaggy and will tear easily when you pull on it. If it also really sticks to your fingers when pulling on it, more flour is needed.
- When is the dough done kneading? needed on the high end of these times, it’s done.
- When letting dough rise, be sure to coat the bowl with oil, flipping the dough in the bowl so it’s coated as well (when I use my mixer, I just pat the dough down in the mixing bowl) and cover with a clean towel or plastic wrap. Not covering the dough can lead to dry dough. You may also use a slightly damp towel to keep dough moist if it’s a really dry day.
- Dough will generally take around an hour to double in size at room temperature. I like to use a tall, large measuring cup to be able to easily tell when the dough has doubled in size. To expedite rising, heat oven on warming cycle or 150-200° for 2-5 minutes while kneading. Turn off oven and place covered dough inside to rise for 30-45 minutes.
- How do you know when bread dough has risen enough? Dough should be at least doubled in size and if you press two fingertips into the dough about an half inch, the indention should remain when you remove your fingers. Indention should also remain for the second rising. Dough can rise too much, so if not using immediately, refrigerate for up to 3 days, punching down as needed or freeze otherwise.
- Make sure to use a properly sized baking vessel for your bread. Rolls do best in a pan with high sides with just enough room for the rolls that helps the dough rise, like a 9 x 13 pan , while loaf pans need to be large enough to accommodate the amount of dough.
- Always preheat the oven before baking your bread and use the correct temperature. Otherwise bread may burn out the outside and be raw inside, not finish rising properly or have poor texture.
- Dough is done when crust is nicely brown, it sounds hollow when you tap on the top, or bread has an internal temperature of 190-200° (measure temperature from the bottom so it still looks nice on top).
- Immediately remove bread from pan when finished baking so the bottom crust doesn’t get soggy.
- Loaves with a harder crust can be stored cut-side down without wrapping (wrapping will soften the crust). Softer breads should be wrapped in wax paper, plastic wrap or in a plastic bag. Leftovers may also be frozen. I love making loaves and any leftovers that get stale get turned into croutons or breadcrumbs. I also make some the day or two before Thanksgiving to use in stuffing/dressing. Also make sure you have a good bread knife – many other types of knives will just squish the bread you worked so hard on!
I know these tips may seem overwhelming, but they really become second nature quickly. Overall, the best tip is to keep making bread as I honestly think the biggest help is learning to get the feel for the dough.
I love making homemade bread but have never made it in bulk. These are great tips!
Thank you for these tips!! I was just telling my mom how I wanted to try making my own bread!
I haven’t made homemade bread in a while. Thanks for helping me discover some new tips.
I never knew most of this!! Thank you for the great tips!!
Great tips, I have a Kitchen Aid too and couldn’t imagine kneeding by hand again.
I’ve never made homemade bread–perhaps I will explore over the weekend–wish me luck!! thanks for sharing all these great tips!
I love the tips! I love making bread!
I’ve been toying with the idea of making my own bread and honestly think it should be sooner than later! These are awesome tips. Have pinned this on my board for ref later. Thank you!!!
<|endofexample|>
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The Mississippi River flood of 2011 may seem like a thing of the past for people who fled rising waters that never came, yet the final toll is shrouded in murky water for thousands of people devastated as the flood made its way from the Midwest to the Gulf of Mexico.
Thousands of acres of crops, timber and catfish farms are still flooded, mostly by tributaries that backed up because the Mississippi River was so high. Hundreds still are displaced from flooded homes. Some people had nothing to go home to.
In the Mississippi Delta, Tim Saxton is still praying for the levees to hold — not the levees on the Mississippi River, but the ones on his 500-acre catfish farm. Saxton is not sure how bad Five Mile Fisheries was damaged because it's still under water. So he waits. And wonders.
"It's going to be tough on a 60-year-old man to start over, but I'm sure going to try," Saxton vowed..
The levees divided the farm into dozens of small ponds for different-sized fish. If he has to rebuild all of those levees, the financial blow will be crippling. Even if the levees survive, it could take Saxton a year or more to get back into production.
He's not the only one starting over. The mobile home park in Memphis, Tenn., where Leandro Lugo lived with his pregnant wife and two young children, is abandoned, like "something out of a movie." Many of the mobile homes were flooded to their roofs. Red stickers mark the ones that are unlivable.
Lugo and his family were among the first to arrive at the Hope Presbyterian Church shelter. Most of the 177 people who stayed there have left for rented apartments or hotel rooms paid for by the federal government. And after more than a month, Lugo and his family left, too. The bed of Lugo's white pickup truck was filled with donated items like baby diapers, chairs and a small bed for his kids.
"We were a little frustrated at one time, but we realized that we couldn't control what God has in store for us," said Lugo, a 37-year-old construction worker. "We have to keep moving forward. We can't look back."
Some were more fortunate.
Hundreds of people living along Louisiana's Atchafalaya River heeded mandatory evacuation orders when the Army Corps of Engineers opened the Morganza floodway north of Baton Rouge for the first time since 1973. The corps had warned residents of Butte LaRose that diverting the Mississippi River's flood waters into the Atchafalaya basin could inundate the town.
Several weeks later, that dire forecast hasn't come close to fruition. The slowly rising water has damaged a few homes in Butte LaRose but spared the vast majority. The mandatory evacuation order has been lifted.
"I said I wanted to give Mother Nature a run for her money. We won this time, but we don't know if we'll win the next time," said Maxim Doucet, a 37-year-old construction company owner who spent thousands of dollars preparing. He built a 6-foot levee around his home on the banks of the Atchafalaya River.
St. Martin Parish President Guy Cormier, who ordered the evacuation, credited the Army Corps of Engineers and National Weather Service for keeping him informed but said he was frustrated the projections were so far off.
"Once this is all said and done, I'm going to want some answers about how they missed this by 4½ feet," he said.
Farther downstream in Morgan City, even worse conditions were predicted. So far, the oil and seafood hub hasn't seen any significant backwater flooding, said Mayor Tim Matte. However, it could be another month before the water levels cease to be a concern. That's left officials consumed with flood preparations at a time they'd normally be focused on the start of hurricane season on June 1. The season is expected to be busier than normal, with government forecasters predicting there could be as many as 18 named tropical storms.
The overestimated flood projections were based on the best data available at the time, corps spokesman Ken Holder said. But the corps didn't open as many gates on the Morganza floodway as initially anticipated, while drought conditions apparently blunted the impact of river water diverted into the basin.
"We plan for the worst and hope for the best — and we got the best," Holder said. "When officials are charged with protecting public safety, they don't have the luxury of not planning for the worst."
Still, the Bonnet Carre spillway is pouring fresh water into Lake Pontchartain, near New Orleans. Eventually, the river water will enter the Gulf of Mexico, raising fears the fragile oyster beds, hit hard by last year's BP oil spill, could suffer again.
Even if the flooding wasn't as bad as initially feared, it's still been treacherous for those affected. Some 5,600 people have applied for government assistance in Mississippi in Tennessee, though the damage is still being assessed because high waters are still causing problems for officials.
And. It's also not yet clear if the flood will increase prices for consumers..
Nonetheless, some row crop farmers still hope to salvage part of the season. Brett Robinson hopes to start planting soybeans Monday on a small fraction of his land to replace the corn he lost, but most of his land near Yazoo City, Miss., is still flooded. Even the parts he could plant may be littered with logs or other debris.
"We're hoping to just drop down there with a planter," Robinson said. "But we'll just have to wait and see."
<|endofexample|>
Monroe Pediatrics is a division of Allied Pediatrics of New York
For over 40 years the pediatricians at Monroe Pediatrics have provided top quality medical care to the children of Orange County and beyond. Our board certified physicians specialize in caring for infants, children and adolescents, often following newborns through college students. Open 365 days a year (emergency hours on Sundays), with separate well and sick offices, Monroe Pediatric Associates makes your children our #1 priority!. >
<|endofexample|>
Monstru World Newson April 28, 2009 at 2:00 am
When I need news, and need it fast, I read MONSTRU NEWS!
State sponsored, all the news is AUTHORITY approved, each and every day! You’ll be sure to learn the truth, and learn it fast with MONSTRU NEWS, just for $15 a day.
If you’d like to read the full newspaper shown in the comic, you can download it here as a pdf.
[poll id="9"]
- Daniel
Related posts:
Very cool idea!
Shouldn’t that be “lewd behavior” or does that mean he acts like a quaalude?
Glad to see coal prices coming down, it’s about time.
“Lude/Lewd”? Probably, but I don’t write this stuff. Take it up with the Editors over there at Monstru News.
And for the record, last month the price for coal was: $8.98 per brick. This month, it’s $12.87 per brick. You do the math.
Print is dead! Like zombies! mmmm… zombies….
They say “Drinking rainwater, urine and goat parts” like it is a bad thing!
Awed by the newspaper PDF – it must have taken you many hours to create that – THANK YOU for all your hard work in giving us this for free.
Glad you like it!
I did add a couple of hours to today’s comic, but I planned on making the entire thing all along. It didn’t make much sense to not give you guys the full paper… for fun and other hints.
Well, the price may have gone from $8.98 to $12.87 per brick, but when you factor in how much the crowbuck has depreciated in the meantime it’s actually cheaper.
At least that’s what Lincolnstein’s minister of financial propaganda and cheesy biscuits told me so I’d move the car from off his foot.
Oh, so you ARE paying attention.
<|endofexample|>
Men's
Calling all guys! Our new range of natural male grooming products have arrived! They get the job done, are hassle free, straight talking and don’t take themselves too seriously. We promise to keep you squeaky clean and rid your skin of dirt and grime – you’ll be left wanting.
<|endofexample|>
Dates: 1962–
Family: Hemings, Madison
Residence (at time of interview): Washington, PA
<|endofexample|>
06outback
05-07-2011, 09:55 PM
My manual shows to run penzoil 15w-40 marine but it is not available in my town. I went to the local Tige dealer today to get oil but I was told they use Castrol 10w-40 when they change the oil. Should I run 10w-40 or get another type of 15w-40, I run rotella 15w-40 in my truck. I have an 03 with the fuel injected indamar.
<|endofexample|>
Witt
02-09-2006, 03:35 PM
How many of y'all have a Moomba cover for your boats? I am trying to be cost effective, and 550 for a cover does not seem cost effective to me. My boat is always garaged or under a carport, so I figured that a generic sporting goods store boat cover would prolly do the trick? Any advice? Oh yeah, and what would the best way to "engineer" the cover to fit around the tower mounts, with the tower in the down position? thanks
<|endofexample|>
US$50–100
Trip Ideas
Explore Further
Right on the Plaza Principal stands the five-story tower of Tepic’s Hotel Fray Junípero Serra (Lerdo 23 Pte., tel. 311/212-2525, fax 311/212-0251,, $75 s $83 d). The hotel offers spacious, tastefully furnished view rooms with deluxe amenities, efficient service, convenient parking, and a cool and tranquil plaza-front restaurant. The 90 rooms have air-conditioning, satellite TV, and phones; no pool or parking, limited wheelchair access; credit cards are accepted.
Hotel Real de Don Juan (Av. México 105 Sur, tel. 311/216-1880 or 311/216-1828, realdedonjuan [at] hotmail [dot] com, $84 s or d) on Plaza Constituyentes appears to be succeeding in its efforts to become Tepic’s class-act hotel. A plush, tranquil lobby and adjoining restaurant/bar matches the luxury of the king-size beds, thick carpets, marble baths, and soft pastels of the rooms. The 48 rooms have air-conditioning, TV, parking, and limited wheelchair access; credit cards are accepted..
<|endofexample|>
Big Burt Lake is the focus of its namesake state park (6635 State Dr., Indian River, 231/238-9392, state park vehicle permit required), located at the lake’s southern end. Anglers flock to this 10-mile-long lake, known as one of the best fisheries in the state for walleye, panfish, and bass—but especially walleye. Swimmers seek it out, too, since a soft sand beach runs the entire length of the park.
Burt Lake State Park has two boat launches, one located next to a popular campground with 375 modern sites ($22). The park offers little in the way of hiking, but does have a nifty observation tower that gives you a great view of the lake.
<|endofexample|>
Patagonia Men's Wool Cask Crew
Products on Sale are Discontinued Colors.
The Patagonia Men's Wool Cask Crew. A timeless crewneck made of a soft, comfortable wool and cashmere blend that's available in solids and stripes..
<|endofexample|>
The Football Association (commonly known as the FA) released a statement on Tuesday that they will be suspending star Liverpool striker, Luis Suarez, for racist comments made during a league match in mid-October. The comments were made toward Manchester United’s defender Patrice Evra. The suspension, pending a likely appeal from Suarez, will last eight games along with a fine of $62,000. The talented Uruguayan was first charged with the allegations on November 16 and an Independent Regulatory Commission from the FA held a seven-day hearing from December 14 to the 20th to investigate the incident. Though Liverpool and Suarez completely deny Evra’s allegations, the FA’s decision was not rushed after a lengthy investigation. The evidence has not been released yet, but I would expect that the FA’s commission has a good cause for such a stern suspension.
This suspension takes a huge stride in Europe’s worldwide effort to eliminate racism in soccer. Racism in Europe, especially in soccer, has become quite horrific and has led FIFA and the FA to launch campaigns to end it. A heavy suspension to a well-known player on a well-known team in a well-known sport internationally is the perfect way to send a message to others that racism will not be tolerated in soccer. Soccer’s racism struggles are equivalent to football’s over-agressive hits and baseball’s steroids dilemma–all are major problems in their respective leagues. They have to be dealt with correctly to be controlled.
The FA’s verdict shows our American leagues how to handle a problem that you want to eliminate. Suarez’s eight-game suspension is longer than a fifth of the English Premier League season. That is a long time for a team to be without one of their best players. Players, and even clubs, won’t learn until the players miss so much time that they begin to rethink their decisions. A couple good examples of this are Mike Vick and Plaxico Burress being banned from football for a year or two for their actions or Ron Artest being suspended seventy-three games for his brawl against the Pistons in 2004. Their lengthy suspensions were in the middle of their prime as professional athletes where they also would have made millions of dollars.
The MLB has begun to understand that to do away with a problem, the consequences must be dire. The fifty game suspensions for the use of performance enhancing drugs is almost a third of a major league season, which is a huge dent in a team’s record and player’s wallet. That alone has probably made many baseball players rethink what they are putting in their bodies.
If the NFL attaches harsher punishments to certain rules then the rules will probably be broken less often. Maybe James Harrison hits shoulder to shoulder or shuts his mouth before criticizing his commissioner publicly. Maybe Ndamakong Suh rethinks his stomp against Green Bay. Or, what if the NFL took their time and investigated Suh’s stomp; maybe, just maybe, they would have discovered that Green Bay’s offensive line was untying his shoes after the whistle and they would have received fines or worse.
Now I am not saying that every time that a rule is broken the offender should be suspended for the season. I just think the punishment should fit the crime, especially if it is a rule that you don’t want to show tolerance toward. The FA decided that a lengthy suspension would help remind the world of soccer that racism is not to be tolerated. I happen to agree with them. Racism in soccer has become much more controlled since FIFA, the FA, and other governing bodies started their worldwide efforts in the early 200s. It seems that the professional leagues in America have something to learn from that.
Have a comment? Want me to write about a certain topic? Follow me on twitter @Believelander and let me know.
Also, don’t forget to like MTAF on Facebook and follow them on twitter @MTAFSports.
<|endofexample|>
All my products were received timely, well packaged and completely fresh. Thank you for your wonderful service!
I love the dead sea salt! I have ordered it twice (and placed other orders) and have always been happy with the products and service from More Than Alive!
As always you deliver as expected. Everything I ordered was included. This is why I am a return customer. Thank you!
<|endofexample|>
.
Laura
April 28, 2008 at 1:48 pm
I bought this product for my horse who has Cushings.
stayinthelight@cox.net
May 8, 2008 at 10:14 pm
I just wanted to comment on this as I also put my mare on Chaste Tree and grind it the same way. I read about it on a rescue site and thought I'd look for myself and found MoreThanAlive! Just started about 2 or 3 months ago (Feb. 08) accross it in my search for answers about my insulin resistant and cushing horses.
Thank you Vlad and Joy and Beeyoutiful, I have become a customer for life.
Blessings to you,
Lisa Haur
Georgette Miller
May 28, 2009 at 7:36 pm
I have a 26 yr old gelding with Cushings Disease and I have been giving him 1 mg of Pergolide daily for over a year but he still will not shed. I see a place called Starwest Botanicals where you can order chasteberry POWDER in a 1 lb container and I am wondering how much to feed. Can you help me?
Thanks,
Georgette Miller
Jackson, Ms
cindy
September 29, 2009 at 1:33 pm. I will continue to use it
Betsy
November 2, 2009 at 7:18 pm you 26 yr. old baby, my paint is 26 also! Betsy
Katherine White
September 10, 2008 at 1:04 pm.
Allen Stiles
October 28, 2008 at 12:40 pm
My mare does not like the taste or smell of chaste tree berry.What do you mix yours with.I have been mixing with applesauce and using a sirenge.
Cheryl Infantino
November 25, 2008 at 12:52 pm
You're doing exactly what I do. I also give my mare MSM for inflamation (she's 22 yrs old). She doesn't like the taste of that either. So I mix the chastetreeberry and MSM in a little dish with some applesause and water then put the mixture in a syringe. I can't think of any other way. If your mare gets tired of the applesauce, you can always try some watered down molasses. Horses really like that too.
KAREN PYLES
October 6, 2011 at 11:21 pm
I give my horse MSM everyday mixed in 1 cup of Silk Very Vanilla Soy Milk then I mix that into his senior feed. Loves it. No problem at all. I discovered it when I was taking MSM and found when it was in Silk soy milk I could not taste it.
If it needs sweetening for your horses taste add Stevia.
S. Cobb
March 18, 2009 at 10:32 am
We have read that Black Walnut is poisonous to horses. I was surprised to read a comment about someone feeding Black Walnut to their horses. For humans it is non-toxic, but for horses it is touted as deadly. Do you have any information/science about this topic?
Sharon
March 24, 2009 at 5:41 pm
Black Walnut is poisioness to horses. I have no idea as to what extract from the black walnut a person might be able to feed their horses. When we moved to a new place that had a large black walnut tree, the first thing our vet told us was to be sure that the horses never got near enough to munch on it or the walnuts.
Tabatha
November 29, 2009 at 8:29 pm.
Maureen
August 28, 2011 at 5:46 pm
My horse refuses to take the chasteberry. I've tried baking little muffins with apple sauce and hiding the chasteberry powder inside before I feed it but he just spits it out. Any idea! I board my horse so I cannot mix with anything other than his feed.
Ricky
September 18, 2011 at 10:15 am
I had the same problem of finding a way to get my mare to take the chasteberry.berry powder. For our mare it works like a charm. Hope this helps :)!
Unknown
October 15, 2011 at 6:23 am
I'm glad this is working for geldings, mares, etc. However, can someone tell me if this has helped any women with menstral cramps? Thanks~.
Sandy Nichols
October 24, 2012 at 7:14 pm
I want some testimonies or reviews for people, humans. I wanted to see if it might be helpful for myself. It might help boys mood actions too.
<|endofexample|>
Hops has been used as a calmative, nervine, stomachic, sedative and hypnotic. It has been considered especially useful in alleviating nervous stomach conditions and in helping produce sleep. It is also a diuretic and vermifuge. One of the most popular folk uses is in a “hops filled pillow” which, when used to replace a standard pillow, is said to produce non-narcotic sleep.
Hops has an overriding bitter taste due to the antibiotic bitter acids, humulone and lupulone. These irritating bitter acids, together with volatile oils, stimulate (primarily through irritation) the urinary tract and the lungs to purge themselves of toxins. This results in diuretic and expectorant effects. The oils also trigger the production of digestive fluids, aiding efficient digestion.
The sedative and antispasmodic properties of hops are apparently due to the various flavonoids present in the flowers of the plant.
Contain bitter compounds that have a sedative effect and relieve smooth muscle spasms, increase the flow of urine and are antiseptic. Hops is an excellent herbal source of niacin. It has been used to treat insomnia, painful urination, urinary tract infections, spastic colons and anxiety.Culpeper wrote: “…to open obstructions of the liver and spleen, to cleanse the blood, to loosen the belly, to cleanse the veins from gravel, and provoke urine. The decoction of the tops of Hops, as well of the tame as the wild, works the same effects. In cleansing the blood they help to cure the French diseases, and all manner of scabs, itch, and other breakings-out of the body; as also all tetters, ringworms, and spreading sores, the morphew and all discoloring of the skin. The decoction of the flowers and hops, do help to expel poison that anyone hath drank. A syrup made of the juice and sugar, cures the yellow jaundice, eases the head-ache that comes of heat, and tempers the heat of the liver and stomach, and is profitably given in long and hot agues that rise in choler and blood. Both the wild and the manured are of one property, and alike effectual in all the aforesaid diseases.”
The sedating aspect of the herb on the nervous system was not lost on early practitioners, either. Though hops were at first thought to engender melancholy, Ellingwood considered it specific for marked cases of nerve irritation and wakefulness where anxiety and worry are the cause. He recommended it for the following pathologies: hysteria, insomnia, acute local inflammations, facial neuralgia, delirium tremens, and sexual excitement. King’s went on to add: .”
Hops has and is being used in China primarily as a disinfectant to treat various forms of leprosy, tuberculosis, bacterial dysentery, and, most recently, antibiotic resistant staph infections.
Indicated Usages - Internal:
Indicated Usages - External:
Has been used in the following:
Uses: Hops makes for a bitter tea. For that reason, we use it most often in tincture combinations pertaining to problems sleeping, stress, anxiety, and stomach and liver problems. Like many other bulk herbs, we add it to many dishes (salads, meat dishes, soups, stews, etc.) in small amounts for added nutrition and fiber without affecting the flavor. Hops.
Lisa Hauri
October 20, 2008 at 3:46 pm
We have 2 horses and we trim their feet ourselves. Giving them each a couple handfulls of hops (mixed in wheat bran and some other herbs from this site) about half an hour before we trim and they will just stand there for hours. Makes the chore a little bit easier. We also give our horses Chaste Tree berries - I left feedback there as well.
<|endofexample|>
Odorless Garlic - 250 Gelcaps - 25 mg. Each Gelcap is equivalent to 2500 mg of garlic in a concentrated form.
Garlic has to be the queen of herbs. Its value is legendary, its fame is historic and its odor is truly ... amazing. Although there is no garlic supplement that can take the place of freshly crushed garlic, there are times when the odor and the inconvenience are less than optimal. For those times, we suggest Odorless Garlic, which is simply a high-potency aged garlic extract. Our Odorless Garlic is concentrated 100:1 to maximize scordinin, a bio-active component in garlic thought to be central to its immune-building properties..
<|endofexample|>
Find: words within the letters ahimrfc
Find words starting with ahimrfc, containing ahimrfc, ending with ahimrfc
Explore all combinations of letters
Some random words: geanticline ex apron trabeate lwei ipomoea jag
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
2013 May 18 - 10:44:43 - Privacy Policy - © Copyright 2004-2013 MoreWords.com - C - e2k - 0.489mS
<|endofexample|>
2 words found.
List all words starting with dite sorted by length or by how common the words are.
Some random words: oaves ebon ruin by honda omophagies utricle
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
2013 May 18 - 10:12:14 - Privacy Policy - © Copyright 2004-2013 MoreWords.com - Z - e2k - 0.925mS
<|endofexample|>
Discuss this article or ask questions at the LDS.net Forums.
Young Women's Program
From MormonWikiMormon Church (The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints) is an organization that helps young ladies, aged 12-17, realize their divine potential through the use of goal setting, projects, and the application of gospel truths. A lot of the purpose of this organization is evident in the first part of the theme that the young women learn to recite:
"We are daughters of our Heavenly Father, who love us, and we love Him. We will stand as witnesses of God at all times, in all things, and in all places..."
The participants in this organization get together during each week to build friendships, strengthen their faith, and complete projects relating to the Young Women values. Those values include: Faith, Divine Nature, Individual Worth, Knowledge, Choice and Accountability, Good Works and Integrity. As these youth complete service projects and personal growth activities, they become eligible for awards, similar to the Eagle Scout award.
On Sunday, the Young Women meet together during part of the church service to learn about the gospel. They learn about how to withstand the popular and misguided temptations the world has to offer, and how to strengthen what God would want them to be and do.
Within the Young Women organization, there are 3 classes or groups: Beehives, girls aged 12-13, Mia Maids, girls aged 14-15, and Laurels, girls aged 16-17. In some areas, they meet separately as a class during Sunday service and during their weekly activities, while in other areas, all Young Women meet together. Weekly activities also sometimes coordinate with the young men of the same age group.
<|endofexample|>
SALEM - Rorie and Diana Reiter, Salem, are announcing the engagement and forthcoming marriage of their daughter, Emily Nicole Reiter, to Cade Eric Shoff, son of Clyde and Cheryl Shoff, Salem.
The couple is planning an Oct. 15 wedding at Phillips Christian Church in Salem with an outdoor reception to follow.
Emily Reiter and Cade Shoff
308 Maple Street , Lisbon, OH 44432 | 330-424-9541
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
Today is the beginning of National Newspaper Week, the week every year during which newspapers pay homage to themselves.
This year's theme, "Newspapers, the Cornerstone of your Community," recognizes the changing role newspapers are playing in society, but also emphasizes our historical responsibility of informing and educating, as well as protecting the public's right to know.
The Morning Journal today is much different from what it was when it began as The Buckeye State 160. Just last week we took another step forward into the digital age with the launch of a new 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
EAST LIVERPOOL - City Council took steps Monday night to transfer property on East Fifth Street to the Community Improvement Corporation (CIC) so it can be sold.
The property was formerly owned by Patricia and Louis DeLuca but went into foreclosure. When it failed to sell at a sheriff's sale, the city became the owners.
It contained a burned-out house that the DeLucas had failed to repair or demolish, planning Director Bill Cowan had said previously, saying his office contracted with X-Treme Clean to demolish the house after seeking quotes from several firms, with X-Treme Clean bidding the lowest at $4,330.
Once the CIC has the property, it can sell it without seeking competitive bids as the city would be required to do if it wanted to sell the parcel of ground. The next door neighbor has offered to purchase the property for $1,000 with the hope of possibly constructing a garage in the future.
Other legislation passed by council Monday night included an ordinance in support of the Columbiana County Port Authority applying to the state for the Clean Ohio Brownfields Program for an assessment on property formerly operated by the North Star Coal Co.
Responding to criticism lodged at the last council meeting, Deputy Service-Safety Director Dan Galeoti said the street department does, in fact, have a system for cleaning streets of snow during the winter months.
A resident had complained previously that the department had no grid in place for clearing streets, but Galeoti showed council a map and said each of the four trucks has its own map and own area.
"We don't just run out there blindly as we were accused of a few weeks ago," Galeoti said.
He said, however, that breakdowns have plagued the department all winter, noting 16 purchase orders for major repairs had been submitted out of the 20 work days during January.
Council President John Torma urged council to "dig down deep and try to give the street department the money it needs."
Thus far this winter, Galeoti reported, 800 tons of salt have been used on city streets, with 150 tons left and 200 more tons ordered.
Service-Safety Director Ryan Estell conceded that salt and trucks are a concern and discussions have begun on the possibility of purchasing another truck with money freed up when a loan is paid off.
"The guys have done a heck of a job so far," Estell said of the street department, adding that the volume of complaint calls has decreased drastically over this time last year.
Councilman Sherrie Curtis commended those city workers who have to work outside in the cold weather, naming street crews, police and fire and, particularly the "Water Dawgs," who have had to repair several water line breaks already.
Estell also reported that Better City LLC, the consulting firm hired by council to help revitalize the city, will be in town next week, meeting with businesses and other agencies, putting together a target list of activities.
"Things have gone very well so far," Estell said of the Utah firm.
One of the meetings set for next week with Better City is in regard to the former East Junior High building in East End, Estell reported.
In other matters, council:
- Approved an annual ordinance authorizing the Board of Public Utilities to advertise for bids and enter into contracts for chemicals, meters and supplies
- Approved an ordinance authorizing the mayor to enter into an agreement with the Ohio Department of Development for administration of funds from prior housing grants, which has to be renewed every three years
- Heard from Councilman Ray Perorazio that he is working with Cowan on possible changes to housing codes, saying money needs to be found for a full-time housing inspector.
Council's Feb. 18 meeting was changed to the 19th due to observance of Presidents' Day.
308 Maple Street , Lisbon, OH 44432 | 330-424-9541
© 2013. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
<|endofexample|>
Company News Summary
Troy Resources Provides June 2012 Quarterly Activities Report
Original announcement: Quarterly Activities Report June 2012
Troy Resources provided its June 2012 quarterly activities report, reporting record annual group production of 137,457 gold equivalent ounces, and group quarterly gold production of 29,520oz at a cash cost of US$544/oz net of silver credits. At Casposo, Argentina, the "winterisation program" has performed well with the site operating through periods below minus ten degrees Celsius with minimal impact on plant performance. Exploration at Casposo has predominantly focused on the B Vein/SEXT Vein. Although generally thinner and lower grade than the 2011 Inca 2 discovery, it is commercially attractive because it sits in the hangingwall of Inca 2 and thus will be able to be accessed by underground development being put in to mine Inca 2. The company also reported quarterly gold production of 10,791oz and financial year gold production of 48,632oz at Andorinhas, Brazil.
See more ASX300 News Announcements
<|endofexample|>
Jason Stipp: I'm Jason Stipp for Morningstar, and welcome to The Friday Five.
As we paused for Independence Day celebrations, we saw a few signs of the holiday across the market this week.
Here with me to offer the details is Morningstar markets editor Jeremy Glaser.
Jeremy, thanks for being here.
Jeremy Glaser: Glad to be here, Jason.
Stipp: So, what do you have The Friday Five this week?
Glaser: Well, this week we're going to talk about Barclays, Hillshire Brands, same-store sales, fireworks in Europe, and finally China.
Stipp: Top brass at Barclays got a certain kind of independence this week. Maybe he wasn't looking for it in quite that way. What's your take on the situation there?
Glaser: I don't think Bob Diamond was fighting for his independence, but it was foisted upon him, because of the LIBOR fixing scandal.
In a nutshell, Barclays essentially manipulated this interbank rate, which a lot of other key interest rates are tied to, and this is something that is a big stain on Barclays' reputation. They're going to have to pay a pretty sizable fine to regulators both in the U.K. and elsewhere.
But I think there are two major things that come out of this that are important for investors.
The first is, it reinforces this notion, which a lot of particularly individual investors have been feeling since the financial crisis, that this whole game is rigged in a way. That the investment banks are using their power and using their position in order to just extract value wherever they can find it, but without really thinking about their stakeholders, without really thinking about individual investors in a very meaningful way.
Certainly, just because there are some bad actors doesn't mean that the entire financial system is out to get people. But stories like this, I think, really corrode that trust that's needed in the financial system for it to work, so I think that is a key part.
Secondly, for Barclays specifically, it now leaves this huge European bank without a leader in a time of transition for them. They've grown a lot in recent years and have to focus on finding their profitability, finding their stride, which they haven't been able to do yet. Our analyst Jim Sinegal is hopeful that someone will be able to come in and really focus on the retail bank--focus on that stable, profitable organization--and try to rein in some of the bigger risk-takers that obviously got in trouble with the LIBOR scandal and elsewhere.
Who knows if that's going to happen or not. I think we'll have to wait and see on that one, but certainly Barclays without a strong leader at the helm could be listless for some time.
Stipp: In consumer goods, we saw two breakfast-related brands, you might say, gain their independence from each other. What was behind that and is there a trend in the split-up of companies?Read Full Transcript
Glaser: I talked earlier this week about Sara Lee's split-up just last week of Hillshire brands and a coffee business that will be based in Europe. And really what was happening there is Sara Lee realized that there just weren't a lot of synergies cross-selling in different aisles of the grocery store. Getting that scale wasn't that valuable for them, and in fact, it was making them lose focus on developing new products and really developing the brands that they needed in order to create a lot of value for their shareholders.
So far we think that the spin-off really did make a lot of sense. We talked to Erin Lash earlier this week about this--she is the analyst who covered Sara Lee--and she really sees that focus as being incredibly valuable, and that Hillshire Brands could potentially be a good takeover target for some other firms that maybe could create some more scale there, could create a lot more value there, when it comes to the supermarket.
So, creating that independence certainly makes sense for that firm. Kraft is also going to be splitting up in the relative near future, and we'll see if that one makes sense, too. Sometimes just being bigger does not mean that you're better.
Stipp: We also got retail same-store sales. They looked not especially strong. Were consumers not interested in doing holiday shopping for this week?
Glaser: Apparently not. The June same-store sale numbers just were not as strong as they had been. Consumer spending has been an area that obviously we've watched closely. Bob Johnson talks about it a lot. ... People go out there, spend money, and it drives the economy.
And same-store sales increased by the smallest amount in a number of years in June, and really people just seem to be pulling back. We saw it a lot at places like Macy's--which had been doing really well, the remerchandising had been really helping--they saw their same-store sales fall below expectations.
And I think that's just a sign that consumers are maybe becoming a little bit more fearful again. They're seeing some bad economic news. It's causing them to maybe be a little bit more cautious. It certainly was not a catastrophic report, and one month does not exactly make a trend, but I think it's going to be interesting to watch how same-store sales and how the consumer reacts to the potential of more softer economic news in the comings months.
Stipp: We were looking for, or maybe fearing, signs of fireworks in Europe over the last few days. Did we get them? Did we see the big explosions we were worried about?
Glaser: No big explosions in Europe, which is both good and bad.
So, on the good side, we didn't see any big explosions from some of our sovereign debt highflyers, like Greece and Spain, where there wasn't a big crisis [in the last week]--which, you know, no news is sometimes good news.
The summit that ended last week with some agreements to allow struggling financial institutions to borrow directly from the European stability mechanisms instead of having to go through the national governments first, and those first tentative steps to creating a banking union and eventually a fiscal union, I think, really were good steps in the direction of actually solving the crisis, instead of just putting band-aids on.
Now there is still a lot more work to do, and interest rates are still unsustainably high for a number of countries in the eurozone, but I think the fact that the market bought those as a credible step was apparent in the lack of fireworks in Europe.
But on the other side, the ECB, which did finally lower rates, I think people maybe were expecting a little bit more fireworks there. Instead the ECB basically said, we're going to make this limited step of lowering rates. We don't think it's going to be that helpful. We do see softening in the economy. We really do think that the eurozone is falling into recession. These certainly aren't the kind of words that you want to hear from the central bankers. So, I think people maybe were expecting a little bit more, or were hoping that the ECB would be a little bit more explosive in what it deployed there.
Stipp: We also saw that China lowered their rates. Is this going to create fireworks for that economy, which folks have been worried about?
Glaser: I think this has been one of the big question marks of the global economy, where people are super-focused on Europe, people think about the United States a lot, and then out in the background you also have this question of, is Chinese growth incredibly slowing down? Are we going to see this so-called hard landing? ... Is it a bubble that's just going to pop, or are we going to just see a gradual slowing to more sustainable levels of growth?
And the Chinese government is doing everything in their power to make sure that is a gradual slowdown, and they keep cutting rates, they keep trying to ease monetary policy in a way to make sure that the slowdown is controlled, and that they're able to really keep the economy from completely collapsing.
And so far, they've done a fairly good job at it. It seems like the Chinese economy is chugging along, even if at lower levels, and we haven't seen catastrophic numbers yet, and we'll have to hope that the Chinese government is a good steward of the economy for the sake of the rest of the global economy.
Stipp: Jeremy, The Friday Five is always a grand finale for the week. Thanks for joining me.
Glaser: You're welcome, Jason.
Stipp: For Morningstar, I'm Jason Stipp. Thanks for watching.
<|endofexample|>
